THE

Statues at Large,

From the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD,

To the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD, inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Public and Private Statutes during that Time.

WITH A COPIOUS INDEX.

Being a THIRTEENTH VOLUME to Mr. Runnington’s Edition,

and a SEVENTEENTH to Mr. Ruffhead’s.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty:

And by Andrew Strahan, Law Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

M DCC XCVIII.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of GEORGE III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 35 Georgii III.

1. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

2. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

3. An Act to continue, for a limited time, an act, made the last session of parliament, intituled An act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

4. An Act for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation, of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, for a limited time, without payment of duty.

5. An Act for raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

6. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

7. An Act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

8. An Act for authorizing the company of proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to vary the course of a certain part of the said canal, in the county of Hertford, so as to tender the navigation thereof more safe and convenient; and for making some other amendments and alterations in an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

9. An Act for procuring a supply of men from the several ports of this kingdom, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

10. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign wine and sweets.

11. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on worts, wash, and other liquors, made in England, for extracting spirits for home consumption; and for preventing distillers from making use of wheat or wheat flour in making wash for extracting spirits.

12. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign spirits.

13. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on tea, coffee, and cocoa nuts.

14. An Act for raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities.

15. An Act for rendering effectual his Majesty's orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, respecting the admission of the effects mentioned in the said orders into the ports of this country, to be warehoused; and for indemnifying all persons who have acted in consequence of such orders.

16. An Act for applying certain sums of money, raised in the county of Derby by virtue of several acts of parliament made respecting the militia of this kingdom.

17. An Act for appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, together with those named in two former acts for appointing of of the land tax.

18. An Act to repeal an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature in Norfolk Island; and for better enabling his Majesty to establish such court in the said island.

19. An Act for rendering more effectual an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

20. An Act for granting certain duties of customs on the importation of fruit, sallad oil, waste silk, and timber, and on the exportation of British rock salt, and coal.

21. An Act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven and hundred ninety-five.

22. An Act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

23. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the of for the reduction of the national debt.

24. An Act further to continue an act, made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

25. An Act for further continuing an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

26. An Act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said united dates.

27. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for amending so much of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, as relates to the militia of the city of London; and for the better ordering the same.

28. An Act to enable petty officers in the navy, and seamen, non-commissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving in his Majesty's navy, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives and families.

29. An Act for raising a certain number of men, in the several counties, stewartries, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and for repealing a certain exception as far as relates to bonds given as security for the payment of one hundred pounds or under, contained in an act of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign.

31. An Act for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to cutters, luggers, shallops, wherries, smacks, or yawls, of any build whatever; for amending an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, more effectually to secure the performance of quarantine, and for amending several laws relative to the revenue of customs; for amending an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom; and for authorising the commissioners of excise at Edinburgh to grant licences to manufacturers and dealers in tobacco and snuff, within the limits of the chief office of excise at Edinburgh.

32. An Act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy and victualling bills.

33. An Act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

34. An Act for enabling the magistrates, in the several counties in Great Britain, to raise and levy, under certain regulations, such able-bodied and idle persons as shall be found within the said counties, to serve in his Majesty's navy.

35. An Act for making allowances, in certain cases, to subaltern officers of the militia, in time of peace.

36. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

37. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

38. An Act to continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; to the discontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease; and to the prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets; and for making perpetual an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prohibit the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers or workmen employed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond the seas.

39. An Act for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in carrying on the Pennygored works, in the county of Pembroke.

40. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant to the right honourable John earl of Upper Offory in the kingdom of Ireland, baron Upper Offory, of Ampthill, in the county of Bedford, his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, all the estate, right, title, and interest, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the haye or walk of Farming Woods, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, and also the reversion of certain offices, rents, and other hereditaments in the said county of Northampton, to which the said earl of Upper Offory is entitled for three lives, under a grant from his present Majesty, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same.

41. An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting new piers and quays therein; and for regulating ships and vessels trading into, and going out of the said harbour.

42. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of three several acts, made in the sixth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the First, in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer, vended or sold within the town of Montrose and privileges thereof, for supplying the said town with fresh water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

43. An Act for making a navigable cut from the Grand Junction Canal, in the precinct of Norwood, in the county of Middlesex, to Paddington, in the said county.

44. An Act to enable the most noble Francis duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable cut from his present navigation in the township of Worsley, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the township of Pennington, near the town of Leigh, in the said county.

45. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act, made and passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in repair, Finsbury Square, in the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex, and part of the manor of Finsbury, and certain other streets and places communicating with or near to the said square; and for preventing or removing nuisances and annoyances within the same.

46. An Act for laying out and making a new street from White friar Gate to the south end of Quay Street, within the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

47. An Act for taking down the chapel of the chapelry of Haydon, in the parish of Warden, in the county of Northumberland, and for building a new chapel, in a convenient situation, within the said chapelry.

48. An Act for amending two acts of the thirtieth year of King George the Second, and the thirty-second year of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, within the township or hamlet of March, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued for using hair powder.

50. An Act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for giving further time to such persons as have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants.

51. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town and county of the town of Southampton to the city of New Sarum in the county of Wilts, with a collateral branch to Northam within the liberties of the town of Southampton.

52. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Thames or Isis, at or near the town of Abingdon, in the county of Berks, to join or communicate with the Rennet and Avon canal, at or near the town of Trowbridge, in the county of Wilts; and also certain navigable cuts therein described.

53. An Act for further regulating the sending and receiving letters free from the duty of postage; for allowing non-commissioned officers, seamen, and private men, in the navy and army, whilst on service, to send and receive letters at a low rate of postage; and for permitting patterns and samples of goods to be transmitted by the port at an easier rate than is now allowed by law.

54. An Act for the encouragement of the mackerel fishery.

55. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on receipts.

56. An Act to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries.

57. An Act to indemnify governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

58. An Act for requiring all boats, barges, and other vessels, of certain descriptions, used on navigable rivers, and on inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

59. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of British made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to amend an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland, and the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time.

60. An Act for applying certain sums of money raised in the county of Stafford by virtue of several acts of parliament made respecting the militia of this kingdom.

61. An Act for repealing an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual assessing and collecting of the rates for the relief of the poor in the parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopsgate, in the liberties of the city of London; for providing a workhouse for the reception of the poor of the said parish; and for the employment, maintenance, and regulation, of the said poor therein.

62. An Act to enable his Majesty's postmaster general to open and return certain letters contained in the mails, made up at the general post office in London, for the United Provinces, on the thirteenth, sixteenth, and twentieth days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and now remaining in the said general post office.

63. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on sea insurances.

64. An Act for increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers, and others, on quartering soldiers, for a limited time.

65. An Act to prevent unnecessary delay in the execution of writs for the election of members to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

66. An Act for making part of certain principal sums, or stock and annuities, raised or created, or to be raised or created, by the parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, on loans for the use of the government of that kingdom, transferable, and the dividends on such stock and annuities payable, at the bank of England; and for the better security of the proprietors of such stocks and annuities, and of the governor and company of the bank of England.

67. An Act for rendering more effectual an act passed in the first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act to restrain all persons from marriage until their former wives and former husbands be dead.

68. An Act for vesting, for a certain term of years, in the right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the sole property of a kiln or oven, by him invented, for burning lime, and for the use of distillers and brewers, and for other beneficial purposes.

69. An Act for repealing so much of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to grant to the heirs of the former proprietors, upon certain terms and conditions, the forfeited estates in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board of trustees by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said act, as relates to the amount of the debt charged upon the lands and estate which became forfeited by the attainder of Evan Macpherson, late of Cluny.

70. An Act for amending an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for taking down the church and tower belonging to the parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the county of Middlesex; and for building another church and tower for the use of the said parish; and for making an additional cemetry or church yard; and for raising a further sum of money for completing the said church, and other works.

71. An Act for building a new church or chapel in the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York.

72. An Act for making a navigable cut from the Stratford-upon-Avon canal, in the parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham canal, in the manor of Kingswood, in the county of Warwick.

73. An Act for repealing several acts, made in the eighth, tenth, thirteenth, and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the county of Middlesex, and for the better relief and maintenance of the poor thereof, and for divers other purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual provision for those purposes.

74. An Act for keeping in repair the footways in the high street of the town of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, and for lighting and watching the said street, and also certain courts and alleys communicating therewith, and for removing and preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

75. An Act for paving the footways, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the streets, lanes, passages, and places, within the borough of Wallingford, in the county of Berks, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein.

76. An Act for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the streets, lanes, and other publick passages, of the city of Aberdeen, and the roads and avenues within the royalty thereof; for the better supplying the inhabitants with fresh water, and for the removing and preventing all obstructions and annoyances within the said city and royalty.

77. An Act for improving the drainage of the middle and south levels, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and the low lands adjoining or near to the said levels; as also the lands adjoining or near to the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, draining through the same to sea, by the harbour of King's Lynn, in the said county; and for altering and improving the navigation of the said river Ouze, from or near a place called Eau Brink, in the parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said county, to the said harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the navigation of the several rivers communicating with the said river Ouze.

78. An Act for building a bridge over the river Severn, at Bewdley, in the county of Worcester, and for opening convenient avenues thereto.

79. An Act for amending an act passed in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for building a bridge over the river Thames, at the town of Henley-upon-Thames, in the county of Oxford, and making commodious avenues thereto, for widening some part of the high street and the market place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the footways in, and removing nuisances, obstructions, and annoyances from, the said town, so far as the same relates to widening some part of the high street and market place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the footways in, and removing nuisances, obstructions, and annoyances from, the said town.

80. An Act to make further provision respecting ships and effects come into this kingdom to take the benefit of his Majesty's orders in council, of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and to provide for the disposal of other ships and effects detained in, or brought into, the ports of this kingdom.

81. An Act to apportion the relief, by the several statutes now in force, directed to be given to the families of non-commissioned officers, drummers, fifers, and privates, serving in the militia, between the county at large, and the peculiar districts therein not contributing to the county rate, according to the number of men serving for each in such militia; and to remove certain difficulties in respect to the relief of families of substitutes, hired men, or volunteers, serving in the militia.

82. An Act for inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving, the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, wastes, and other uninclosed grounds, within the township of Gainsburgh, in the parish of Gainsburgh, in the county of Lincoln; and also for making a compensation for the tythes arising within the said township, and within the lordship of Thonock, in the said parish.

83. An Act for augmenting the royal corps of artillery, and providing seafaring men for the service of the navy, out of the private men now serving in the militia; and to amend an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England.

84. An Act for continuing several acts, passed for the better regulation of lastage and ballastage in the river Thames.

85. An Act for making and extending a navigable cut from the town of Watford, in the county of Hertford, to the town of Saint Alban, in the same county.

86. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several acts, of the sixteenth and seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the seventh of his present Majesty, relating to the navigation of the river Itchin, in the county of Southampton, and for improving the navigation thereof, and for ascertaining the rates of carriage, riverage, and wharfage, payable thereon.

87. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke-upon-Trent, in the county of Stafford, to the town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, in the said county.

88. An Act to remedy certain omissions in an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the discharge of certain insolvent debtors.

89. An Act for making perpetual an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the payment of the duties in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors, there used in the distillation of spirits, and for regulating the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidstone geneva; and to make perpetual the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, upon worts, wash, and other liquors, for extracting spirits for home consumption.

90. An Act for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

91. An Act to amend an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen; and for repealing so much of the said act as restrains them from selling goods, wares, or merchandize, within a certain distance from any city or market town.

92. An Act for further encouraging and regulating the southern whale fisheries.

93. An Act for guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of four millions six hundred thousand pounds to the emperor of Germany.

94. An Act for establishing a more easy and expeditious method for the punctual and frequent payment of the wages and pay of certain officers belonging to his Majesty's navy.

95. An Act to enable boatswains, gunners, and carpenters, serving in his Majesty's navy, to allot part of their wages or pay for the maintenance of their wives and families.

96. An Act for the relief of persons detained in gaol for want of bail, in certain cases relating to the publick revenue.

97. An Act to declare that hides and skins, tanned by a new method, shall be deemed tanned hides and skins within the meaning of the acts relating to the duties of excise on hides and skins tanned in Great Britain.

98. An Act for allowing further time for the payment of the drawback on China ware, imported by the East India company, before the first day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

99. An Act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

100. An Act for permitting the importation of organzined thrown silk, flax, and flax seed, into this kingdom, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time.

101. An Act to prevent the removal of poor persons, until they shall become actually chargeable.

102. An Act for the more effectual prevention of the use of defective weights, and of false and unequal balances.

103. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of certain lands or grounds situate at or near Painshill, in the several parishes of Cobham, Walton, and Wisley, in the county of Surrey, to George Chamberlaine esq. George Bond esq. one of his Majesty's serjeants at law, and sir Samuel Hayes baronet, of the kingdom of Ireland, upon the trusts declared by the will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins esq, deceased, of and concerning his estate at Painshill aforesaid.

104. An Act for enabling the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and other the governors of Christs Hospital, to purchase houses and ground for enlarging Christs Hospitals in London, and at Hertford, and erecting additional buildings thereto, and for other purposes.

105. An Act for improving and supporting the navigation of the river Ivel, otherwise Yeo, from the town of Ivelchester to Bicknell Bridge, in the parish of Huish Episcopi, in the county of Somerset, and for making a navigable cut from thence into a certain drain, called Portlake Rhine, in the parish of Langport, in the same county, and for making the said drain navigable from thence to the river Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, in the town of Langport.

106. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the powers of so much of two acts, passed in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving and completing the navigation of the rivers Thames and Isis, from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, as relates to the navigation of the said rivers, from the boundary of the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Staines, in the county of Middlesex, to the said town of Cricklade; and for extending and enlarging the powers of the said several acts, passed in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the navigation of the said rivers, from the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Staines, in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

107. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, the commons and waste grounds within the several parishes of Hepworth, Haxey, Belton, and Owston, in the isle of Axholme, in the county of Lincoln, and also for making a compensation for the tythes arising from the said commons, and from certain other lands within the said parishes.

108. An Act for amending an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for building a bridge across the river Severn, near Redstone, in the county of Worcester, and for making proper avenues and roads to and from the same, and for making satisfaction to the proprietors of a ferry across the said river at Redstone, aforesaid, and for enabling the trustees for executing the said act to rebuild the said bridge.

109. An Act for repealing so much of an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several additional rates and duties upon horses, and carriages with four wheels; and far explaining and amending an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or three wheels therein mentioned, as relates to the additional duties upon coaches with four wheels, used as stage coaches; and for reducing the duties upon carriages with less than four wheels, mostly used in the affairs of husbandry, or for the purposes of trade.

110. An Act to amend an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar; and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign ships; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars exported in any other than British ships.

111. An Act for more effectually carrying into execution an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement and relief of friendly societies, and for extending so much of the powers thereof as relates to the framing rules and regulations for the better management of the funds of such societies, and the appointment of treasurers to other institutions of a charitable nature.

112. An Act for allowing further time for persons to take out certificates for using or wearing hair powder, in pursuance of an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued for using hair powder; and also further time for the admeasurement and registering of boats, barges, and other vessels, in pursuance of another act of the same session, intituled An act for requiring all boats, barges, and other vessels, of certain descriptions, used on navigable rivers, and on inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

113. An Act for the more effectual prevention of selling ale, and other liquors, by persons not duly licensed.

114. An Act for better securing the duties on glass.

115. An Act for allowing, for a limited time, the importation of goods from India and China, and other parts within the limits of the exclusive trade of the East India company, in ships not of British-built, nor registered as such, and for the exportation of goods from Great Britain by the same ships, under certain restrictions.

116. An Act to remove doubts arising from the construction of certain acts of this session of parliament, respecting the duties of excise thereby granted on wash, coffee, cocoa nuts, foreign spirits, wines, and sweets.

117. An Act for allowing the importation of rape seed, and other feeds used for extracting oil, from any country whatever, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be above a certain limit.

118. An Act for charging warehouse rent on wines, in certain cases, secured in his Majesty's warehouses; for equalizing the duties on wines exported to India and China; and for providing warehouses for coffee and cocoa nuts imported into this kingdom.

119. An Act to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran; and for permitting home-made spirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home consumption, on payment of duty.

120. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

121. An Act to explain and amend an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy, and for making further provisions for those purposes; and also an act, made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy; and for the better encouragement of seamen for his Majesty's navy.

122. An Act to enable his Majesty, under certain regulations, to erect independent burghs of barony, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for removing certain difficulties as to the granting of leases in towns and villages on the fishing coasts of that kingdom.

123. An Act for the more easy and expeditious recovery of small debts, and determining small causes arising out of personal contract or obligation, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

124. An Act to enable woolcombers to exercise trades in any town or place in Great Britain.

125. An Act for preventing the accumulation of debts by any future heir apparent of the crown; and for regulating the mode of expenditure, from the time when a separate establishment shall be made for such future heir apparent.

126. An Act for widening and improving the entrance into the city of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious street or passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the credit of the orphans fund, a sum of money for those purposes.

127. An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the purposes, and in the manner therein mentioned.

128. An Act for allowing a further annuity to the subscribers the sum of eighteen millions, authorised to be raised for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

129. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity on his royal highness the Prince of Wales, during the joint lives of his Majesty and of his said royal highness; for making provision, out of his revenues, for the payment of any debts that may be due from his royal highness; for preventing the accumulation of debts in future; and for regulating the mode of expenditure of the said revenues.

130. An Act for the better enabling his Majesty to make provision for a sure and certain jointure for her royal highness the Princess of Wales, for the term of her life.

131. An Act for repairing the common sewer in New Bridge-street Black Friars, in the city of London, or making a new sewer instead of the defective part or parts thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the same.

132. An Act for continuing an Act of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston, in the county of Suffolk.

133. An Act to amend and render effectual so much of an act, of the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty, as relates to improving the entrance into the city of Worcester, from the London and Upton roads.

134. An Act to continue the term, and enlarge the powers of, two acts, made in the seventh and thirty-first years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from that part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the parish of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, leading through the towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the powder mills, in the road to Staines; and to Cranford Bridge, in the said county, in the road to Colnbrook; and fot repairing, turning, or altering, the highway leading from the said road, at or near the end of Sion Lane, to the town of Isleworth, in the said county, and from thence to a gate on the south side of Teddington Field; and also the highway leading out of the said great road, near Smallberry Green turnpike, to a house known by the sign of The George, in the town of Isleworth aforesaid; and for lighting and watering part of the said highways.

135. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of certain acts for repairing several roads in the west riding of the county of York, so far as relates to the road from Keighley to Bradford.

136. An Act for repairing and widening the road from Horseley Upright Gate, leading from Bowden Hill, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Kingsdown Hill, in the parish of Box, in the said county, and several other roads near or adjoining thereto.

137. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from Mumps Brooks within Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to Ripponden, in the west riding of the county of York, and a branch therefrom, at or near Denshaw, to or near to Brownhill, and another branch therefrom, at or near Grains, to Delph, all within Saddleworth, in the said riding.

138. An Act for repairing and widening the road from Preston Candover to Basingstoke, in the county of Southampton, and from thence to Alton, in the said county.

139. An Act for continuing the term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the powers of two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high roads from Darlington to West Auckland, in the county of Durham, and several other roads in the same county, therein mentioned.

140. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of several acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the First, and the fifteenth and thirty-first years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge, in the county of Gloucester, and certain other roads therein mentioned.

141. An Act to enlarge the term and powers of two several acts, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said county.

142. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other roads in the county of Middlesex, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

143. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Ludlowfach, in the county of Carmarthen, to the town of Llandovery, and from thence, through the town of Llangadock, to the river Amman, and several other roads communicating therewith.

144. An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of so much of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from a certain dwelling house in Bury, now or late in the occupation of William Walker, gentleman, to Hailingden, and from thence to the east end of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn; and also the road from Haslingden aforesaid, to the east end of Cockshut Bridge, in the town of Walley; and also the road from Haslingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmorden; and for making a road from the said road between Bury and Haslingden, in the township of Walmersley, to the river Irwell, and for building a bridge over the said river, all in the county palatine of Lancaster, as relates to the first district of road therein mentioned.

145. An Act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the roads from Wigan to Preston, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

146. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Burnley, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the turnpike road leading from Bury to Haslingden, at or near Edenfield Chapel, in the township of Tottington Higher End, in the same county.

147. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the hamlet of Highgate, in the county of Middlesex, through a certain lane called Maiden Lane, in the parish of Saint Mary, Islington, to a certain place called Battle Bridge, in the same county, and the several other highways and foot paths in the said parish of Saint Mary, Islington, (which are not included in any turnpike acts), and to enable the inhabitants of the said parish to raise money for that and other the purposes therein mentioned.

148. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the road leading from The Way Post at the north-east end of the town of Bedford, in the county of Bedford, to the north-east end of a lane, in the parish of Kimbolton, in the county of Huntingdon, called The Park Lane.

149. An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading out of the turnpike road between Aylesbury and Wendover, through Princes Risborough, to West Wycombe, in the county of Buckingham.

150. An Act to continue, extend, and enlarge, the term and powers of an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the new bridge over the water of Almond, on the confines of the counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the county of Lanark, and certain branches of road from the said line of road, and for the other purposes mentioned in the said act.

151. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Kighley to Halifax, in the west riding of the County of York, and several other roads therein respectively described, so far as the said act relate to the road from Kighley to Halifax aforesaid.

152. An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the road leading from the great north road, in the town of Stamford and county of Lincoln, through the town of Oakham, to the great north road aforesaid, at or near a house called The Cross Guns, in the parish of Greetham and county of Rutland.

153. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Towcester to the turnpike road in Cotton End in the parish of Hardingston, in the county of Northampton.

154. An Act to enlarge the term and powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from The White Stoop, near the north end of the town of Derby, through the towns of Duffield and Chesterfield, in the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield, in the county of York, and from the said town of Duffield to The Moot Hall, in the town of Worksworth, in the said county of Derby.

155. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, and of another act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said act, and of another act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to the district of roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and for altering and ascertaining the course of the last mentioned district of road, so far as the same relate to the said road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow; and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the said road, and the road branching from the aforesaid road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading to Calder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Balmore, to or near the church of New Kilpatrick, and from thence, by or near Lawmuir, to the town of Old Kilpatrick, beginning at the bridge across the Allander, on the road from Longbank Farm, by Balmulie Bridge to Glasgow on the east, and ending at the said town of Old Kilpatrick on the west, and the road branching from the aforesaid road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present turnpike road leading to Cumbernauld.

156. An Act for amending and repairing the road from the Neath turnpike road at or near Abernant, through Merthyr Tidvill, in the county of Glamorgan, to join the publick roads near Rhyd y Blew, in the county of Brecon.

157. An Act for continuing the term, and varying and altering the powers, of two acts, passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from the east end of Brumpton High Lane to the town of Richmond, and from thence to the town of Lancaster; and for repairing the road leading from Richmond, through Gilling, Melsonby, and Aldbrough, to Lucy otherwise Lousy Cross, and from Gilling through Gilling Town Lane, to the turnpike road on Gatherley Moor; and for turning and diverting the said road, from the east end of the town of Bainbridge, to and through the town of Hawes, and up the vale of Widdel, to Gearstones otherwise Graystones; and for making, widening, and keeping in repair, that part of the said road; and for discharging the trustees from the reparation of that part of the said road which extends from the east end of the town of Bainbridge, over the mountain Camm, to Greenside Gate, and from thence to Gearstones otherwise Graystones; and also from the reparation of that part of the said roads which lies between the east end of Brumpton High Lane, and the town of Richmond aforesaid.

158. An Act for repairing the damage done by the late floods to certain bridges, and to the road, near the town of Doncaster; and for making the said bridges and road safe and commodious for travellers.

159. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of three several acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Ealand to the town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

160. An Act for enlarging the terms and powers of three acts, made in the eighth and twenty-seventh years of his late majesty King George the Second, and the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Rochdale, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the county of York.

161. An Act for making and repairing certain roads in the county of Aberdeen.

162. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Basingstone, near the town of Bagshot, in the parish of Windlesham, in the county of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same county, and from thence through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley otherwise Matterley Lane, to the city of Winchester, in the county of Southampton.

163. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of several acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, the sixteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Luton, in the county of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said county; and from Luton, to Saint Alban's, in the county of Hertford.

164. An Act for continuing the term, and repealing the powers, of two acts, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county of York, through the towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Castleton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the county of Derby; and from the guide post near Barber's Fields Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Tideswell, Hardgate-wall, and Fairfield, to a house known by the sign of The Angel, in Buxton, in the county of Derby; and for granting further and other powers for that purpose.

165. An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from The Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Wrotham, in the county of Kent, and from thence to Foot's Cray, and from the said Royal Oak to the town of Maidstone, in the said county; and for making a road from the said road between Wrotham and Maidstone into the present turnpike road leading from Mereworth to Hadlow, in the said county.

166. An Act to enable the commissioners and trustees for executing an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for draining, preserving, and improving, certain lands lying in the several parishes of Spalding (including the hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill), Weston, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the county of Lincoln, to support and repair a certain bank extending from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, in the said county, and to amend and repair the road thereupon; and for compounding with the creditors under an act passed in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, for making and keeping in repair the said road.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 35 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Peter Dubbeldemuts Van Dyck.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the County of Worcester.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Great Barr and Aldridge, in the Parish of Aldridge, in the County of Stafford.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bishampton, in the County of Worcester.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called North Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of North Petherton, in the County of Somerset.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Martin Stanford Baron, in the County of Northampton.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands in the Townships of Prees, Darkstone, Fauls, Mickley, Willaston, Morton Say, Longford, and Stanton upon Hineheath, in the County of Salop.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bridge Casterton, in the County of Rutland.

9. An Act for naturalizing John Christopher Cankrien.

10. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Albert Winzer and Simon Maurice Bethmann.

11. An Act for naturalizing John Van Yzendoorn, an Infant, of the Age of twelve Years.

12. An Act for naturalizing Peter Schmidtmeyer.

13. An Act for naturalizing Matthew Wiss.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Downs, and all the Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Cold-Aston, otherwise Aston-Blank, in the County or Gloucester.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Township of Penley, in the County of Flint.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Winterborne Earls, and Allington, in the County of Wilts.

17. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Brecks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Bintry and Twyford, in the County of Norfolk.

18. An Act for Sale of an Estate in the City of Hereford, given by William Brydges Esquire, for certain Charitable Purposes, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale to the like Purposes.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Precincts of Westcott Barton, and within the Liberty and Precincts of Middle Barton, in the Parish of Steeple Barton, in the County of Oxford.

20. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Somerset.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Wigginton, in the County of Oxford.

22. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor of Banwell, in the County of Somerset.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of East Lexham and Great Dunham, in the County of Norfolk.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Great Catworth, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, of Wornditch, in the Parish of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon.

26. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Palmer Esquire, in Sonning, in the County of Berks, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses in the Will of his late Father Robert Palmer Esquire, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in Sonning aforesaid, and Hurst, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

27. An Act for effect dating an Exchange between the Rector of the Parish of Saint Leonard, in the County of Devon, and John Baring Esquire, and also between the Vicar of the Parish of Heavitree, in the same County, and the said John Baring.

28. An Act for vesting the Mansion House called Soddylt Hall, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of Roger Jennings the younger, Esquire, deceased, with the Appurtenances, in Trustees, in Fee Simple in Possession, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, and for Sale thereof, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale.

29. An Act for discharging the Barton of Penwerris, and Lands at and near Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, Part of the settled Estates of Sir Francis Basset, of Tehidy Park, in the County of Cornwall, Baronet, from the several Uses, Estates, and Trusts to which the same now stand limited, and for settling a Manor and other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

30. An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant certain Estates in the Isle of Ely, now holden under three Leases in Several smaller Parcels by separate Leases.

31. An Act to enable William Bamford Esquire, and other Persons, after his Death, to grant Building Leases of certain Parts of his settled Estates in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, reserving Rents.

32. An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates late of Sir Thomas Kyffin Knight, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay and discharge his Mortgage and Specialty Debts, and for other Purposes.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and in the Parish of Steeple Claydon, in the County of Bucks.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Newton Regis otherwise Newton in the Thistles, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, or one of them, and also a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground called Clifton Heath, in the Parishes of Newton Regis otherwise Newton in the Thistles, aforesaid, and Clifton Campville, in the County of Stafford, or one of them.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Aston Abbots, in the County of Buckingham.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, within the Township of Holme upon the Wolds, in the Parish of Holme upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Padbury, in the County of Buckingham.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Trinley otherwise Tirley, in the County of Gloucester.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cheddar, in the County of Somerset.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in that Part of the Parish of Wroughton, in the County of Wilts, which is situate, lying, and being, in the Hundred of Elstub and Everley.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Nottingham.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Townships or Hamlets of Caunton, Beesthorpe, Earlshaw, and Knapthorpe, and for exonerating the said Townships or Hamlets, and also the Hamlet of Dean Hall, all in the Parish of Caunton, in the County of Nottingham, from the Payment of Tithes.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Henlow, in the County of Bedford.

44. An Act to enable Sir Henry Vane Baronet, to take the Surname and Arms of Tempest, pursuant to the Will of John Tempest Esquire, deceased.

45. An Act for naturalizing Jacqueline Charlotte Comtesse de Hompesch and James Charles Philip Bouwens.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Birstal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ratley, in the County of Warwick.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pasture Land in the Parish of Wintringham, in the County of Lincoln, called The Cow Pasture, comprizing or including certain Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of Wintringham, called The Marsh, Rotten Sykes, Low Groves, and Western Greens, and other Land or Ground lying between the same Pasture and the River Humber; and for dividing, inclosing, and apportioning certain other Pieces of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the same Parish, called The Composition Closes and Hall Closes, and for other Purposes.

49. An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to exchange certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate in the Shire of Argyll, for certain other Lands in the same Shire, belonging to himself in Fee Simple, and to Archibald Munro.

50. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Henry Gally Esquire, situate in the County of Huntingdon, in him and his Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate of greater Value, in the County of York, to be settled in lieu of the said Estate in the County of Huntingdon.

51. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Robert Rushbrooke Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, in the Most Noble Charles Marquis Cornwallis, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of equal Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same.

52. An Act for vesting the settled Estates, late of John Dolphin Esquire, deceased, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Portions of the younger Children of the said John Dolphin, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, Crumpsall, and Tetlow, in the County of Lancaster, called Clarke's Charity Lands, to make Leases for Years upon Rack Rents, and also to grant Building Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all or any Part of the said Lands under reserved Yearly Rents.

54. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Smith, formerly of London, Merchant, for charitable Purposes, in Trustees, to be sold to John Pardoe Esquire, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and for regulating the Charity established by the said Will.

55. An Act for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates of Sir Edward Knatchbull Baronet, Sir Joseph Banks Baronet, and Dame Dorothea his Wife, and Sir Henry Thomas Gott Knight, situate in the Counties of Kent and Sussex.

56. An Act for dividing and leasing, or letting, certain Commons or Waste Grounds within the Borough and Township of Congleton, in the County of Chester, and for applying the Profits of Part of the same in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes or Public Expences, within the said Township.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Townships of Marcle, Wolton, and Kinaston, in the Parish of Much Marcle, in the County of Hereford.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Brigsock and Stanion, in the County of Northampton, and such Part of the Parish of Sudborough, in the same County, as is called Sudborough Green, and also for setting out and allotting Lands in lieu of, and Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Geddington Chase, in the said County of Northampton, and upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which is called The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such Common Rights.

59. An Act for naturalizing Felix Vincent Raper.

60. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Egerton Brydges Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Kent, and City of Canterbury, in Trustees, to sell or exchange the same, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale or Exchange in the Purchase of other Freehold Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

61. An Act for investing certain Estates of William Tovey the Elder, and William Tovey the younger, situate in the County of Warwick, in Dennis Dolan and Henry Maddock, and their Heirs, in Trust, to sell, for the Purposes therein mentioned, such Estates having been heretofore conveyed to the said Dennis Dolan and John Finch, and their Heirs, as Trustees, for the like Purposes, and the said John Finch having become Bankrupt and absconded from this Kingdom before Sale thereof.

62. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by William Hulme Esquire, to grant Building Leases thereof, and to increase the Number of Exhibitioners to Brazen Nose College, in Oxford, founded by the said Testator, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to enable the Trustees to convey in Fee, or grant Leases for Lives, or for long Terms of Years, with or without Covenants for Renewal, or for perpetual Renewal, under reserved Yearly Rents, the said Trust Estates; and to enable the Trustees to apply the Trust Monies in making such Allowance to the Exhibitioners as may be thought proper, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for vesting detached Parts of the devised Estates of John Maddison Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Produce, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Fields, Lot Ground, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Ground, in Wootton and Boreshill, in the Parish of Cumner, in the County of Berks.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Osbournby, in the County of Lincoln, and a Plot of Half Years Meadow Land, called Mickling Meadow, in the Parishes of Newton and Scot Willoughby, or one of them, in the said County.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Scartho, in the County of Lincoln.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Brecks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sedgeford, in the County of Norfolk.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hagworthingham, in the County of Lincoln.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows, Common Stinted Pasture, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Lordship of Swarby, in the County of Lincoln.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton Socon, in the County of Bedford.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, in the Parishes of Hillingdon and Cowley, in the County of Middlesex.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Abbotts Bromley, otherwise Pagets Bromley, in the County of Stafford.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields within the Hamlets of Upper Eatington and Fulready, in the Parish of Lower Eatington, in the County of Warwick, and for taking down and rebuilding the Church of the said Parish.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Barlbrough, in the County of Derby.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bisbrooke, in the County of Rutland; and for dividing a certain Common, called Liddington Common, adjoining or lying near to the said Manor, between the several Manors or Liberties to which the same belongs; and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common upon the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands within the Manor of Seaton, in the said County.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of North Leverton and Hablcesthorpe otherwise Apesthorpe, in the County of Nottingham.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South Leverton, in the County of Nottingham.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Crawley otherwise Husborne Crawley, in the County of Bedford.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kirkby in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham.

80. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Hockham, in the County of Norfolk.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Barnard Castle, in the Parish of Gainford, and County of Durham, called Barnard Castle Moor, The Little Moor, Glenton Green, and The Baiting Steads.

82. An Act for effectuating an Agreement entered into between Charles Chaplin Esquire, and the Master of the Hospital of Saint Michael the Archangel, at Well, in the County of York, and the Vicar of the Parish of Well aforesaid, for making certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parish, and in the Hamlet of Snape, within the same, subject to certain Trusts, Rights, or Interests, in favour of the said Hospital, and to an Annual Portion or Payment to the Vicar of Well in lieu of other Lands and Tithes at Well and Snape aforesaid, and Masham, in the said County.

83. An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands, in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon.

84. An Act for vesting a certain Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend William Goddard, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, for Sale, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the same, and the remaining Part of the said settled Estates, and for vesting the Surplus of the Money arising from the Sale thereof (if any) in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estates now stand limited.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Poulton, in the County of Wilts.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hasfield, in the County of Gloucester.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Closes, Commonable Lands, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Saint Paul, Saint Peter, and Saint Cuthbert, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.

88. An Act to enable Patrick Murray Threipland, and the Heirs of Entail in the Lands and Estate of Barnhill, to exchange the said Lands and Estate of Barnhill, lying in the County of Perth, for certain Parts of the Lands and Estate of Fingask, lying within the said County of Perth, belonging to Stuart Threipland, of Fingask, Physician in Edinburgh, in Life-rent, and the said Patrick Murray Threipland in Fee.

89. An Act for Sale of an Estate in the Parish of Bentworth, in the County of Southampton, which has been purchased with a Legacy given by the Will of Richard Aldworth Esquire, deceased, for certain charitable Purposes, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale for the like Purposes.

90. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between the Right Honourable Thomas Conolly, Henry Vernon Esquire, Leveson Vernon Esquire, and Richard William Howard Vyse an Infant, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, (heretofore the Estate of the Right Honourable William Earl of Strafford, deceased,) in the several Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Suffolk, Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and the City of London.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor, Township, and Parish of Swillington, in the West Riding of the County of York.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste. Grounds, within the Parish of Woodborough, in the County of Nottingham.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Chapelry of Chastisley otherwise Chaceley, in the County of Worcester.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heaths, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ropsley, and in the Liberties or Townships of Great Humby and Little Humby in the County of Lincoln.

95. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kelshall, in the County of Hertford.

96. An Act for naturalising John Lewis Moilliet.

97. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pasture, Waste, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish or Lordship of Londonthorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Barony of Greystoke, in the County of Cumberland.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Heaths, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberties of Spittlegate, Houghton, and Walton, in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, Common Fields, and Mesne inclosures, within the Manor and Parish of Eckington, in the County of Derby.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of East Stoke and Elston, in the County of Nottingham, and for ascertaining the Boundaries between the said Parishes.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Harlaxton, in the County of Lincoln.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Millbrooke, in the County of Bedford.

104. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and such other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds as are within, and solely belonging to, the Lordship of Owmby, in the Parish of Searby, in the County of Lincoln.

105. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Stratton Saint Margaret, in the County of Wilts.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Parndon, in the County of Essex.

107. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground called Edgworth Moor, in the Township of Edgworth, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

108. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Lordship or Liberty of Aldridge, otherwise Aldrich, in the County of Stafford.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Ravensthorpe, in the County of Northampton.

111. An Act for naturalizing Peter Boileau.

112. An Act for enlarging the Time, and reviving certain Powers, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District, called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the eleven Constableries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;' and, by an Act of the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for amending the said former Act, and for making the said two Acts more effectual.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 36 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

3. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn, and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty.

4. An Act to continue an Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time.

5. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Candles, Tallow, and Soap, for a limited Time.

6. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, from Wheat, and other Articles of Food; and for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof.

7. An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts.

8. An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

9. An Act to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain within the Kingdom.

10. An Act for the better Relief of the Poor, within several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor; and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, within the said several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor.

11. An Act for embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, a certain Stinted Pasture, called Lancaster Marsh, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

12. An Act for raising the Sum of eighteen Millions by way of Annuities.

13. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff.

14. An Act for granting to His Majesty further additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned.

15. An Act for granting to His Majesty New Duties on certain Horses, not charged with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules.

16. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, or drawing certain Carriages, therein mentioned.

17. An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences to Persons using or exercising the Business of a Horse Dealer, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

18. An Act for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar.

19. An Act for determining the present Allowances for Waste on Salt carried Coastwise, and for reducing the respective Times of Payment of the Duties on Salt.

20. An Act to continue, for a further limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of the Duty; and to prohibit the Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes.

21. An Act for allowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, or other Ships, the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

22. An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread.

23. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor, as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain cases.

24. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

25. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts, and other Works, authorized to be made and done by them, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament.

26. An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire.

27. An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of the London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire.

28. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

29. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

30. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

31. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of two millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

32. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

33. An Act for extending the Term of the Tax on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, granted by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining or near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea by the Harbour of King’s Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King’s Lynn; and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze.

34. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to raise a certain Sum of Money for discharging some Arrears of Interest, and other Debts relating thereto, and to maintain and support the said Navigation.

35. An Act to enable the Trustees for executing an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London; and for providing a Workhouse for the same; to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act.

36. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

37. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent.

38. An Act for rendering effectual an Act of the thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Places united therewith, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop.

39. An Act to amend an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called England.

40. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships in their Voyages; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the Free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; and to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England.

41. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

42. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same; and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

43. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for holding a public Market in the said Vill.

44. An Act to vary and alter the Line of the Canal, authorized to be made by an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath; and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described; and to amend the said Act; and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described.

45. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, paving, and cleansing, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein,

46. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Exe near the Town of Topsham, in the County of Devon, to the River Tone, near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and for cleansing and making navigable a certain Part of the said River Tone; and for making certain Cuts from the said Canal.

47. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from or near Gain's Cross, in the Parish of Shillingston Okeford, in the County of Dorset, to communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal at or near Widbrook, in the County of Wilts, and also a certain Navigable Branch from the intended Canal.

48. An Act to vary and alter the Line of a Canal authorized to be made by an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with certain Railways, and Stone Roads, from several Collieries in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, and to alter and amend the said Act.

49. An Act for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town of Folkestone, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

50. An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, and for more effectually cleansing the same, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

51. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Town of Beccles, in the County of Suffolk.

52. An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain cases.

53. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution an Order of His Majesty in Council respecting the Exportation of Rock Salt; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same; for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation or carrying coastwise of Rock Salt; and for making further Provisions relative thereto.

54. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the Laws now in being relative thereto.

55. An Act for making the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, a Free Port, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

56. An Act for amending an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for allowing Bounties for a limited Time, on the Importation into Great Britain, of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, or other Ships, the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption

57. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnifying Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Timelimited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

58. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

59. An Act for the more effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

60. An Act to regulate the making and vending of Metal Buttons; and to prevent the Purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real Quality of such Buttons.

61. An Act for further continuing and amending the several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary-le-Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

62. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to John Earl of Westmorland, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Hayes or Walks of Sulehay Fermes and Shortwood and Morehay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

63. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Earl of Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of Westhay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

64. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Lawn of Benefield, and the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

65. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and the Vestry Rooms belonging thereto; for repairing and reinstating the Iron Rails inclosing the Scite of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto; and for making several Regulations relating to the said Parish.

66. An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other Publick Passages and Places, within the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for better Supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act.

67. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Morwelham Quay, in the Parish of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, in the Parish of North Tamerton, in the County of Cornwall, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Powlson Bridge, in the Parish of Lifton, in the said County of Devon, to Richgrove Mill, in the Parish of Saint Stephen, near to the Borough of Launceston, in the said County of Cornwall.

68. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of Aberdeen, or Saint Nicholas, into the River Don, at or near the South End of the Bridge over the same (adjacent to the Royal Burgh of Inverurie) in the Parish of Kintore, all within the County of Aberdeen, North Britain.

69. An Act to amend an Act of the thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for extending the said Canal to a Place called The Lower Layer, below the said Town.

70. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same.

71. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the same from Franckton Common to Sherryman's Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith.

72. An Act for dividing, alloting, enclosing, draining, and preserving certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called The Hern Common, and Gore Common, within the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Warboys, Farceitt, Standground, and Water Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes.

73. An Act for laying an additional Tax upon the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and on Portsand, otherwise Great Porsand, in the County of Lincoln, for the further Support and Preservation of the principal Banks and Works of the said North Level.

74. An Act for raising the Sum of seven millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities.

75. An Act for further continuing for a limited Time an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies.

76. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have acted in consequence of Orders in Council, issued since the twenty-second Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships; and to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council for the like Purpose, for a limited Time.

77. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery.

78. An Act for charging the Duty on Mahogany imported by Weight.

79. An Act for reducing the Duty payable on Black Lead imported into this Kingdom.

80. An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Licences to sell Gloves and Mittens by Retail.

81. An Act for allowing the Importation of Melasses from any Country in British Ships or Vessels, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time.

82. An Act more effectually to prevent the Landing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without the Presence of the proper Officer; to authorise Officers of the Customs to convey Wines laying on the Quays to His Majesty's Warehouse within a certain Time after the Landing thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels, and Boats, licensed by the Admiralty, to give Security to redeliver their Licences, in case any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, shall be lost, broken up, or otherwise disposed of.

83. An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for making certain Regulations respecting the Appointment of such Curates, and the Admission of Persons to Cures augmented by Queen Anne's Bounty, with respect to the Avoidance of other Benefices.

84. An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

85. An Act for the better Regulation of Mills.

86. An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale, of Butter; and to repeal certain Acts relating thereto.

87. An Act for regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

88. An Act to regulate the Buying and Selling of Hay and Straw; and for repealing so much of two Acts, made in the second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the thirty-first Year of the Reign or King George the Second, as relate to the Buying and Selling of Hay and Straw, within the Limits therein mentioned.

89. An Act for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Duties on Salt, for their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office has been removed into Somerset Place, within the Dutchy Liberty in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex.

90. An Act for the Relief of Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to, or interested in, the several Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England.

91. An Act for dissolving a certain Partnership, Society, or Undertaking, called The Million Bank, and for dividing the Joint Stock and Funds belonging thereto, amongst the Members thereof.

92. An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, two several Acts, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands of Militia of the said City.

93. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles.

94. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from West End to Botley, in the County of Southampton.

95. An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston Canal Navigation to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the Act made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

96. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty-third year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Course of the said Canal and collateral Cuts between Ruabon and Chester, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and collateral Cuts to communicate therewith.

97. An Act to enable His Majesty, in Right of his Dutchy of Lancaster, to make a Grant of certain Lands, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and also another navigable Branch from, at, or near Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

98. An Act for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering and improving the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving certain low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Everton, Scaftworth, Gringley on the Hill, Mylerton, and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham.

100. An Act for draining and improving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting certain Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, called Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, lying within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, and for stinting and regulating the Stocking, Feeding, and Depasturing of the said Smeeth and Fen, until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Morton, Walkerith, East Stockwith, Bliton, Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the County of Lincoln.

102. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies within the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln.

103. An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Martin Outwich, in Threadneedle Street, within the City of London.

104. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

105. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

106. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships.'

107. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto.

108. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage.

109. An Act further to continue an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases.

110. An Act for permitting the carrying Coastwise of Lime, Limestone, Dung, and other Articles of Manure, without taking out Sufferance, Transire, or Let-pass.

111. An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Paper Manufactory.

112. An Act for authorizing His Majesty to order the registering, and the granting Certificates of Registry, to certain Ships and Vessels, the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, which had belonged to, or been in Possession of, the Enemy, and concerning which, Doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be registered according to the existing Laws in that Behalf.

113. An Act for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root from the British Plantations, and also of Linseed Cakes, and Rape Cakes, from any Foreign Country, in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, without Payment of Duty.

114. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England.'

115. An Act to enforce the due Execution of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

116. An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

117. An Act to exempt Dairies and Rooms used solely for making, keeping, and drying Cheese and Butter, from the Duties on Windows and Lights.

118. An Act to authorise the Sale of Fish at Billingsgate, by Retail.

119. An Act to enable the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the East India House, and to widen the North End of Lime Street.

120. An Act for cnabling the East India Company to perform an Engagement entered into by them with William Sabatier Gentleman, respecting the Importation of Cotton from the East Indies.

121. An Act for further continuing the Duty of one Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by two Acts passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York.

122. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills.

123. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines and British Sweets, and on Foreign Wines sold by Auction.

124. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Dogs.

125. An Act for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats.

126. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

127. An Act for enabling the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase Ground for building Warehouses upon, and to make a new Street from Petticoat Lane to White Street, instead of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane.

128. An Act to continue the Term of two Acts passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from The Well, at the North West End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Riverhill, in the Parish of Sevenoaks, in the said County.

129. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three Acts of the sixth and sixteenth Years of His late Majesty, and the second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Trades Mill in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County.

130. An Act for continuing the Term of certain Acts for repairing the Road from North Shields in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

131. An Act_ for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest to lead to certain Places in and near the same; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads leading from the said Forest to and through several Parts of the Parish of Newland, adjoining the said Forest, and also leading from the Bottom of a Place called The Viney Hill in the said Forest, to and through certain Parts of the Parishes of Lidney and Awre, adjoining the said Forest, in the said County of Gloucester.

132. An Act for making and repairing the Roads from the Bridge of Dee Southward through the County of Kincardine, to or near to the Town of Stonehaven, and from thence by Inverbervie and by Laurence Kirk, to the lower and upper Bridges over the River Northesk; and for making effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, and levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in certain cases, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing, High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Kincardine.

133. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Road from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter.

134. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth Year of His present Majesty, in as far as respects the Road from North Queensferry, in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Landing Places at the Queensferry.

135. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton.

136. An Act for making and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a Branch from the said Road to the Town of South Shields, all in the County of Durham.

137. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Colne to Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster.

138. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of three several Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrowgate, in the West Riding of the County of York.

139. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual two Acts made in the twenty ninth and thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth.

140. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts passed in the thirteenth Year of King George the First, the seventeenth Year of King George the Second and the seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge, which lies in the County of Bucks, and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Dachet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham.

141. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act made in the fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Old Stratford in the County of Northampton to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick.

142. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Turnpike Road in Little Yarmouth to the Turnpike Road at Blythburgh, and also the Road from Brampton to Halesworth, in the County of Suffolk.

143. An Act for repairing and amending the Road leading from Crossford Bridge within Stratford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham in the County Palatine of Chester.

144. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Market Cross in the Township of Clitheroe, to Salford Bridge in the Town of Blackburne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

145. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two several Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshall's Smithy upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane near Northwich in the said County of Chester.

146. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the several Roads in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from a Place called Streetway in the County of Stafford, through Wolverhampton to Wordsley Green Gate, and other Roads therein mentioned.

147. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelly, in the County of Merioneth;, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh.

148. An Act for altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from Macclesfield, by Broken Cross, to Congleton, all in the County Palatine of Chester.

149. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place, near Bolton in the Moors, to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post near Golbourne Dale to Winwick.

150. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of one of the said Roads, in the Village of Kirklington, to the Street Gate Road, and the Newark and Southwell Turnpike Road at Great Bridge, all in the County of Nottingham.

151. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stall Gate Close, at the South West End of the Town of Bedford, to the Town of Ampthill, and from the said Town of Ampthill to Woburn Park, in the County of Bedford, and also the Road branching out of the same, in Kempston Field, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin to the said Town of Bedford, except so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont Town to the Entrance of Woburn Park, at a Place called The Red Lodges; and for making and maintaining a Road from the South End of Ridgemont Town aforesaid, through Husborn Crawley, to the North End of the Town of Woburn, and for discontinuing the said Part of the said Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont to the Red Lodges aforesaid, and also for discontinuing the Highway from thence, through the said Park, to where it joins the Road leading from Woburn to Eversholt, all in the said County of Bedford.

152. An Act for raising, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End of the Bridge, commonly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the West End of Saint Mary's Church Yard, by Way of Hollow Stone, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town of Nottingham, and for erecting and maintaining such and so many Flood Bridges upon the said Road as may he necessary to carry off the Flood Water, and for widening and improving the Entrance into the Town of Nottingham by Way of Hollow Stone.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 36 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings or Hamlets of Mitchelmersh, Braishfield, and Awbridge, in the Manor and Parish of Mitchelmersh, and within the Manor and Parish of Timsbury, in the County of Southampton.

2. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Wakeman Esquire, with Theodosia Freeman his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

3. An Act for naturalizing Alexander Charles Boue and John Henry Charles Albrecht.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Freese.

5. An Act for naturalizing Petrus Wilhelmus Aloysius Pottgeisser.

6. An Act for naturalizing Marie Anne Blaauw, commonly called Maria Ann Blaauw.

7. An Act to exonerate the Estate of Sir Charles Rich Baronet, and Dame Mary Frances his Wife, situate in the County of Surrey, from certain Annuities, or Annual Sums, payable during the Life and for the Benefit of Sir George Rich Baronet, upon the Terms therein mentioned.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Alvescot, in the County of Oxford.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Tything of Awre, in the Parish of Awre, in the County of Gloucester.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, and Open Fields, within the several Parishes of Reymerstone, Letton, Cranworth, and Southberg, alias Barrow, in the County of Norfolk.

11. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Grounds and Places, of and within the Parish, Lordship, and Liberties of Dunton Basset, in the County of Leicester.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Great Woolstone, in the County of Buckingham.

13. An Act to obviate a Doubt touching the Validity of certain Parts of an Award, made in pursuance of an Act of the twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land, called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Northwold, in the County of Norfolk.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Nether Wallop, in the County of Southampton.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Waste Lands, Moors, and other Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Basing and Mapplederwell, in the County of Southampton.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Kedewen, Hopton, and Overgorther, in the County of Montgomery.

18. An Act for naturalizing John Diederich Lubbren.

19. An Act for naturalizing Maria Gordon, otherwise Allan, Spinster.

20. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Rebenack.

21. An Act for naturalizing Henry Augustus Corthym.

23. An Act for naturalizing John Justus Runkel.

23. An Act for naturalizing Henry Christian Reimer.

24. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Richard Grenville Nugent Temple, commonly called Earl Temple, and the Right Honourable Anna Eliza Brydges Spinster, commonly called Lady Anna Eliza Brydges, to make Settlements on the Marriage intended between them, notwithstanding their respective Minorities.

25. An Act for enabling the Trustees for Sale of certain Estates of Sir John Hollywood Baronet, which stood settled on him as Tenant for Life, unimpeachable for Waste, to sell the same Estates with the Timber and Underwood standing, and for allowing him to receive the Amount of such Timber and Underwood at a fais Valuation, and for debarring him from falling Timber, or committing Waste, on the Lands hereafter to be purchased

26. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, lying and being in that Part of the Manor of Elcombe which is situate within the Parish of Wroughton, and within the Tything of Uffcott, in the Parish of Broad Hinton, in the County of Wilts.

27. An Act for dividing a certain Heath, called Somersham Heath, in the County of Huntingdon, and for dividing and inclosing such Parts of the said Heath as shall be allotted to the Parishes of Woodhurst, Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton, and also the Open Fields and Commonable Lands within the said Parishes.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Kimberworth, in the Parish of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York.

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Butleigh, in the County of Somerset.

30. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Woollavington, in the County of Somerset.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Tysoe, in the County of Warwick.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cheswardine, in the County of Salop.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Gateford and Shireoaks, in the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Beighton, in the County of Derby.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Blunham and Northill, in the County of Bedford.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Grandborough, in the County of Buckingham.

37. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Borough of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester.

38. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Brickhill, in the County of Bucks.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of Cumwhitton and Cumrew, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Gilsland, in the County of Cumberland.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the several Townships of Thornton, Farmanby, Ellerburn, and Kingthorp, within the Parishes of Thornton, Ellerburn, and Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Hamlet of Balsall, in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Snenton, in the County of Nottingham.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year or every Year Lands, Half Year and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Barton, otherwise Barton Mills, in the County of Suffolk.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Norton, in the County of Hertford.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County of Bedford.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Leys, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Hibaldstowe, in the County of Lincoln.

47. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Townshend Mullins Esquire, with Frances Elizabeth Sage, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act for naturalizing David Mitchel.

49. An Act for naturalizing Herman Jacob Garrels.

50. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into by William Egerton Esquire, for the Sale of the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, and Interestr advanced upon an Alignment of the Chester Canal Navigation, with its Appurtenances, together with the said Security for the same, and to enable the Trustees appointed by the Will of Samuel Egerton Esquire, deceased, to convey and dispose of the said Sums and Security, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof upon the Trusts of the said Will.

51. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of certain Lands in the several Parishes of Ickham, in the County of Kent, and Saint Margaret, in the City of Canterbury, between the Guardians of the Poor of the City of Canterbury, and Thomas Barrett, of Lee, in the County of Kent, Esquire.

52. An Act for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates in the County of Leicester belonging to Samuel Madden Esquire, and Catherine his Wife, and Charles Leslie the Younger, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, in their own Rights, and to Samuel Pipe Wolferstan Esquire, and John Moore Clerk, as Trustees under the Wills of Alicia Dorothea Charnel, and Anna Maria Charnel, Spinsters, both deceased, and for other Purposes.

53. An Act to enable and empower Trustees to sell certain Copyhold Estates belonging to Catherine Dallman Elliott, an Infant, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Use of the said Infant.

54. An Act for vesting the Real Estates, devised by the Will of John Wilkinson, late of Whitby in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in trust, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom, or a sufficient Part thereof, in discharge of His Debts affecting the same Estates, in Aid of his Personal Estate, and for placing out at interest the Residue thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, upon the Trusts declared by the said Will of such Real Estate.

55. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate within Weardley, Eccup, and Harewood, in the West Riding of the County of York (Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Sheffield Baronet), in Edward Lascelles the Elder, Esquire, for his Life, with certain Remainders over, discharged of and from the several Uses, Entail, and Trusts, to which the same now stand limited, and for settling the Manor or reputed Manor of Eccup, and divers Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, within Eccup, Addle, Cookeridge, East Breary, and West Breary, in the said County of York, and also divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, respectively, belonging to the said Edward Lascelles the Elder and Edward Lascelles the Younger, of much greater Value, in lieu thereof, and by way of Exchange, to the like Uses, Entail, and Trusts.

56. An Act for effectuating a Partition of the Estates of Thomas Learcroft Esquire, and John Learcroft Gentleman, in the Lordship or Liberty of Litchurch, in the County of Derby.

57. An Act to enable Evelyn Philip Medows Esquire, and others after his Death, to grant Building Leases of certain Estates in the Parish of Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex.

58. An Act for vesting the Estates in the County of Cambridge, devised by John Swale Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold at the same Time with certain Estates of John Swale Esquire, the Son, and for applying Part of the Monies to arise from the Sale of the first mentioned Estates in discharging Legacies, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

59. An Act for vesting the Rectory of Lyth in Trustees, for the Purpose of completing the Sale thereof.

60. An Act for setting out Lands in lieu of, and Compensation for the Rights of Common in or upon the Woodlands, and other Lands and Grounds, in the Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffe, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing such Common Rights.

61. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barrington, in the County of Cambridge.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ridgemont, in the County of Bedford.

63. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Com.uon Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of Bedford.

64. An Act for improving, dividing, and inclosing, the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in the Parish of Cartmel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Maulden, in the County of Bedford.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Sherington, in the County of Buckingham.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places of Walcott, in the Parish of Misterton, in the County of Leicester.

68. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the Open Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of West Ella, Kirk Ella, and Willerby, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and within that Part of Willerby which lies in the County of York.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Ellough, Worlingham Saint Mary, otherwise Great Worlingham, Worlingham Saint Peter, otherwise Little Worlingham, and North Cove, in the County of Suffolk.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Mirfield, in the County of York.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Marston Moretaine, in the County of Bedford.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Barnwood, Matson, Saint Mary de Lode, Saint Catherine, and Saint Michael, and within the South Hamlet and the Vill of Wotton, all in the County of Gloucester.

73. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Arable Fields, and extinguishing the Right of Pasturage upon a Piece of Land called Hayne's Close, within the Parish of Hanley, otherwise Handley, otherwise Sixpenny Hanley, in the County of Dorset.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Half-Year’s Lanth Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scredington, in the County of Lincoln.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, in the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts of Whitfield, in the County of Northampton.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hambleton, in the Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

77. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Lancelot Shadwell Esquire, Barrister at Law, with Elizabeth Sophia Whitmore his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

78. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Lewis Ernest Baron de Feilitzsch.

79. An Act for naturalizing Arnold John Gevers Leuven.

80. An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates of Walter Fawkes Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of Manors, or other Hereditaments, lying nearer to, and more convenient to be enjoyed with the Mansion House at Farnley Hall, and the Bulk of the settled Estates, to the like Uses as such detached Parts stand limited.

81. An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Blackburn in the County of Lancaster, to grant a Lease or Leases, with Powers of Renewal, of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage.

82. An Act to enable Trustees to convey Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham Esquire, deceased, in the County of Sussex, unto Sir John Shelly Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, in Exchange for certain Messuages and Lands in the same County.

83. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Parker Hammond Esquire, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said Trustees, and the said William Parker Hammond, to grant Leases of Part of the said Estates for the Purpose of Building.

84. An Act for making a Partition and Division of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, devised by the Will of William Powell Esquire, deceased, and now held in undivided Moieties, and for settling and assuring the specific and entire Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon such Partition, are respectively allotted to be held in Severalty, for, or in lieu of, each of the said undivided Moieties, to the several Uses, and subject to the several Charges and Incumbrances now fulfilling upon, or affecting such undivided Moieties respectively.

85. An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the real Estate late of Sir Edward Vaughan Mansell Baronet, deceased, situate in the County of Carmarthen, in Trustees in Trust, to be sold, and to apply the Money, to arise from such Sale, in the Reduction of the several Mortgages, or other Incumbrances subsisting upon, or affecting, such real Estate, and also for enabling such Trustees to demise the Mines, Veins, or Seams of Coal, lying under the Residue of such real Estate, in such Manner, and with such Consent, as therein is mentioned.

86. An Act to impower the Guardians of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, an Infant, to charge his settled Estates with certain Sums of Money, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and to grant Building and other Leases, and make Exchanges or Sales of certain Parts of the said Estates, and for other Purposes.

87. An Act for confirming several Purchases, Conveyances, and Settlements, made of the Estates of the most Honourable Francis Marquis of Hertford, and Isabella Ann Marchioness of Hertford, his Wife, Lord William Gordon and Frances his Wife, Hugo Meynell and Elizabeth his Wife, Henry Harvey Ashn and Harriot his Wife, and Sir John Ramsden and Dame Louisa Susannah his Wife.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weston, in the County of Nottingham

89. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Tilney All Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, and Islington, in the County of Norfolk.

90. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Twyford, in the County of Leicester.

91. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hampton Poyle, in the County of Oxford.

92. An Act for altering, varying, and amending an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manors or Lordships of Farnworth and Kerfuy, in the Parish of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Moor Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands in the Parish of Tattershall, and Townships of Tattershall Thorpe, and Kirkby super Bane, in the County of Lincoln, and for more effectually embanking and draining the said Marsh and Meadow Grounds, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Tattershall, and Township of Tattershall Thorpe, abutting on the River Witham and River Bane, in the said County of Lincoln.

95. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barwick in Elmet, in the County of York.

96. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and such other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, as are within and solely belonging to, the Lordship of Caistor, in the County of Lincoln.

97. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, all the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Luddington and Garthorpe, in the Parish of Luddington, in the County of Lincoln.

98. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gringley upon the Hill, in the County of Nottingham.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sharrington, in the County of Norfolk.

100. An Act to divide, allot, improve, and inclose, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Wastes, and Heath Grounds, and other Open and uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Ufford, with Ashton and Bainton, in the County of Northampton.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of North Stoke and South Stoke, otherwise Stoke Rochford, in the County of Lincoln.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows and Pastures, in the Parish of Tarrington, in the County of Hereford.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship, and Parish of East Bridgford, in the County of Nottingham.

104. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Farrar Esquire, with Mary Goldsmith his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

105. An act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend William Brook Jones Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

106. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Richard Moorsom Gentleman, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Clarke, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

107. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Joseph Seymour Biscoe Esquire, with Susanna Harriot Hope his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

108. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Christie Esquire, with Elizabeth Leslie his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

109. An Act for naturalizing Robert Howard, John Howard, and Mary Thomas otherwise Mary Howard.

110. An Act for naturalizing Christian Henry Bollmann.

111. An Act for naturalizing Otto Bichner.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Township of Longcot, in the parish of Shrivenham, in the county of Berks.

113. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the parish of Little Casterton, in the county of Rutland.

114. An Act for dividing and inclosing, the Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Liberties or Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham.

115. An Act for dividing and inclosing a common call Guiseley Common, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the county of York.

116. An Act for naturalizing John Christopher Falck.

117. An Act for enabling the honourable Andrew Foley, the surviving Trustee of Two Terms, of ninety-nine years, and one hundred and one years, created by the will of Thomas Lord Foley, his late father, deceased, to grant leases of some parts of the estates comprized in those terms, and also to renew leases and copyhold grants made to, or in trust for the said Thomas Lord Foley, deceased, or one of those under whom he derived a Title; also to make Exchanges of some Parts of the Premises comprized in the said Term of ninety-nine years, and likewise to enable the said Andrew Foley to sell certain detached Parts of the Hereditaments and Premises comprized in the said Term of one hundred and one years, and to lay out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses.

118. An Act for vesting certain Plantations and Estates in the island of Grenada, late of sir James Johnstone baronet, in Trustees, to raise Money by Mortgage for repairing the Damage done thereto in the late Insurrections.

119. An Act for naturalizing Marian Hastings.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 37 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

3. An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed; and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

4. An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

5. An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

6. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

7. An Act to continue for a limited Time, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn, and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty; and for permitting Wheat, Wheat flour, and Meal, imported, in order to obtain the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, but which have not been found fit for making Bread, to be used in the Manufacture of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Distillation of Low Wines and Spirits.

8. An Act to continue for a limited Time an Act made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for permitting the Importation of Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty.

9. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills.

10. An Act for raising the Sum of eighteen millions by Way of Annuities.

11. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

12. An Act to continue several Acts made in the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a limited Time.

13. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Navigation; and for amending the several Acts relating thereto.

14. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Auctions, Bricks, Cocoa Nuts, British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea.

15. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise; and for applying the Money to arise by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar; towards defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan granted, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament.

16. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Stage Coaches.

17. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England.

18. An Act for altering certain Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters in England and Scotland respectively, and of Packets to and from Great Britain, from and to Portugal and the British Colonies in America respectively; and for setting apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for a certain Period, out of the Revenues of the Post Office, the Annual Sum of forty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

19. An Act for the more effectually securing the Stamp Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds.

20. An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills.

21. An Act authorizing His Majesty, for a limited Time, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope,

22. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed, and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

23. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

24. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising -a certain Number of Men in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

25. An Act for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex.

26. An Act to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and transport Bills, that mail be issued in future.

27. An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by Way of Loan, pursuant to an Act of the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentioned; and for granting further Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

28. An Act to remove Doubts respecting Promissory Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for Payment of Sums of Money under five Pounds.

29. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Guinea Port, in the Parish of Saint Breock, in the County of Cornwall, to Dunmeer Bridge, in the Parish of Bodmin, in the said County; and also a certain Collateral Cut from Cotton Wood, to or near to Ruthern Bridge, in the said Parish of Bodmin.

30. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grantham Canal Navigation, to finish and complete the same, and the Collateral Cut to communicate therewith; and for amending the Act of Parliament passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cut.

31. An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by further increasing their Capital Stock, and to extend the Provisions now existing, respecting the present Stock of the Company to the said increased Stock.

32. An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

33. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

34. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

35. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised tn Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

36. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal from and out of a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, at or near Endon, to or near the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford; and also a Reservoir for supplying the several Canals of the said Company with Water.

37. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United Stares of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

38. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

39. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

40. An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom.

41. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

42. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Town of Northampton, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein; and for continuing the Term of certain Tolls by the said Act granted.

43. An Act for building a New Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stock Damarel, in the County of Devon.

44. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

45. An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council of the twenty-sixth of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank.

46. An Act for making certain Annuities, created by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, transferable, and the Dividends thereon payable, at the Bank of England; and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

47. An Act for discharging the Estates of John Yeldham Esquire, from certain Demands of the Crown, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

48. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual two Acts made in the eleventh and fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

49. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Harbour of Eyemouth, in the County of Berwick.

50. An Act for repairing, deepening, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Barmouth, in the County of Merioneth.

51. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation to finish and complete their several Works, and to discharge the Debts contracted in the making thereof; and for amending an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Navigation, and several other Works in such Act mentioned.

52. An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Fife; and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County.

53. An Act for carrying into Execution His Majesty's Order in Council of the third Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for an Increase of Pay and Provisions to the Seamen and Marines serving in His Majesty's Navy; and to amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enables Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives, Children, or Mothers.

54. An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Navigation to vary the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, so as to render the Execution thereof more easy, expeditious, and less expensive; and for altering and amending the Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

55. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Milbrooke in the County of Southampton, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish.

56. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford in the County of Hereford.

57. An Act for raising the Sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities.

58. An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto.

59. An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of one million six hundred and twenty thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, and the regular Redemption of the Capital to be created thereby; for enabling the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain the Sums granted for repaying Advances made by them for the Public Service; and for repaying to the Contributors to the Loans of fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds, and one million six hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, the Excess of their Deposits beyond the proportional Deposits to the said Loans.

60. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned.

61. An Act to revive, amend, and continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

62. An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom.

63. An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors.

64. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

65. An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County.

66. An Act for revesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, in the former Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

67. An Act to embank and drain the open and unembanked Lands and Grounds lying between The Dales Head Dyke and the River Witham, in the several Townships or Hamlets and Parishes of Walcot, Timberland-Thorpe, Timberland, Martin, Linwood, and Blankney, all in the County of Lincoln.

68. An Act for charging the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the second, third, fourth, and fifth Districts, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, with further Taxes, for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners for the said Districts respectively, under certain Acts passed in the twenty-second Year of King George the Second, and in the twelfth Year of His present Majesty; and for better improving, supporting, and preserving, the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds.

69. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

70. An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

71. An Act for more effectually restraining Intercourse with the Crews of certain of His Majesty's Ships now in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and for the more effectual Suppression of such Mutiny and Rebellion.

72. An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation.

73. An Act for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies.

74. An Act to enable the East India Company to pay the Expences of two Regiments of Infantry to be raised for the Defence and Protection of the House and Warehouses of the said Company, and for such Public Services as are mentioned in an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

75. An Act to enable His Majesty to draw out and embody the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex.

76. An Act for disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas of the Manufacture of Great Britain, for a limited Time.

77. An Act for making the Port of San Josef, in the Island of Trinidad, a free Port.

78. An Act for the better Regulation and Encouragement of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Liverpool.

79. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect a Workhouse for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein; and also an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the said first mentioned Act; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and altering the Manner of rating to the Poor of the said Parish, and better effectuating other Regulations relative thereto.

80. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, all such Streets and other Public Passages, as are or shall be made upon a certain Piece of Ground, belonging to Elizabeth Doughty Spinster, situate in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex.

81. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to extend several Branches of Canal from and out of their said Navigation.

82. An Act for allowing certain Discounts to the Contributors of eighteen millions raised by Annuities by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, who shall have completed their Contributions on or before the Days therein mentioned.

83. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation and permits the Importation, Duty free, of several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles made thereof.

84. An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a limited Time.

85. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates, for their Creditors Benefit, as relates to the weekly Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for Debt, in the Cases therein mentioned.

86. An Act for amending an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Harbour of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich, in the same County.

87. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, improving, and keeping in Repair, Great Tower Hill; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same.

88. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor; and also to raise a further Sum of Money for the Improvement and Security of the said Level.

89. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River South, Plant Load and Brandon River North, bounded on the West by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, Earsewell Brook, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Inverted Lands, so far as relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the first District described in the said Act; and also, to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said first recited Act.

90. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain.

91. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council of the twenty -sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

92. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations resetting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

93. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of Enrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom.

94. An Act to continue an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

95. An Act to amend two Acts made in the fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the first Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts.

96. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the effectual draining and Preservation of Haddenham Level in the Isle of Ely; and for more effectually draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said Level.

97. An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America.

98. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

99. An Act to revive and continue the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; to continue so much of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, in Foreign Ships, into and from the Port of Saint John's in the Island of Antigua; and so much of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; and also so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time.

100. An Act for extending the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation; and for explaining and amending an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

101. An Act for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Aberdeen, for building new Quays, Wharfs, and Docks, and for making new Roads and Passages, and widening others leading to and from the said Harbour.

102. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland herein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland.

103. An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

104. An Act for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

105. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on inhabited Houses.

106. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Horses, before charged with a Duty of two Shillings by an Act of the thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and on Mules.

107. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Male Servants.

108. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches.

109. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy; and for making further Provision for those Purposes.

110. An Afor granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Customs on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise; and on Pepper to be used and consumed in this Kingdom.

111. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Stamp Duty on Deeds.

112. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

113. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

114. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Hills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

115. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

116. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

117. An Act for regulating the Trade to be carried on with the British Possessions in India, by the Ships of Nations in Amity with His Majesty.

118. An Act for regulating the Height between Decks of Vessels entered outwards for the Purpose of carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa.

119. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts in His Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in America, as makes Negroes Chattels for the Payment of Debts.

120. An Act further to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England; as revived, amended, and continued, by a subsequent Act of this Session, passed for the Purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing the same; and also for continuing such subsequent Act.

121. An Act to explain an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries.

122. An Act for the better preventing the forging or counterfeiting the Names of Witnesses to Letters of Attorney, or other Authorities or Instruments, for the Transfer of Stocks or Funds, which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be made, transferable at the Bank of England; or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England called Bank Stock; or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock, or any Stocks or Funds under the Management of the South Sea Company; or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the East India Company; or for the Receipt of Dividends upon any of such Stocks or Funds.

123. An Act for more effectually preventing the administering or taking of unlawful Oaths.

124. An Act to make perpetual an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

125. An Act for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Biscuit, or Pease, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, for a limited Time.

126. An Act to prevent the counterfeiting any Copper Coin in this Realm, made, or to be made, current by Proclamation, or any Foreign Gold or Silver Coin; and to prevent the bringing into this Realm, or uttering, any counterfeit Foreign Gold or Silver Coin.

127. An Act to shorten the Time now required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, that the Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business; and more effectually to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the Case of a Demise of the Crown.

128. An Act for assessing the Commissioners of the Tax Office, and their Officers, to the Land Tax, in the District called Offices executed in Westminster Hall; notwithstanding the Removal of the said Tax Office into Somerset Place.

129. An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Dorset, with Water.

130. An Act for discontinuing the new Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, and for repealing several Acts relating thereto, and for providing for the Discharge of a Debt accrued on Account thereof; and for making Reparation for certain Losses; and for the Improvement of the old Harbour of Rye.

131. An Act for building a Bridge over Bursledon River, at or near the Ferry of Bursledon, in the County of Southampton, and for making a Road from the intended Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the said Bridge, and from thence to Titchfield, in the said County of Southampton.

132. An Act for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining the Harbour of Saltcoats in the County of Ayr.

133. An Act for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of modern Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet Street, by way of Chance.

134. An Act for granting to His Majesty a further additional Duty on Horses kept and used for the Purpose of Riding, or of drawing certain Carriages, therein mentioned.

135. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies, and Shares of Personal Estate, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain cases.

136. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to stamp Deeds, and other Instruments, Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, in the Cases therein mentioned.

137. An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to revive and continue for a limited Time, and amend an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, 'An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom,' for a limited Time.

138. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliaments by disabling certain Officers, employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections, by extending the Provisions thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of Freeholders for Preses or Clerk, or on any Question relative to the Adjustment of the Roll of Freeholders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for empowering Freeholders to administer the Oath of Trust and Possession to Persons offering to vote for Preses and Clerk.

139. An Act for allowing a further Time for carrying into Execution certain Powers contained in two Acts of the present Session of Parliament, for raising a provisional Cavalry, so far as the same relate to the registering and accepting of Volunteers in lieu of the said provisional Cavalry, in such Counties, and Subdivisions of Counties, wherein the said Acts have not been carried into Execution.

140. An Act to enable His Majesty more easily and effectually to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence by Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentences.

141. An Act to enable the Deputy of the Clerk of the House of Commons, for the Time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

142. An Act for the better Administration of Justice at Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; and for preventing British Subjects from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India.

143. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of Defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances.

144. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

145. An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Rochdale through Bamford and Birtle to Bury, and for making and maintaining three several Branches of Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

146. An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or near the Guide Post, at or near a certain Place, called Sudden Bridges in the Township of Castleton, within the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Northeastern, End of a certain Street or Place, in the Town of Bury, within the Parish of Bury, in the said County, called Clerke Street; and for making a new Road from and out of the said Road, at or near a Place called Captain Fold, in the Township of Castleton aforesaid, to communicate as well with the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Rochdale to the Town of Manchester, in the said County, as also with the Rochdale Canal, at or near a Place called The Blue Pitts, in the said Township of Castleton,

147. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Magdalen Gates in the City of Norwich, to the King's Arms Inn, in North Walsham, in the County of Norfolk.

148. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts of Parliament, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Sussex, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bridge at the North End of Farnhurst Lanes through Midhurst, to the City of Chichester, and from Chichester aforesaid to Delkey, all in the said County of Sussex.

149. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the other in the eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of fork, over Skipbridge, to Borroughbridge, in the County of York.

150. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Basingstoke, through Popham Lane, Sutton Scotney, and Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts.

151. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Wem, in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron y garth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh.

152. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts, passed in the third, seventeenth, and thirtieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, so far as relate to the Road leading from a Gate called Shipston Toll Gate, at Bridge Towns in the Parish of Old Stratford, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick.

153. An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and for amending an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry.

154. An Act for completing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from West Lavington, unto and through the Town of the Devizes, to the House known by the Name of The Green Man, in Seend, in the County of Wilts; and from Roude Ford, through the Devizes Marketplace, to join the Beckhampton Turnpike Road near Wansdyke; and from the Fall End of the Devizes aforesaid, to the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the said County of Wilts.

155. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of three Acts, passed in the third and seventeenth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to Saint Dunstan's Cross near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, and for amending and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Makenade Corner, in the Parish of Preston, to Bagham Cross and Shalmsford Lane End, in the Parish of Chilham, in the said County.

156. An Act for repairing and widening the Road, leading from the Town and Port of Dover, through the Town and Borough of Deal, to a certain Place in the Parish of Sholden, called Foulmead Field; and for making a new Road through Part of the said Field, and Hacklinge Brooks, and Part of a certain other Field, called Word Field, to or near to a Messuage or Farm House called Upton Farm, in the Parish of Worth otherwise Word; and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Town and Port of Sandwich.

157. An Act for amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Hulmes Chapel, in the County Palatine of Chester, leading from Hulmes Chapel to Knutsford, to the South Bridge in Chelford, in the said County, near to Chelford Chapel.

158. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to Prescot, Ashton, and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

159. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three several Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the first and eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield.

160. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road from Penistone to Sheffield.

161. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Road from the Toll House in Paisley Lone at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Park-house, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew.

162. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts made in the twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, and thirtieth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, and in the twenty-ninth and thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Roads from Gorbals of Glasgow to Floakbridge and Easter Grange in the County of Renfrew, and other Roads in the said County, and for making and repairing certain other Roads in the said County branching from or connected with the Roads mentioned in the said Acts.

163. An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road from the West Cowgate, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the West End of Kenton, Ponteland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belsay Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanspeck, in the County of Northumberland, and also the Road leading from the said Road to the Alemouth Turnpike Road.

164. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual so much of two Acts made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Crieff, and the Branches thereof.

165. An Act for repairing, widening, and improving the Public Highroad, leading from Milnthorp to Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of Westmorland.

166. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act made in the thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing certain Roads, in the Counties of Clackmanan and Perth.

167. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Morton's Corner, in the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, to the East End of Abington Street, in the Town of Northampton.

168. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln; and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, Westward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter Hill, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Canwick Hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill.

169. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hursborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterslow, in the County of Wilts; and of another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, for including the Road from Spittle House over Weyhill to Mullen s Pond, as directed by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of His said Majesty King George the Second, and for amending the Roads from Andover, through Charlton, towards Tangley, and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from Weyhill to Sarson Street; and also the Road through the said Town of Basingstoke; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads in the County of Southampton.

170. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Guide Post, in the Village of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, through Kidlington, to the End of The Mileway, in the City of Oxford.

171. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Kinross in the County of Kinross, to Alloa in the County of Clackmanan.

172. An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Atcham, through Condover to Dorrington; and also the Road branching out of the said Road, at a Place called Allfield Turning, in the said Parish of Condover, to the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to Ludlow, at a Place called Hongerhill, in the same Parish, all in the County of Salop.

173. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Bolton in the Moors to Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

174. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or from near Edenfield Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the Parish of Bury, to the Township of Little Bolton, in the Parish of Bolton in le Moors; and also for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road, at or near a Place called Booth Pits, in the Township of Tottington Lower End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the Township of Elton, in the said Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

175. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from the Town of Frome in the County of Somerset; and for paving the footways and lighting the Streets within the said Town.

176. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, for amending and keeping in Repair several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

177. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads between the House commonly called The Horseshoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town of Northampton; and from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the said County of Buckingham, to the said Horseshoe House.

178. An Act for extending the Term, and amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and repairing several Roads round the City of Bristol; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from the Turnpike Gate, at the Sign of The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Mangotsfield Common Road, into the Bitton and Toghill Common Road.

179. An Act for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Cambridge into the old North Road, near Arrington Bridge, all in the County of Cambridge.

180. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making and repairing the Road from Newmish Bridge, by Foodie's Mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to Craill, and other Roads in the County of Fife; and for making and repairing othewr Roads in the said County.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 37 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Gaetano Testolini.

2. An Act for naturalizing George Astor.

3. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Horn.

4. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Opie Esquire, with Mary Bunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

5. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Aller, in the County of Somerset.

6. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of South Normanton, in the County of Derby.

7. An Act for naturalizing Charles Gruneisen.

8. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ravelli.

9. An Act for naturalizing Abram Henry Borel, Henry Borel, Louis Borel, and Stephen Azemar.

10. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Steinberg and Charles Blaurock.

11. An Act for naturalizing George Choumert.

12. An Act for naturalizing Wynand Adriaen de Gruyter Vink.

13. An Act for naturalizing Ulrich Anthony Hinrichs.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open or Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of Highham, in the County of Somerset; and also a certain Open or Commonable Field, called Ham Down, lying partly within the said Parish of High-ham and partly within the Parish of Huish Episcopi, in the same County.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Commonable Pastures, within the Parish of Weston Zoyland, in the County of Somerset.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Street, in the County of Somerset; and also for dividing and allotting a certain Parcel or Tract of Waste Land, called Turf Moor, in the Parish of Street aforesaid.

17. An Act for naturalizing Philipp Frederick Muntz.

18. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Bright, with Hannah Lockwood, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

19. An Act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter House, to sell and convey a Messuage, Cottages, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fulstow Marsh, Chappel, and Tetney, in the County of Lincoln; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Hospital.

20. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, and for improving the Deanry and Prebends of the said Cathedral, and to make further Provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabric Fund thereof.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Exton, in the County of Somerset, and also within the several Manors of Cutcombe Mohun and Cutcombe Rawleigh, in the Parish of Cutcombe, in the same County.

22. An Act to relieve William Marquis of Lansdown from certain liabilities in consequence of his having sat and voted in the House of Peers without being duly qualified, by taking the Oaths and making the Declaration prescribed by Law, and subscribing the same respectively.

23. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Dunton, in the County of Bedford.

24. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Bagelmann, John Siffken, and George Lewis Christian Tatter.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and all other unenclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Swayfield, in the County of Lincoln, and a Parcel of Open Land called The Intercommon, within, or belonging to, the said Parish of Swayfields and to the Parish of Corby, in the said County.

26. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Campton cum Shefford, in the County of Bedford.

27. An Act for dividing and enclosing several Open Fields, and Meadow and Pasture Ground, and several Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Harewood, in the County of York.

28. An Act for naturalizing Henry Wienholt.

29. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry Libotton.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Puriton, in the County of Somerset.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands and fields, within the Parish of Huish Episcopi, in the County of Somerset.

32. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable La nds, within the Parish of Othery, in the County of Somerset.

33. An Act to enable Denny Martin, Doctor in Divinity, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Fairfax, pursuant to the Will of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Fairfax, deceased.

34. An Act for naturalizing Peter Andrew Runquist.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Tring, in the County of Hertford.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barningham, in the County of Suffolk.

37. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Arable Lands, Intermixed Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Acle, in the County of Norfolk.

38. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Hitcham, in the County of Bucks, to exchange Part of his Glebe Lands there for other Lands, in the same Parish, belonging to the Right Honourable William Wyndham Lord Grenville.

39. An Act to enable the Trustees, to be therein named, to make Exchange of certain Estates comprized in the Act of the third of Charles the First, for entailing the Castle and Manor of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and certain other Estates in the said Act mentioned.

40. An Act for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tythes, also entailed by the said Act.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Sawley and Winksley, in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Common and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wing, in the County of Buckingham.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Halton Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor of Halton, in the Parish of Halton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

44. An Act for dividing and enclosing certain Tradlsor Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, within and Parcel of the Honor and Manor of Hornby, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

45. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Etwall, in the County of Derby.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open Commons and Waste Lands within, or adjoining to, the Township or Parish of Chewton Mendip, in the County of Somerset.

47. An Act for dividing and enclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Over Kellet Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor or Lordship of Over Kellet, in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

48. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Township of Dalton, in the several Parishes of Rotherham and Thrybergh, in the West Riding of the County of York.

49. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Thornborough, in the County of Buckingham.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the several Hamlets or Tythings of Allcannings and Allington, in the County of Wilts.

51. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saham Tone, in the County of Norfolk.

52. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Wingrave with Rowsham, in the County of Buckingham

53. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.

54. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Uggeshall, Frostenden, and South Cove, in the County of Suffolk.

55. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Softerly, Henstead with Hulverstreet, and Wrentham, in the County of Suffolk.

56. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Harwood, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Lincoln.

58. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Charles Sloane Cadogan, Lord Cadogan, with Mary Churchill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An Act for effectuating a Settlement of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Charlotte Laura, the Wife of John Wodehouse Esquire, late Charlotte Laura Norris Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Charlotte Laura Wodehouse.

60. An Act to enable the Trustees and Executors of the Will of Samuel Browne Merchant, to settle the Residue of his Personal Estate, and the Produce of his Real Estate, pursuant to the Agreements made previous to the Marriages of his Daughters, Pleasance the Wife of Edward Roger Pratt the Elder, Esquire, and Hester the Wife of Jacob Henry Astley Esquire.

61. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Settled Estates of George Hassell Esquire, in Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned.

62. An Act for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates of Francis Chaplin Esquire, and Thophilus Buckworth Esquire, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Commons, Moors, Wastes, and Waste Grounds, called Lea Moor, or Sapperton Moor, and Hare Hill, and also a certain Common Meadow, and all other Commonable Places and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sapperton, in the Parish of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby.

64. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Chalgrave, in the County of Bedford.

65. An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, certain Estates at Mappowder and Plush, in the County of Dorset, and Inkpen and Kintbury, in the County of Bucks, devised by the Will of John late Earl Spencer, in Trust, to convey the same to the Right Honourable George John Earl Spencer, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, on the said Right Honourable George John Earl Spencer, settling in lieu thereof, to the Lies and upon the Trusts of the said Will, his Estate at Chapel Brampton, in the County or Northampton.

66. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Right Honourable Earl of Ashburnham and the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, of the Advowson of the Rectory of Ninfield for the Advowson of the Vicarage of Ashburnham, both in the County of Sussex.

67. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common or Waste Land, in Mollington, in the Counties of Oxford and Warwick, within the Parish of Cropredy, in the said County of Oxford.

68. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, except the Commonable Lands lying within the Borough of Whitchurch, and except the Common Arable Field called The Burgage Field.

69. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Whittlebury, in the County of Northampton, (except such Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Parish and Liberties as lie within the present Ringmound of the Forest of Whittlewood or Whittlebury); and for extinguishing a Right of Common in and over two certain Pieces of Ground within the said Parish, called Porter's Wood and Long Hedge.

70. An Act for enabling the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Queen Mary, at Walsall in the County of Stafford, to sell certain Mines under Part of their Lands, and to sell or exchange certain Parts of their Lands lying dispersed, for improving and extending the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School, for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors, and for enabling them to build a Chapel, and for other Purposes.

71. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm and customary Tenants within the Honor, Manor, and Lord ship of Hornly, and Manor of Tatham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, who heretofore have omitted, now to come in and purchase the Timber Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements, and for vesting the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extinguishing the customary Right of the other Tenants therein, and for releasing and extinguishing the Freehold Fee Farm and customary Rents, Boons, Fines, and other Services of Right, due and accustomed for the Tenements of such of the said Tenants who have executed the said Articles of Agreement, and for extending the like Powers and Benefits to such of the said Tenants, not being Parties to the said Articles, who shall, within a limited Time, conform to the Trusts. thereof, with such Exceptions and Reservations only as are in this Bill mentioned.

72. An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares, devised by the Will of James Davis Esquire, of and in several Estates in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby in discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

73. An Act for Sale of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Bucks, devised by the Will of Elliot Salter Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Coln Saint Dennis, in the County of Gloucester.

75. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Diddington, otherwise Dodington, in the County of Huntingdon.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset.

77. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of John Perrott Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to sell and exchange; and for applying the Sum of one thousand Pounds, arising from such Sale or Exchange, in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the said devised Estates; and for laying out the Residue of the said Money in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, and to enable the said Trustees, and the several other Persons therein named, to grant Building and other Leases of the said devised Estates.

78. An Act for enabling Thomas Stinton, Doctor in Divinity, and his Successors, to grant, in Manner therein mentioned, a Lease of a certain Part of the Prebendal Lands, situate in the several Parishes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Charles William Taylor Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

80. An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates of Sir William Lowther Baronet, in Trustees, in Trust, to convey the same to the said Sir William Lowther in Fee, upon his the said Sir William Lowther’s conveying other Estates to the Uses of the settled Estates.

81. An Act for vesting the Manor of East Mark, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, Part of the settled Estates of Henrietta Maria, the Wife of Michael Hicks Beach Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

82. An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whereof an undivided Moiety was devised by the Will of Anna Maria Sacheverell Widow, and the other undivided Moiety by the Will of Jane Gough Window, deceased, and for settling and alluring the specific Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which upon such Partition have been allotted to be held in Severalty, for or in lieu of each of the said undivided Moieties, to such Uses as by the said Wills are limited, of and concerning the said undivided Moieties respectively.

83. An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in the Parish of Allhallows Steyning, in the City of London, in the Corporation of the Trinity House, subject to several perpetual yearly Rent Charges payable to the Rector, Clerk, Sexton, and Churchwardens, of the same Parish.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Commons, Commonable Woods, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Chaddesley Corbett, in the County of Worcester.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, and Downs, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Tything of Easterton, in the County of Wilts.

86. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common or Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Manor and Parish of Bunny, in the County of Nottingham.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Wyke Regis, in the County of Dorset.

88. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Wilbraham, in the County of Cambridge.

89. An Act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Wilbraham, in the County of Cambridge.

90. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Corse in the County of Gloucester.

91. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Toddington, and Hamlet of Charlton, in the Parish of Toddington, in the County of Bedford.

92. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Barnby and Mutford, in the County of Suffolk.

93. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Elstow, in the County of Bedford.

94. An Act for allotting, dividing, and enclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Township of Ditton, in the Parish of Prescot, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

95. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of Shipham and Winscombe in the County of Somerset.

96. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Henry Cooke Surgeon, with Elizabeth Smithy his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

97. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James McGauley with Elizabeth Rowlands, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

98. An Act for naturalizing Lewis John Marie Houssoullier.

99. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will and Codicil of Sir Francis Henry Drake Baronet, and for applying and laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

100. An Act for vesting several Estates in the County of Chester, of the Right Honourable George James Earl Cholmondeley, as Devisee for Life under the Will of the Honourable General James Cholmondeley, deceased, in the said Earl Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of the said Earl, in the same County, in lieu thereof.

101. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of the late Sir James Dashwood in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, and to apply the Money arising thereby in discharging certain Incumbrances therein mentioned, and to apply the Residue, if any, of the Money arising from such Sale or Sales in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said Sir James Dashwood.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Southoe, in the County of Huntingdon.

103. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several Open, Common, and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Holwell and Woodbridge, and in the Parish of Holwell, in the County of Somerset.

104. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Somerton, and Compton Dundon, and certain Open or Commonable Lands, called Southmead and Kingsmoor, situate within the several Parishes of Somerton, Long Sutton, Kingsdon, Northover, and Ilchester, and the Hamlets or Tithings of Widcombe, Ash, and Milton, in the Parish of Martock, some or one of them; and also, so much of a certain Allotment or Tract of unenclosed Land, within the said Parish of Long Sutton, as appertained to sundry Tenements within the Manor of Knoll, in the Parish of Long Sutton aforesaid, all in the County of Somerset.

105. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, lying and being within the Parishes of North Curry, Stoke Saint Gregory, and West Hatch, in the County of Somerset.

106. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Pieces of Common or Waste Land, within the Township of Cridling Stubbs, in the West Riding of the County of York.

107. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Lindridge, in the County of Worcester.

108. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Ashelworth, in the County of Gloucester.

109. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Moreton Corbet, Shawbury, Stanton upon Hine Heath, and Hodnet, in the County of Salop.

110. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Southill, in the County of Bedford.

111. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Knipton, in the County of Leicester.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of Hinton Martel and Gussage All Saints, in the County of Dorset.

113. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds and Places, in the Parish of Harrold, in the County of Bedford.

114. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Stoke Mandeville, in the County of Buckingham.

115. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Waste Lands, within the Manor of Kerry, in the County of Montgomery.

116. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, and John Hunter, of Gubbins, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, of a Farm and certain Lands, in the Parishes of North and South Mims, in the said Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, for a Farm and certain Lands in the Parish of Harrow on the Hill aforesaid.

117. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell the Superiorities of the Lands holden Blench or in Feu of the Estate of Lovat, together with the Feu and other Duties payable by the Vassals of Proprietors of such Lands to the Heir of Entail of the said Estate, and also such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estate of Lovat, and others, in the County of Inverness, belonging to the Honourable Lieutenant General Simon Fraser of Lovat, now deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts contracted by him, and affecting the said Lands and Estate, and for vesting the Remainder in the Heirs of Entail named by the said Lieutenant General Simon Fraser, subject to the Limitations and Provisions of his Deeds of Entail.

118. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Edward Buckley Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in order to pay off an Incumbrance affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

119. An Act for the better enabling the Trustees to sell and dispose of the remaining Estates of the late Robert Pigot Esquire, situate in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Fields, Precincts, and Territories, of Peplow, Hodnett, Little Bolas, and Stoke upon Tern, in the County of Salop.

120. An Act for discharging certain Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Richard Langley Esquire, from the Uses thereby limited, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof.

121. An Act for exchanging the Advowson of the Vicarage of the Abbey Church, otherwise Holy Cross, with Saint Giles annexed, in the County of Salop, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowsons of the Churches of Risby and Fornham Saint Genovesse, otherwise Saint Genoveve, in the County of Suffolk, belonging to the Right Honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick.

122. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called Wark Common, lying wholly or partly within the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the Parish of Carham, in the County of Northumberland.

123. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open Common Fields, Half Year’s Meadow Land, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Blankney and Scopwick, in the County of Lincoln.

124. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Settrington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

125. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land and Ground, within the Parish of Oxhill, in the County of Warwick.

126. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Moorlince, in the County of Somerset.

127. An Act for naturalizing Henry Lewis Schedel.

128. An Act for naturalizing Jean Nicholas Joseph Soilleux.

129. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Heisch and John Jacob Maue.

130. An Act for vesting the Manors and other Hereditaments situate in the County of Cambridge, devised by the Will of Bridget Southcote Widow, deceased, in Trustees for Sale, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the said Bridget Southcote.

131. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York.

132. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Godfrey Vassall (lately called Sir Godfrey Webster) Baronet, with Elizabeth Vassall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

133. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Parts of the late Earl of Bradford's Estates in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of General Harry Pulteney, for the Purpose of effecting an Exchange thereof with the Right Honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick, and for settling the Estates, to be taken in Exchange, to the like Uses and Manner as the said Earl of Bradford's Estates, in the said County of Salop, are now settled.

134. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold, or Chattelhold Estates, respectively, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of John Pinney Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and situate in the County of Somerset, in the said John Pinney, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, discharged from the Uses and Trusts by such Settlement limited and declared of the same, and for settling divers other Freehold and Leasehold or Chattelhold Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, of greater Value, situate in the County of Dorset, in lieu thereof.

135. An Act for appointing Trustees for carrying into Execution certain Trusts and Powers contained in the Will of the late Sir Henry Hoghton Baronet, in the Room of Samuel Fenton Merchant, and Thomas Fenton Esquire, the Trustees therein named, who departed this Life, in the Life-time of the said Sir Henry Hoghton, and for enabling the said Trustees to exchange Part of the Lands thereby devised for Lands of which Sir Henry Philip Hoghton, or Daniel Hoghton, or either of them, are or is seised in Fee Simple, and for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the said Will, to make Conveyances in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of Building.

136. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Horton, in the County of Gloucester.

137. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Weston, in the County of Hertford.

138. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hillam, in the Parish of Monk Frystone, in the Wrest Riding of the County of York.

139. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and within the Manor and Parish of Adstock, in the County of Buckingham.

140. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Dra\ton Parjlow, in the County of Buckingham.

141. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Raunds, in the County of Northampton.

142. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of King's Walden, in the County of Hertford.

143. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, or stinting, certain Open Common Fields, Ing Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bolton Percy, in the County of the City of York.

144. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the pen and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, Heaths, Wastes, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey.

145. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Greatford, in the County of Lincoln.

146. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Open and Intermixed Lands and Grounds within the Township of Pontefract, in the West Riding of the County of York, and making Compensation for the Great Tythes of the said Lands, and other Lands in the Townships of Pontefract, Tanshelf, and Carleton, within the Parish of Pontefract, and also for the Vicarial Tythes of the said Parish.

147. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Great Chiverell and Little Chiverell, in the County of Wilts.

148. An Act for dividing and enclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Eynesbury, in the County of Huntingdon.

149. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sidenham Teask Merchant, with Eleanor Buckle, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

150. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Dubois De Chemant.

151. An Act for vesting in a new Trustee the Sum of forty thousand Pounds, given by a Codicil annexed to the Will of John Tempest Esquire, to Farrer Wren and Robert Shafto, Esquires, upon certain Trusts in the said Codicil mentioned.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of GEORGE III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

Anno Regni 38 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to amend and continue, until one Month after the Conclusion of the present War, the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-one, videlicet, on the twenty second of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the Restriction on Payments of Cash by the Bank.

2. An Act to continue until the Expiration of thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty-seven, videlicet, on the twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom, for a limited Time.

3. An Act to continue, until the full Day of March one, thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, videlicet, on the sixth of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

6. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy, videlicet, on the sixth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

7. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the one, Chapter Thirty-two, on the tenth Day of March, and the other, Chapter Sixty-one, on the twenty-fifth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts made in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

8. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty.

9. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on the sixteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also an Act, passed in the same Year, Chapter Eighty, videlicet, on the twenty-second Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also another Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and to continue, for the same Period, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one, videlicet, on the twenty-eighth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

10. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, so much of an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seven, videlicet, on the eleventh of November one thousand seven hundred and^ ninety-six, as relates to the Exportation and carrying Coastwise of Wheat and Rye, and to the Importation of several Articles of Provision.

11. An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and two, videlicet, on the nineteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries, in the respective Districts in Scotland.

12. An Act to give further Time for executing, and for enlarging, the Powers of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

13. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants, who have served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications.

14. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

15. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore; to continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

16. An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War.

17. An Act for allowing, during the Continuance of the present War, a certain Proportion of the Men, raised in pursuance of two Acts of the last Session of Parliament for augmenting the Militia, to enlist into His Majesty's other Forces, and to serve until six Months after the Conclusion of a general Peace.

18. An Act to enable His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men, in the several Companies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith.

19. An Act to give further Time for putting in Execution an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith.

20. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

21. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John Earl Saint Vincent, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said John Earl Saint Vincent to His Majesty and the Public.

22. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam Lord Viscount Duncan, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Adam Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majesty and the Public.

23. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

24. An Act to repeal the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate used in Watch cases.

25. An Act to permit, during the Continuance of the present War, the Importation of Salt from Portugal, in Neutral Ships.

26. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety Seven; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

27. An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose.

28. An Act to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain, from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase or on the Credit of Debts owing to the Government of the United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons within the said Provinces, without Licence for that Purpose; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies, to the said United Provinces, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories and Places, under their Government.

29. An Act to revive and continue, until the Conclusion of the present War, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty-five, videlicet, on the nineteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat and other Articles to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney.

30. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the sixth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for disallowing the Bounty on Sail Cloth or Canvas, the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to Ireland.

31. An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and two, videlicet, on the nineteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries, in the respective Districts in Scotland.

32. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

33. An Act to amend two Acts made in the twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the Performance of Quarantine; for punishing Persons acting contrary to any Order in Council, which may be made for laying any Embargo on Ships or Vessels, or for prohibiting or regulating the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise, for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the landing thereof; to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty, from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences for permitting Wines put on board any of His Majesty's Ships, to be removed from one Ship to another, without being first: landed and warehoused; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Wines delivered into the Charge of thfe Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs at the Port of Falmouth.

34. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Batteries and other Works in the Counties of Kent and Devon, and to certain Owners and Occupiers of Lands who have sustained any Loss or Damage in consequence of the said Act.

35. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and two; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one; and so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time, until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

36. An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

37. An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions by Way of Annuities.

38. An Act for declaring the Validity of two Orders in Council, dated the sixth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the thirtieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after such Time shall have elapsed, in such special causes as His Majesty, by any Order in Council, shall authorize.

39. An Act to amend an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

40. An Act for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof.

41. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for graining to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof.

42. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise upon Tea; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as charges a Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon Tea imported into or sold in Great Britain.

43. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Salt.

44. An Act to enable His Majesty to call out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

45. An Act to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase or on the Credit of Debts owing to any of the Governments in Switzerland, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, without Licence for that Purpose; for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies, to Switzerland; and also the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Money or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by, any Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, to the United Provinces, and to Switzerland, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government.

46. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy.

47. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

48. An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners.

49. An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, in Trustees and their Heirs, upon certain Trusts therein mentioned, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain.

50. An Act to continue, until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

51. An Act for authorizing the billetting such Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, and for exempting from the Payment of certain Duties Persons providing Horses for the said Yeomanry Cavalry.

52. An Act to regulate the Trial of causes, Indictments, and other Proceedings, which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

53. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns.

54. An Act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Coachmakers, Auctioneers, Beer and Cyder exported. Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Skins, Drawbacks on Wines and Sweets, and Ale and Beer Licences.

55. An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia; and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

56. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned; and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; as imposes a Duty on Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates to perform the Office of Curate in any Church. or Chapel.

57. An Act for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries.

58. An Act to continue, until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.'

59. An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, videlicet, on the thirteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Light Silver Coin, of this Realm, from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; and to suspend the Coining of Silver.

60. An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein dated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

61. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, videlicet, on the eighteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawbacks and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

62. An Act to empower Magistrates and Justices of the Peace, in setting the Assize of Bread, to make an Allowance on account of the additional Duty on Salt.

63. An Act for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of The Isle of Man; for improving the Revenue thereof; and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island.

64. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

65. An Act for preventing the Depasturing of Forests, Commons, and Open Fields, with Sheep or Lambs infected with the Scab or Mange, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

66. An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

67. An Act to prevent the Exportation of Base Coin to His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies and America.

68. An Act for regulating the Payment, until two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after the End of the present War, of the Duties on Cinnamon Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon.

69. An Act for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law.

70. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

71. An Act for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Casts of Busts, and other Things therein mentioned.

72. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

73. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to predent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale of Butter; and to repeal certain Acts relating thereto.

74. An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

75. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

76. An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace.

77. An Act to amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, 'An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.'

78. An Act for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons not known: and for regulating the Printing and Publication of such Papers in other Respects.

79. An Act more effectually to prevent, during the War, Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to or remaining in France, or any Country or Place united to France, or occupied by the Armies of France; and to prevent Correspondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies.

80. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof.

81. An Act for the better Execution of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War.

82. An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

83. An Act to authorize Exchequer Bills to be issued on the Credit of the Loan granted by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions by way of Annuities.

84. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and also on such Rates and Duties as may be granted by any Act of this Session for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of Ships entering Outwards or Inwards.

85. An Act for explaining and amending certain Acts relating to the Stamp Duties; and for extending the Rates and Duties of Stamps, now payable on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to all other Materials.

86. An Act for abolishing certain Offices in the Customs, and for regulating certain other Offices therein; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund.

87. An Act for the Administration of Assets in Cases where the Executor to whom Probate has been granted is out of the Realm.

88. An Act for regulating, until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

89. An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise; and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon.

90. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

91. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

92. An Act to revive, continue until the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation, in Scotland; and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland.

93. An Act for ascertaining the Duty payable on Taxed Carts.

94. An Act for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of two Acts of the last Session of Parliament.

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

Anno Regni 38 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to amend two Acts made in the thirty-first and thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

2. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Several Acts, one passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Tadcaster to Halton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

3. An Act for extending the Time limited for determining a Lottery, established under the Authority of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of Modem Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet-Street, by Way of Chance.

4. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one made and passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresbrough and Borough-bridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborough) to Boroughbridge.

5. An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond’s Eau and Somersham Bridge; and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives; and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth, to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon.

6. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and amending the Powers of two Acts respectively made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Penrith to Chalk Beck, with a Branch from the said Road, upon Castlesowerby Pasture, to Caldbeck, all in the County of Cumberland.

7. An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmstone to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Ubley's Farm, in the Parish of Hurstperpoint, to the Marle Pit opposite to Newtimber Broad Lane, in the said County.

8. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Combe Bridge, through Winsley and Bradford to Staverton, and the Road from Bradford Bridge to Cockhill Gate, and the Road from the Bottom of Mason's Lane, near the Town of Bradford, all in the County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the County of Somerset, and a!so several other Roads leading from or near the said Roads, in the said County of Wilts, and for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the same County.

9. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumfries, to continue in force until the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money; and applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the said County.

10. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Ring George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge; and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bisley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill, the County of Gloucester.

11. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpsall, to the Town of Rochdale; and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called Besses of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called Besses of the Barn to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the Township of Prestwich; all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

12. An Act for enlarging for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester.

13. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of two Acts made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the Iop of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frog Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Buford, and Witney, and Parishes of Handborough and Bladon, to Campsfeld in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Campsfeld, to the Turnpike Road at or near Enslow Bridge, in the said County of Oxford.

14. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, at Newhaven, in the County of Sussex.

15. An Act for enlarging the Powers of the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh.

16. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town and Port of Hythe, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

17. An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glass, originally established under an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which is now expired.

18. An Act to vary the Line of the Kennet and Avon Canal authorized to be made by two Acts passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to extend the Powers of, and to amend the said Acts.

19. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith.

20. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth and thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, by Muirkirk, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and other Roads communicating therewith; and the Road from the Village of Gorbals, and New Bridge of Glasgow, by the Chapel of Cambuslang, till it joins the Road from Hamilton by Burnbank towards Eaglesham in the County of Renfrew; and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Dalmarnock or Farme Ford.

21. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from.near Dinwoodie Green, in the County of Dumfries, to or near Elvanfoot, in the County of Lanark.

22. An Act to continue for twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Whistle Bridge in the Parish of Barwick, in the County of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Charminster, in the County of Dorset; from the Cross in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of Dorset; from Furze Moor Gate, in the Parish of Broadwinsor, to Lenham's Water, in the Parish of Beaminster; from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of Beaminster, to the Dorsetshire Inn, in the Parish of Woolcombe; and from the Town of Frampton, to the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset.

23. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the Road from Huddersfield to Penistone.

24. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth.

25. An Act for making a new Road or Street from Freeschool Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, and from thence through Hickman's Court, otherwise Rose Court, to Lilliput Hall Bridge in Bermondsey; and for enlarging, for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Terms and Powers of three Acts, passed in the twenty-second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventh and thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the same, and other Roads adjoining.

26. An Act for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing o( the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, in the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham; and for removing the Market for Butchers Meat in the said Town; and for regulating the said Market; and for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Acte for the Pavinge of Newarke upon Trent, in the Countie of Nottingham.

27. An Act to continue for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, two Acts, severally passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Harnham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, to an Intrenchment on Askerwell Hill, in the County of Dorset; and from the Index Post on the Side of Harnham Hill aforesaid, to a House called Master Baker's Farm House, in the County of Wilts.

28. An Act for continuing for twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.

29. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, or Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the Newcastle-under-Lyme Canal to the Canal of Sir Nigel Bowyer Gresley Baronet, near the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, and also another Branch of Canal, or Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the said last mentioned Canal, at or near Apedale, to certain Coal and other Works, all in the County of Stafford.

30. An Act for extending the Neath Canal Navigation, and for amending an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

31. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester.

32. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers.

33. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between Beilby Lord Bishop of London, Thomas Wood Esquire, Sir John Frederick Baronet, and Arthur Stanhope Esquire, Sir John Morshead Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert Thistlethwayte Esquire, and Selina his Wife, and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

34. An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London; and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish.

35. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of Bristol, and County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard and Parsonage House, within the new Parish.

36. An Act for altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the County of Lanerk, and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned therein.

37. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid.

38. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of Winterslow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Anne’s Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Testwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton; and the other passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Romsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to Lyndhurst, and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton, and for repairing the Footways within the said City.

39. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York.

40. An Act for continuing for twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Dudley Hill, through Beckwithshaw, to Killinghall, and from Beckwithshaw to the South-west Corner of Harrogate inclosures, in the County of York.

41. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Bradford, through Adwalton, to Wakefield, in the County of York.

42. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place called The Land's End, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

43. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, the other in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the same relate to the Abingdon District of the said Roads therein mentioned.

44. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts of the second and twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Colley Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

45. An Act for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-eighth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, and of the fourth and twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh; and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North Esk, and the Water of Leith, in the said County.

46. An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Wincanton, in the County of Somerset; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

47. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln; and also a Collatera Cut from the said Canal, to join the said River Dunn, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding.

48. An Act for repairing the Roads from the Stone Pillar upon Alconbury Hill, to Wansford Bridge; and from Norman Cross to the South End of Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon; and for repealing certain Acts relating thereto.

49. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and amend the Powers, of three Acts passed in the twenty-second and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stanford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid to the Market Cross in the Town of Bourn, in the said County of Lincoln, and from the North End of Stamford Bridge to Scotgate, both in Stamford aforesaid.

50. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the eighteen Mile Stone, beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Lane in Kilmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate, on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset; and also for altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads communicating therewith.

51. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County.

52. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Doncaster to the Turnpike Road which leads from Bawtry to Retford, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, and for amending the said Act.

53. An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Maypole in the Town of Henfield, over Poynings Common, to the Town of Brighthelmstone, and from Poynings Common aforesaid to High Cross, in the Parish of Albourne, and from thence for the Distance of two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, and from the Marle Pit near the Bottom of Saddlescomb Hill, in the Parish of Newtimber, to the Marle Pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, unto Herring's Clappers, in the Parish of Twineham, in the said County.

54. An Act for further continuing for thirty-eight Years the Term granted by an Act of the twenty-fifth. Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, and Places adjacent, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending the said Act.

55. An Act for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread,' so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

56. An Act for continuing until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex.

57. An Act for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Light-houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

58. An Act for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Session, and also a Special Session, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Avenues leading into the same; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

60. An Act for making and maintaining a new Sewer, upon Little Tower Hill, within the County of Middlesex.

61. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphan's Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes.

62. An Act for authorizing the Trustees therein named, to raise Money by Rates or Assessments, within the Parish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, for the better and more effectually discharging Annuities, heretofore granted to certain Persons who have advanced Money towards repairing the Church belonging to the said Parish.

63. An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Territories, of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grovehill, Sandholme, Storkhill, Molescroft, Leckonfield, Arram, Scorbrough, Lockington, Ayke, Beswick, Wilsholme, Kilnwick, Watton, Hutton-Cranswick, Rotsen, Featherholme, Skerne, Brigham, Fishholme, Nasserton, Lowthorpe, Harpham, Little Kelk, Foston, Burton-Agnes, Gransmoor, Lisset, Barmston, Ulram otherwise Owram, Skipsea, Dringhoe, Beeford, North Frodingham, Brandes-Burton, Moor-Town, Leven, Emmotland, Hempholme, Goodhill House, and Struncheon Hill, all in the East Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from West End to Botley, in the County of Southampton.

65. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers of two several Acts, the one passed in the twenty ninth ear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leasing from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe-hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the same relate to the Oxford District of the said Roads therein mentioned.

66. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to the Churchway in Lower Stanton Field, in the County of Wilts, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton aforesaid; and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackament's Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester; and also the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at Acton Turville; and also from Sherstone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath; and for making, maintaining, widening, and improving several other Roads communicating therewith.

67. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and rendering more effectual, several Acts for repairing the Road from the Golden Farmer near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to Basingstoke and Odiham, both in the said County of Southampton; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Southern Extremity of Northwarnborough Lane near Odiham aforesaid, over Northwarnborough Common, Hook Common, and Bartley Heath, and through the Parishes of Rotherwicke, Mattingley, and Heckfield, to a Place called the Bull Inn in the Parish of Swallowfield, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke aforesaid.

68. An Act for the better Government and Regulation of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

69. An Act for separating the two Parishes, called The Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, and The Parish of Saint George, in the County of Gloucester, as to the Maintenance of the Poor and the Repairs of the Highways of those Parishes, and as to ail Rates, Assessments, and Taxes, except the Land Tax; and for providing a Work-house for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George; and for the better Relief and Management of the Poor of both Parishes.

70. An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Fen Grounds lying in the Parishes of Outwell, Stow Bardolph, Wimbotsham, and Downham, in the County of Norfolk.

71. An Act for more effectually widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Crossford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

72. An Act for the better Security and Defence of the Town and Port of Liverpool.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno Regni 38 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and allotting the Commonable Pastures within the Parishes of Chedzoy, in the County of Somerset.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common Fields, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hethersett, in the County of Norfolk.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain Waste or Common, called Elsted Marsh, within the several Parishes of Elsted and Trotton, or one of them, in the County of Sussex.

4. An Act for naturalizing Henry Jolivet.

5. An Act for naturalizing John Fredrick Peter Schmiding.

6. An Act for naturalizing Augustus Frederick Pieschel.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Joachim Diederick Wegener.

8. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Richard Aldworth Lord Braybrooke, Baron of Braybrooke, and Richard Neville, Henry Neville, George Neville, and William Neville, and all and every other Son and Sons of the said Richard Aldworth Lord Braybrooke, and their Issue Male, respectively, when they shall respectively become beneficially entitled to the Possession, or to the Rents and Profits, of certain Estates devised by the Will of the late Right Honourable John Griffin, Lord Howard de Walden and Lord Braybrooke, deceased, or shall become entitled to the Peerage of the Barony of Braybrooke in Possession, to use and take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Griffin, pursuant to the said Will.

9. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Sack.

10. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pasture, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Middlezoy in the County of Somerset.

11. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Leke, other wise East Leke, in the County of Nottingham.

12. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Fozard with Sarah Sophia Leckie, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Fournier.

14. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Iselin and Daniel Eckenstein.

15. An Act for naturalizing Henry Ferdinand Pelerin.

16. An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Chittingly otherwise Chiddingly, in the County of Sussex, Part of the settled Estate of the Reverend Henry Chatfield Clerk, in him and his Heirs, and for substituting and settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Balcombe and Westhoathly, in the said County, the Estate and Inheritance of the said Henry Chatfield, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

17. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within that Part of the Manor of Askerton in the Barony of Gilsland, which lies within the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of Cumberland.

18. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of Upper Denton and Nether Denton, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Gilsland, in the County of Cumberland.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open Town Field called Sowerby Field, a certain Stinted Pasture called The Ox Moor, and a Common or Moor called South Moor, and other Waste Grounds, within the Township of Sowerby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

20. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Hamlet of Chilton, in the Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset.

21. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Emberton, in the County of Buckingham.

22. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, lying within the several Tythings of Upton and Milton, within the Parish of East Knoyle otherwise Bishops Knoyle, in the County of Wilts.

23. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Keyworth, in the County of Nottingham.

24. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open, Arable, and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Guiting Power, in the County of Gloucester.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands in the Townships of Broughton, Pentrobin, and Bannell, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint.

26. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Bozeat, in the County of Northampton.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Kelmscot, in the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Oxford.

28. An Act for dividing, enclosing, allotting, and improving, the several Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Messingham, and that Part of the Hamlet of East Butterwick, in the Parish of Messingham, in the County of Lincoln.

29. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields, Mesne Enclosures, and Waste Lands, within the Township of Ulley, in the several Parishes of Treeton and Aston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

30. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Wanostrocht.

31. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Reichard and Peter Raymond Poland.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Portbury, in the County of Somerset.

33. An Act to enable George Pescod Esquire, a Lunatic, or his Committee, to execute Conveyances, Surrenders, and Alignments, of such of the Estates devised by the Will of William Pescod Esquire, deceased, in Trust, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, as are, or shall be, sold under the Decree of the High Court of Chancery.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Stanton, in the County of Suffolk.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields in the Parishes of Medstead and Bentworth, in the County of Southampton.

36. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Reydon, in the County of Suffolk.

37. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bradford Peverell, in the County of Dorset.

38. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Rockborne, in the County of Southampton, and Wichbury, in the County of Wilts.

39. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Gisleham and Pakefield, in the County of Suffolk.

40. An Act for vesting certain undivided Moieties of several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Sussex, Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Honywood Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

41. An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of Torry Elston, late of Holbeach Marsh, in the County of Lincoln, Grazier, but now of Wisbeach Saint Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, Merchant, and Elizabeth his Wife, situate at Gonnerby, Manthorbe, and Allington, in the said County of Lincoln, in Trustees, in Trust, to convey the same to the Right Honourable Brownlow Lord Brownlow, and for laying out the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

42. An Act for exchanging Part of the Estates settled by the Will of Jacob Houblon Esquire, for Part of the Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of his Son John Houblon Esquire.

43. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Edward Seymour Baity Esquire, and Phillis his Wife, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies thence arising, in Discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof.

44. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, 'An Act for augmenting the Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, and for improving the Deanry and Prebends of the said Cathedral,' and to make further provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabric Fund thereof.

45. An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates devised by the Will of the late Arthur Jones Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Nottingham, Carmarthen, Cardigan, and Middlesex, and in the Cities and Liberties of London and Westminster, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale, together with the Sum of fifty-three thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds three Shillings and Four-pence, Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, on Trust, in a certain Cause in the said Court, Macnamara against Jones, being the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of the said Testator Arthur Jones, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said Trustees to grant Leases of the Estates so to be purchased, and also to cut Timber growing thereupon, subject to Restrictions.

46. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pasture and Turbary Lands, and for exchanging, allotting, and fencing, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, and for stinting and regulating the stocking and depasturing certain Droves, in the Village or Hamlet of Catcott, within the Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset.

47. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sandy, in the County of Bedford.

48. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wilbarston, in the County of Northampton.

49. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Bleathwood Common, within the Parish of Little Hereford, in the County of Hereford.

50. An Act for dividing and enclosing a certain Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Sicklinghall with Woodhall, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of York.

51. An Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Common Arable Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Shrewton, in the County of Wilts.

52. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Weston Turville, in the County of Buckingham.

53. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Tweedmouth and Spittle Common, and all other the Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Chapelry of Tweedmouth, and County of Durham, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain ancient Infield Lands, within the said Chapelry.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

55. An Act for allotting and dividing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parishes of Harston and Hauxton, and certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying in certain Fields called Mount Field, Red Dean Field, and Pessills Field, and Part of a certain Moor called Little Shelford Moor, within Harston and Hauxton aforesaid, and the Parishes of Little Shelford and Newton, some or one of them, all in the County of Cambridge.

56. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Kirkby Overblow, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of York.

57. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Boddington Esquire, with Grace Ashburner his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of the Honourable and Reverend Thomas James Twisleton with Charlotte Anne Frances his now Wife, late Charlotte Anne Frances Wattell, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of James Woodmason Esquire, with Mary Magdelain his now Wife, late Mary Magdelain GavilLe, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An Act for naturalizing Eberhard Fredrick Rheinwald.

61. An Act for naturalizing Emily de Visme, an Infant.

62. An Act for naturalizing John Brock.

63. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Guitton Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

64. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Robert Lawley Baronet, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, for the said Sir Robert Lawley, to be sold, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Salop, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

65. An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common in, upon, or over, certain Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Parish of Whipsnade, in the County of Bedford; and for enabling William Beckford Esquire, the Owner of the said Woods or Wood Grounds, to enclose the same; and for vesting a perpetual clear yearly Rent Charge, to be issuing out of the same Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates, as a Compensation for such Right of Common.

66. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Commons or Moors called Chilton Common, otherwise Wild Marsh, Pury Green, and Harp Common, and also for dividing, regulating, and improving, certain Common Fields or Grounds called Chilton Moor, and Pury Moor, all situate within the several Parishes of Chilton Trinity, Wembdon, Durleigh, and Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset.

67. An Act for dividing and allotting, with Powers to enclose, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Kensworth, in the County of Hertford.

68. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir Edward Lloyd Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

69. An Act to confirm the Renunciation and Release of James Gordon Esquire, as one of the Devisees, in Trust, of Samuel Whitbread Esquire, deceased, and to give Powers of Sale and Exchange over the settled and devised Estates late of the said Samuel Whitbread, and Power of changing and appointing new Trustees of the same Estates, and also Power of granting Building Leases of certain Parts thereof.

70. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon the settled Estates of Le Gendre Pierce Starkie Esquire, and applying the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and allowing Conveyances in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of Years, to be made of Part of such settled Estates, for the Purpose of building.

71. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir John Mordaunt deceased, in the Right Honourable Charles Henry Earl of Peterborough and Monmouth, in lieu of other Estates settled to the Uses of the said Will.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, all the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of Thurcaston, in the County of Leicester.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of Swithland, in the County of Leicester.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Mavis Enderby, in the County of Lincoln.

75. An Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Sutton Veny, in the County of Wilts.

76. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common and Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby.

77. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Long Stow, in the County of Cambridge.

78. An Act for dividing and enclosing certain Common Fields, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, called Stone Fields and The Sand Pits.

79. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of Queen or Little Sedgmoor, in the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in Glastonbury, and also certain Parcels of Waste Land in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Saint Benedict in Glastonbury, all in the County of Somerset.

80. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Caddington, in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford.

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, draining, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Land, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Swaffham Bulbeck, in the County of Cambridge.

82. An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, enclosing, and draining, Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon, as relates to the Lands or Grounds thereby directed to be set out and allotted in lieu of Tythes.

83. An Act for naturalizing Carl Friedrich Giester.

84. An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of Kirk Deighton and Thomas Thornton Esquire, of Part of his Glebe Lands, for other Lands there, the Property of the said Thomas Thornton, which are more conveniently situated for the said Rector and his Successors.

85. An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Lands at Chorlton Row and Grindlow, in the County of Lancaster, in the Guardians of John Hyde Esquire, an Infant the only Son and Residuary Legatee named in the last Will and Testament of Nathan Hyde Esquire, deceased, in Trust, to contract with Holland Ackers Esquire, for the Sale of, and to convey the same to him upon the Terms mentioned and specified in a certain Contract made by the said Nathan Hyde with the said Holland Ackers, and in case the said Holland Ackers shall not be willing to enter into such Contract, then to contract with any other Person or Persons for the Sale of, and to convey the same together, not in Parcels, to such Person or Persons, upon the same or better Terms.

86. An Act for naturalizing James Ecbert Hoolboom.

87. An Act for naturalizing William Brodum, Doctor of Physic.

88. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Holwhede.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo quinto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-fifth Day of November, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of

our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the thirtieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; being the fifth Session of the seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

[21st January 1795.]

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

[21st January 1795.]

[4s. in the £.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

'WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, taking into our serious Consideration such Expences as are absolutely necessary for supporting your Majesty's Government, and being resolved to supply the same, have, for that End and Purpose, cheerfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty the several and respective Rates and Assessments hereafter mentioned;' and we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

[Recital of 22 Geo. III. Cap. 82.]

---

LXXI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign

Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by JuPp

which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Li/ly) the Office of Paymaster of the Pensions^ 4 amongst others, is suppressed, abolished, and taken away; and it is thereby also enacted, That no Pension whatsoever on the Civil Establishment shall thereafter be paid but at the Exchequer, and in the same Manner as those Pen lions which were then paid and entered at the Exchequer, under the Head, Title, and Description of Pensions, and that those which were transferred thither by the said Act, shall be subject to no Taxes or Fees whatsoever, except the Taxes and Fees to which before the said Act they woe subject: And whereas the Pensions, which were before the passing of the said Act payable at the Office of the Paymaster of the Pensions, and to the Servants of the late Queen Caroline, and the late Princess Dowager of Wales, were nearly one Half of the Amount of the Whole of the Pensions which in pursuance of the said Act are now payable at the Exchequer;’ be it enacted, That, from and after passing this Act, one Half of the Amount of the Pension Lift shall be rated, charged, and assessed, and continue to be rated, charged, and assessed, to the Land Tax, in the said Division of the Palaces of Whitehall and Saint James, and in no other Division, in each Year and the other Half of the Amount of the Pension Lift shall be rated, charged, and assessed, and continue to be rated, charged, and assessed to the Land Tax, the Offices executed in Westminster Hall\ and in no other Division or Place, in each Year, the said

Where the Pension List shall be rated to the Land Tax.

Superannuated Sea-officers, Pensions of Widows of Sea-officers,

&c. not to pay, nor Poor Knights of Wiudfor.

31 Geo. III. Cap. 30, and

33 Geo. III. Cap. 65, recited.

His Majesty in Council may prohibit the Expottation from Great Britain, of any Wheat, &c. ard permit the Importation of any ioreign Corn, Sec,

Duty-free, as also the taking out Foreign Corn from Warehouses for Home Consumption,

2 C. 3, 4. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Offices paying one Moiety or Half Part of the clear Monies received on the said Half of the Amount of the Pension Lift, to be rated, charged, and affected, by the said Offices to the Land Tax, to the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster, and to no other Division or Place, in each Year.

XCVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any of the several Clauses therein contained, shall not extend to charge the Pensions of any superannuated Commission or Warrant Sea-officers, or the Pensions of Widows of Sea-officers (lain in the Service of the Crown, or the Pensions of Officers for their Services or Sufferings in his Majesty's Navy, or of the Pensions of the Widows or Children of Officers of his Majesty's Navy, granted to them for the Merits of their Husbands or Parents respectively; or the Revenue of the most Noble Order of the Garter; or the Pensions of the Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of the Exchequer only; but that the same shall not extend to leilen-the Sum provided by this Act.

CAP. III.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall Jufpeft are conspiring against his Person and Government.

[5th February 1795.]

34 Geo. III. Cap. 54. recited. Persons imprisoned for High Treason, &c. may be detained till July 1, 44 1795, Ad in Scotland of 1701, for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, so far as may relate to

"Treason, &c. suspended till July 1, 1795, &c. Privileges of Parliament not invalidated. Act may be altered or repealed this Session."

CAP. IV.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, without Payment of Duty.

[13th February 1795.]

WHEREAS it appears from the general Average Prices of certain Sorts of Corn in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, That his Majesty is not now authorised to prohibit the Exportation of such Sorts of British Corn from Scotland, nor to permit the Importation of such Sorts of Foreign Cora into Scotland, pursuant to the Powers in him vested by two Acts, one passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; the other, passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported* And whereas it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, that his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, should be authorised, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, for a limited Time, to prohibit generally the Exportation of any Sort of Corn, and of other Articles mentioned in the said Acts, from any Part of this Kingdom, and to permit generally the Importation of the same into any Part of this Kingdom, whatever may be the general Average Price of any such Sort of Com or of Oatmeal, and further to permit the same to be imported in British Ships, or in Ships belonging c to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, and to permit the same to be taken out of Warehouse, without Payment of any Duty whatever May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, whatever may be the general Average Price of any of the said Sorts of Corn or of Oatmeal in England or Scotland respectively, from Time to Time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the Exportation, from England and Scotland respectively, of any British or Foreign Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, or any Meal or Flour, or Bread, Biscuit, or Malt, made thereof, or any Indian Cgrn or Maize, or Meal or Flour made thereof, and to permit generally the Importation, into England or Scotland respectively, of any Foreign Com or other Ai tides as aforesaid, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; and also the taking out of Warehouse for Home Consumption, of any such Foreign Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; and also the entering of any such Foreign Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, which shall have been imported into this Kingdom on or before the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and shall remain on Shipboard unentered, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; and in like Manner to recall such Prohibition or Permission, either in Part or in the Whole, if Circumstances shall appear so to require; any Thing in the said before-mentioned Acts, or

in any other Act, or Part of any Act, to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Person shall export,

A.D. 1795 Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

any Ad

C

3

mport,

Penalty for exporting or importing contrary hereto.

Power to prohibit Exportation not to extend to Foreign Corn, &c. imported and warehoused

or man load or lay on Doard any amp or other veiiei with intent to export, or it any I any Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, contrary to such Prohibition or Permission or his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, the Person so exporting, or loading or laying on board with Intent to export, or the Person so importing the same, shall be liable and subjc£l to the like Forfeitures and Penalties, and the said Corn or other Articles, and the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be exported, or loaded or laid on board, or in which the same shall be imported, shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures, and in like Manner to be sued for. prosecuted, 'recovered, and disposed, as if the said Corn or other Articles were exported, or loaded or laid on board, or imported, contrary to the Provisions of either of the said two Acts, passed in the thirty-first and in the thirty-third Years of his present Majesty's Reign:

Provided always, That the Power hereby granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation from this Kingdom, of any Sort of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, that shall have been imported and warehoused, in the Manner and on the Conditions mentioned in the before-mentioned Act of the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and shall not have been taken out of such Warehouse for Home Consumption*

agreeable to first recited Act, not taken out for Home Consumption.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to permit the carrying Coastwise, or carrying out, or the Exportation, of the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, for all or any of the Purposes mentioned in the said two Acts passed in the thirty-first and thirty-third Years of his present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, in like Manner, and in the same Proportions and Quantities, and from and to the same Ports and Places as is allowed by the said two Acts, or either of them, at such Times as any of the several Sorts of Com, or other Articles as aforesaid, are prohibited to be exported, subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, Forfeitures and Penalties, as are by the said two Acts, or by either of them, in any such Case required and imposed.

III. And whereas it is likewise expedient, under the present Circumstances, to permit, for a limited Time, the Importation of certain other Provisions into Great Britain, in British Ships, or in Ships belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whar- ever, without Payment of any Duty whatever;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatever to import into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, any Beans called Kidney or French Beans> Tares, Lentiles, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine; Beef, Pork,

Mutton, VeaL and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise; Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes,

Rice, Sago, Sago-powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour-crout, without the Payment of any Duty whatever, at all Times before the said Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the said next Session of Parliament; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall be made of all such Beans called Kidney or French Beans1 Tares, Lentiles, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse; and of such Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine; Beef and Pork, Veal, Mutton,

Council may permit the carrying Coastwise, &c. Com, &c. for the Purposes mentioned in the recited Acts, As-

certain Articles

may be im orted into Great Britain from any Phce, in British Vefless, or VefT Is belonging to Places in Amity with his Majesty, Duty iroc.

icers of the Cuf-

and Lamb; Bacon, Hams, 'Longues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago-powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour-crout, that shall be imported by virtue of

Drder in Council made under the Authority thereof, with the proper Offi< toms at the rort into which the same shall be imported; and in Default thereof, the same shall be forfeited, an6 mall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and incurred by this Act, (and not herein otherwise specially directed to be prosecuted and recovered,) shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods, Ships, or Vessels, forfeited for any Offence against the Laws of Customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act shall be entitled to, and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty, or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivancies, or other Sorts of Pulse; or Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Swine, Beef, Pork, Veal, Mutton, Lamb, Bacon, Hams, l ongues, Butter^ Cheese, Potatoes Rice, Sago, Sago-powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, or

*r-crout, herein-before permitted to be imported without Payment of Duty, shall have been imported

into this Kingdom on or before the said first Day of December last, and shall remain on Shipboard unentered,

shall be lodged and secured in any Warehouse or Warehouses in this Kingdom under his Majesty's , the Duties dtie by Law not having been paid on such Goods, it shall and may be lawful for the Oncers of his Majesty's Custonls in England and Scotland respectively, during the Continuance of

1 iB a

Entry of such Articles td bd made with thv Officer of the Customs, on Penalty of Forfeiture.

How Penaltie* may be sued for and dispoibd of.

proper

If any such Articles have been imported by Dec. i, 1794, and remain on board unentered, or fee u md in Warehouse*,

they may be dtiivci%d for

4

Home Consumption,

Duty free.

His Majesty in Council may prohibit or permit the Importation of such Articles as may be thought expedient.

Copies of Orders made in Council to be laid before Parliament.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

Men to serve in the Navy shall be levied in England, in the Proportions following, viz.

C. 5. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

this Act, to deliver any such Goods to the Importers or Proprietors thereof for Home Consumption, without Payment of any Duty whatever, on a regular Entry being first made for the same, with the proper Officers of the Customs; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding any Thing contained in this, or in any other Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Continuance of this Act, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, from Time to Time to prohibit, or from Time to Time to permit, the Importation of any Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivancics, and all other Sorts of Pulse; and of Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Swine, Beef, Boric, Veal, Mutton, Lamb, Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago-powder. Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour-crout, for such Time or Times, and in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may be thought expedient and proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That Copies of such Orders as shall be made by his Majesty in Council, for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Act, if made when Parliament is fitting, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within three Days after the same shall have been issued; and if made when Parliament is not fitting, then within fourteen Days after the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to alter or repeal this present Act, and every or any Thing therein contained, in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. V.

An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of his Majesty's Navy.

[5th March 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the public Service, at the present Conjundure, that the most effectual c W Measures should be adopted, for providing a speedy Supply of Men to serve in his Majesty's Navy:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be levied, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in the several Counties, Ridings and Divisions, herein after mentioned, such able-bodied Men to serve his Majesty in the Navy of Great Britain, at such Times, and in such Manner, as is herein directed; and that the Number of Men to be levied by virtue of this Act shall be as follows; (that is to say,) 1.

For the County of Bedford, sixty-seven.

For the County of Berks, one hundred and eight.

For the County of Bucks, one hundred and seventeen.

For the County of Cambridge, one hundred and twenty-six.

For the County of Chester, with the City and County of the City of Chester, two hundred and forty-six.

For the County of Cornwall, one hundred and ninety-four.

For the County of Cumberland, one hundred and eighty-four.

For the County of Derby, one hundred and ninety-four.

For the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, three hundred and ninety-

For the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Poole, one hundred and forty-two. For the County of Durham, one hundred and seventy-three.

For the County of Essex, two hundred and forty-four.

For the County of Gloucester, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and County of the City of Bristol, two hundred and one.

For the County of Hereford, one hundred and two.

For the County of Hertford, one hundred and fourteen.

For the County of Huntingdon, forty-five.

For the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and such of the Cinque Ports as are situate within the said County of Kent, four hundred and forty.

For the County of Lancaster, five hundred and eighty-nine.

For the County of Leicester, one hundred and eighty-three.

For the Division of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, one hundred and ninety-one; for the Division of Kesteven, in the said County of Lincoln, ninety-three; and for the Division of Holland, in the said County of Lincoln, fifty-eight.

For the City and County of the City of London, one hundred and ninety-eight.

For the County of Middlesex, inclusive of the Division commonly called The Tower Hamlets, and the Liberty of the Tower, four hundred and fifty-one.

For the County of Monmouth, fifty-eight.

For the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Nonvich, two hundred and sixty. For the County of Northampton, one hundred and thirty-seven.

5

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

For the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle~upon-Tynr, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, one hundred and seventy-six.

For the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, one hundred and sixty-one.

For the County of Oxford, one hundred and twenty-seven.

For the County of Rutland, twenty-three.

For the County of Salop, one hundred and seventy-six.

For the County of Somerset, three hundred and fifty-one.

For the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, two hundred and thirty-six.

For the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Litchfield, two hundred and forty-five.

For the County of Suffolk, two hundred and sixty-three.

For the County of Surrey, three hundred and twenty-three.

For the County of Sussex, with such of the Cinque Ports as are situate within the said County, one hundred and seventy-two.

For the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, one hundred and nin:ty-three.

For the County of Westmoreland, sixty-nine.

For the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of Wilts, one hundred and sixty.

For the East Riding of the County of York, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, one hundred and seventy-five; for the West Riding of the said County, six hundred and nine; and for the North Riding of the said County, with the City and County of the City of York, two hundred and ninety-seven.

For the County of Anglesea, thirty-four.

For the County of Brecknock, forty-one.

For the County of Cardigan, thirty-six.

For the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, sixty-seven.

For the County of Carnarvon, thirty-six.

For the County of Denbigh, seventy-three.

For the County of Flint, thirty-eight.

For the County of Glamorgan, seventy-six.

For the County of Merioneth, forty-three.

For the County of Montgomery, sixty-nine.

For the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest, forty-six.

For the County of Radnor, twenty-six.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, and they are hereby required, to constitute and appoint, in such of the Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, in such Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, (except in the City and County of the City of London,) so many Officers to regulate the Admission of Men to be levied under the Authority of this Act for his Majesty's Service, as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary; who,.being so respectively appointed, shall establish a convenient Place or Places of Rendezvous, in each such County, Riding, or Division, (except the City and County of the City of London as aforesaid,) for the Reception of such Men; and every such Man so to be levied shall, before his Inrolment, be examined by one such Regulating Officer at the least, as to his Ability to serve his Majesty; and every such Officer shall have full Power of approving or of rejecting any Man tendered to serve his Majesty, subject nevertheless to such Controul and Superintendance as by this Act is particularly directed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the several Counties, Ridings, and Divisions aforesaid, shall, within a Time not exceeding twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act, assemble together at some convenient Place in each County, Riding, or Division, where the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace have heretofore or usually been held, and there hold a Court of General Sessions, for the Purpose of carrying effectually into Execution the Powers given to them by this Act; and that in every Case where any City, Town or Borough, Cinque Port or Liberty, is hereby united with any County at large, Riding, or Division, in estimating the Number, of Men to be raifcJ by virtue of this Act, the Justices of such City, Town or Borough, Cinque Port or Liberty, shall allcmble themselves together with the Justices of such County at large. Riding, or Division, and the Justices (b alVembled shall respectively have and be entitled to exercise the Powers and lurisdictions of Justices of the

Peace, in all Things touching the Execution of this Act, as well for such City, Town, Borough, Cinque Port, or Liberty, as also (or such County at large, Riding, or Division, and shall be deemed and taken to be Lich Justices respectively, without any other or further Qualification; and that the said Justices so assembled may, from Time to Time, as often as they shall find it neccll'ary, adjourn such Court of General Sessions, so that such Adjournment shall not be for any longer Time than from Day to Day, (Sundays excepted.) until they shall have fully and effectually carried this Act into Execution, in respect of the Powers vested in

such

Admiralty to appoint Officers to regulate the Admufion of Men, &c.

Justices, within 21 Days alter passing this Act, to hold a General Sessions for carrying it into Execution.

6

C. 5. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Clerk of the Peace, with the A flint of two Justices, to appoint the 'rime of holding the first General Sessions.

If sufficient Justices do not attend, the Sessions may be adjourned.

Treasury to cause Lifts to be prepared of the Number of inhabited Houses within the Limits of each Court of Sessions liable to pay the Duties on Houses, &c. and laid before the Justices-

Justices to appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Hundred, &c. and to order the Constables to give Notice of the Number, and the Time for raising them, to the Parish Officers.

Justices at General Sessions to appoint Petty Sessions for receiving Re-, turns, and attesting and inrolling Men.

At first Petty Sessions, Constables and Parish Officers to make Returns,

&c

Mayor, &c. of London, at the General Sessions, to appoint the Number of Men to Ycrve for each Ward, &c. in Proportion to the Amount of such Court of General Sessions by this Act, except as to such Adjournment as shall be made to the Quarter Sessions as herein after is mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County, Riding, or Division, where a Court of General Sessions is hereby directed to beheld, shall, with the Assent of any two Justices of the Peace of any such County, Riding, or Division, appoint the Time and Place of holding the first Court of General Sessions, to be held by virtue of rhis Ad, of which Notice shall be given in any Newspaper usually circulated in such County, Riding, or Division, five Days at the least before the Day appointed for holding such Court; and in case, at such Time of appointing such Court, or at any subsequent Time of appointing such Court by Adjournment, there shall not be Justices of the Peace attending sufficient to hold such General Sessions, any one Justice of the Peace who shall there attend shall and

may adjourn the same to the next Day, and so from Day to Day (Sundays excepted) until such Court shall be held; and in case no such Justice shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for holding such Court then the Cleric of the Peace shall adjourn the Time of holding such Court from Dav to Dav (Sunday) excepted) until such Court shall be duly held.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being shall cause to be prepared true Lists of the Number of all the inhabited Houses

within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of each Court of General Sessions, which are assessed and pay to the Duties on inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in such Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, distinguishing* therein each Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District, and also each Parish, Tithing, or Place, within such Hundred Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or^District, and shall cause the same to be laid before the Justices then assembled at their respective Courts of General Sessions, by the respective Surveyors of the said Duties, and to be by them verified on Oath, if required (which Oath the said Justices then assembled are hereby authorized to administer); and such Justices respectively shall proceed to appoint what Number of Mgn shall serve for each such Hundred, City, or Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District, and also for each Parish, Tithing, or Place, separately supporting it’s own Poor, within such Hundred, City, or Town, Rape, Lath Wapentake, or District respectively, and in Proportion, as nearly as may be, to the Number of Houses therein respectively assessed and paying to the said Duties, and so as the whole Number of Men appointed by this Act to be rated for such County, Riding, or Division, may be included, and shall issue an Order, signed by the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding, or Division, to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Laths, Wapentakes, of other Districts, within such Counties, Ridings, or Divisions as aforesaid, requiring them to give Notice to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of every Parish Tithing, or Place, separately supporting its own Poor, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths* Wapentakes, or other Districts, of the Number of Men so appointed to be levied for such Parishes, Tubings* or Places respectively, and of the Time allowed for raising the same, and of making a Return to such Orders; all which Particulars shall be specified in such Orders, and Notices respectively: And the said

Justices, at such Court of General Sessions, shall also appoint Petty Sessions to be held within the different )iftrids of each County, Riding, or Division, wherein Petty Sessions have been usually held, and also within each City, Borough, Town, Cinque Port, or Liberty, having Magistrates of itself, for the Purpose of receiving the Returns of the Officers of the several Parishes,# Tithings, or Places, within those Districts respectively, and of attesting and causing to be inrolled the Number of Men to be raised by virtue of this Act after such Persons shall be approved of by the Regulating Officer or Officers to be appointed for that Purpose; and the said Justices shall also appoint a Time for holding the first Petty Sessions to be holden in each District under this Act, at which first Petty Sessions Returns shall be made by the Chief Constables and other Officers, and also by the Churchwardens or Overseers, of all Matters and Things done by them in pursuance of this Act, according to the Directions therein contained, and which Petty Sessions shall be ap-

5' ointed at a Day not later than twenty-one Days after issuing the Orders before-mentioned; and such ustices, having completed such Orders, shall and may then adjourn their Court of General Sessions to the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, Riding, or Division.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the City of London, assembled at the General Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said City, by virtue of this Act, shall appoint the Number of Men to serve for each Ward or Parish Precind, Liberty, and Place, separately supporting its own Poor, within the City and County of the City of London aforesaid, as nearly as may be to the Amount of the Assessment to the Duties on inhabited Houses,

' and the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in such Ward or Parish, Precinct, Liberty, and Place respectively, instead of the Number of Houses therein respectively assessed and paying to the said Duties, as herein-before directed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

the Duties on Houses, &c.

Clerks to the VII. And, for enabling the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the City of London aforesaid to appoint Commissioners or apportion the Number of Men herein-before directed, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, HoufrT &c That the Clerk or Clerks to the respective Commissioners for carrying into Execution the several Acts of in Lomlon’, toC Parliament reading the Duties on inhabited Houses, and the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in prepare Lists of the City and County of the City of London aforesaid, shall prepare, or cause to be prepared, true Lists of the Number of the Number of all inhabited Houses which are assessed, and pay to the Duties, on inhabited Houses, or to the

Koufesaflefled; Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in the City and County of the City of London aforesaid, b.y virtue

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5

7

of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, and also the Amount of the Assessments of the said Duties respectively, distinguishing therein each Ward or Parish, Precinct, Liberty, or Place, separately supporting its own Poor, within the City and County of the City of London aforesaid; and the said Lifts shall respectively be verified on Oath by the said Clerk or Clerks, if required, (which Oath the said Mayor, Recorder, or Aldermen respectively, are hereby authorized to administer,) and laid before the Mayor, Rccoider, and Aldermen, assembled at their respective General or Quarter Sessions aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, within every County, Riding, or Division, (not being a City, Town, or Borough, and a County of itself, nor a City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, or Liberty, having respectively their own Magistrates or Justices,) the Justices of the Peace usually acting in and for the District wherein such Petty Sessions shall be directed by the Court of General Sessions to be held, or such other Justices as shall be specially appointed by the Court of General Sessions to act in such District, which they are hereby authorized to appoint in every District where they (bail fee Occasion, shall be the Justices for holding such Petty Sessions, and no other; and that within any City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, or Liberty, or any City, Borough, or Town, being a County of itself, the Justices or Magistrates of such City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, or Liberty, and no other, shall hold such Petty Sessions within such City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, or Liberty; and such Justices respectively shall meet and hold their respective Petty Sessions at the Time and Place appointed by the General Sessions, and shall receive the Returns of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of all such Parishes, Tithings, and Places respectively, touching the Execution of the Orders given to them under this Act; and shall, at their first Petty Sessions to be held by virtue of this Act, fix a Time or Times for hearing the Appeals of Parishes, Tithings, or Plages, charged to raise Men under this Act, against the Proceedings of Regulating Officers to be appointed under this Act, as herein after is directed; and shall give Notice at what Time or Times, Place or Places, any such Appeal may be heard and determined, and which shall not be later than twenty Days after the respective Times appointed for making Returns by the Churchwardens or Overseers respectively; and such Justices shall then and there meet to hear and determine such Appeals, and in all Respects shall do and execute, with Diligence and Dispatch, all Matters and Things intruded to them by this Act; and any one or more o; loch Justices there attending, or in Default of such Attendance the High Constable or other Principal Officer of the Peace of the Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, City, Borough, Town, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Petty Sessions shall be held, shall have Authority from Time to Time to adjourn the Petty Sessions, giving public Notice of the Time and Place of holding the next adjourned Sessions, and so from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, by causing such Notice in Writing to be affixed on the Door of the Church or Chapel of the Place where such Sessions shall be held, two Days at least before the Time of holding such Sessions, where such Time shall intervene, otherwise at such convenient Time as shall be most expedient.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices at their General Sessions to add together, whenever they shall think it necessary, two or more Parishes, Tithings, or Places, for the raising any Man or Number of Men, by virtue of this Act, so as to make the Charge within every Parish, Tithing, or Place, as equal and impartial as possible; and that where the Parishes, Tithings, or Places, so added together, shall lie in different Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or Districts within the same County, Riding, or Division, to direct in what Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District the same shall be considered, for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Justices, and also the Justices at their Petty Sessions,- and all Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parishes,.

Tithings, and Places respectively, so added together, shall proceed to raise the Proportion of Men in like Manner as if they had been originally charged upon one Parish, Tithing, or Place; and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the several Parishes, Tithings, and Places, so added together, shall act together in the Execution of this Act as if they were respectively Officers of one and the same Parish, Tithing, or Place; and that where there shall be any extra-parochial Place, or other Place wherein no Rate for the Relief of the Poor shall have been made within the Space of three Years next before the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justices at such General Sessions to add such extra-parochial or other Place where no Rates have been made as aforesaid, for raising the Quota of Men by virtue of this Act, to any Parish, Tithing, or Place adjoining thereto, and where Churchwardens or Overseers shall be appointed and shall act; and such Churchwardens or Overseers of such other Parish, Tithing, or Place, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, by virtue of such Addition, be appointed to act, and shall act, as Churchwardens or Overseers of such extra-parochial or other Place where there are no Rates as aforesaid; and in all such Cases the Churchwardens and Overseers acting together for such Parishes, Tithings, or Places, (whether parochial or extra-parochial,) by virtue of this Act, shall hold their Meetings under this Act in the Parish, Tithing, or Place, which shall be named first in such Order of General Sessions; and if any Difference or Disagreement shall ariie between the Inhabitants or Officers of any Parish, Tithing, or Place, or between the Officers of different Parishes, Tithings, or Places, touching the Execution of this Act, the Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, acting in and for the District where such Difference or Disagreement shall happen, shall at any. Petty Sessions, and they are hereby authorized, at the Request or upon the Complaint of any Inhabitant of any such Parish, Tithing, or Place, to hear and determine the same, and make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet, and such Orders shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

and the Amount of the Assessments in each Ward, &c. to be laid before the Mayor, &c.

What Justices shall hold the Petty Sessions.

Justices to hold the Petty Sessions when appointed by the General Sessions, and receive the Returns of the Parish Officers. Fii ft Percy Sessions to fix a Time for hearing Appeals, &c.

Petty Sessions may be adjourned.

General Sessions may add together two or more Places for-railing Men,

&c.;

and ilfo extra— parochial or other Places where no Poors* Rates shall have been made for three Years, to Places ad— joining thereto.

Parish Officers acting so together, to hold their Meetings, in the Place named first in the Order of General Sessions.

ufticcsat Petty sessions to de-Itermine DilTer-ences between Inhabitants or Parish Officers.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7hat where any such Parishes, Tines for Ue-Tithings, or Places shall be added together as aforesaid, and any Fine or Fines shall be adjudged to be *afult of

0 a levied w‘'norBouau

8

C. Ci

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

levied for Default of raising the proper Proportion of Men, or any Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be given as a Bounty or Bounties to any Man or Men raised in pursuance of this Act, shall be directed to be levied, such Fine or Fines, and Bounty or Bounties respectively, shall be divided and apportioned, as near as may be, between such Parishes, Tithings, and Places respectively, in such Proportions as the Number of inhabited Houses afiefled to and paying the said Duties in each Parish, Tithing, or Place, shall bear to each other: and the respective Justices are hereby authorized and required to divide and apportion the same accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Parish shall lie in two or more Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, the Charge imposed upon such Parish, for raising Men for his Majesty's Service by this Act, shall be in the County, Riding, or Division, where the Church belonging to such Parish is situated, and that such Parish shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed Part of the County, Riding, or Division; and the Bounty or Bounties to be levied (or in case any Fine or Fines shall be levied of such Parish for Default in not raising Men for the Purposes of this Act, then also such Fine and Fines respectively) shall be paid to the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Division.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the several Purposes of this Act, the Constablery of Craike, which is a Parcel of the County of Durham, surrounded by Part of the North Riding of the County of York, shall be deemed to be situate within, and Part of, the said North Riding; and that Part of the Parish of Maher, which lies in the County of Cornwall, shall be deemed to be situate within, and Part of, the County of Cornwall; and that the Town and Parish of Wokingham shall be deemed to be situate within, and Part of, the County of Berks; and that the Township of Filey shall be deemed to be situate within, and Part of, the East Riding of the County of York; and that Threapwood shall be deemed to be situate within, and Part of, the Parish of IVorthenbury, in the County of Flint; and that the Parish of Saint Martin, called Stamford Baron, in the Suburbs of the Borough and Town of Stamford on the South Side of the Waters called JVelland, shall be deemed to be situate within Part of the County of Lincoln; and that the several Towns and Places herein-before mentioned, and deemed to be situate within, and Part of, the several Counties, Ridings, and Places aforesaid, foj the Purposes of this Act, shall be subject to the Jurisdiction and Authority of the justices of the Peace and other Officers of the respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, within which such Towns and Tiaces are hereby deemed to be situate; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

to be proportioned between Places added together, according to the Number of inhabited Hovfes assessed in caclu

The Charge for raising Men in any ?arish lying in two Counties shall be made in that wherein the Church (lands, &c.

Craike shall he

deemed Part of the North Riding of Yorkshire; that Part of Maker as lies in Cornwall,

Part of that County; Wokingham, Part of the County of Berks; Filey,

Part of the East Riding of Yorkshire; Threapwood, Part of the Parish of Worthenbury; and Stamfoid Baron, Part of Lincolnshire.

Parish Officers to call the Principal Inhabitants together, to consider of the most effectual Means of raising Men;

and, with their Consent, to agree with Volunteers to serve in the Navy;

X

and to make Rates for the Bounties, &c.

Parish Officers may reimburse them (elves Money paid to Volunteers.

Power for collecting Poor Rates to extend to this Act\.

Jtrflices may direct a Third of Bounties to be advanced at the Request of Volunteers, on their being brought for Examination;

and the Refjduc

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Tithing, or Place, to whom Notice of such Orders as aforesaid shall be given, shall, immediately after the receiving such Notice, call together the principal Inhabitants of such Parish, Tithing, or Place, to a Vestry or other Meeting, to take into Confederation the most speedy and effectual Means of raising the Number of Men appointed to be raised by them in pursuance of this Act, of which Meeting two Days public Notice shall be given in Writing, by affixing the same on the Church or Chapel Door of every such Parish, Tithing, or Place, or where there is no Church or Chapel, then on the Church or Chapel Door nearest thereto, specifying the Cause of calling such Vestry or Meeting; and it shall be lawful for the said Churchwardens and Overseers respectively, with the Consent of the Inhabitants of such Vestry or Meeting so assembled, to agree with any Person or Persons, subject to such Approbation or Rejection as herein is mentioned, to enter as a Volunteer or Volunteers to serve his Majesty in the Navy of Great Britain; and if any such Churchwardens or Overseers shall, pursuant to such Consent, agree to give to such Volunteer or Volunteers any Sum or Sums of Money, as a Bounty or Bounties for his or their engaging in such Service, it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Overseers to make a Rate upon the Inhabitants of every such Parish, Tithing, or Place, according to the Rate then made for the Relief of the Poor; and where two or more Parishes, Tithings, or Places, shall be added together by virtue of this Act, such Rate shall be made generally for all such Parishes, Tithings, or Places so added together, and shall be divided and apportioned between them in such Proportions as the Number of inhabited Houses assessed to and paying the said Duties in each such Parish, Tithing, or Place, shall bear to each other respectively; which Rates being published and approved of as Rates for the Relief of the Poor are by Law directed to be published and approved of, it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Overseers to collect, and reimburse themselves all such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have paid for such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, and the Overplus (if any) shall be applied, in like Proportions as aforesaid, as Part of the Poor’s Rate; and all the like Remedies, Powers, Rules, and Methods, used, given, and applied, for ascertaining, levying, and collecting the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, (except where other Provisions are made by this Act,) shall be used, applied, and put in Force, for ascertaining, levying, and collecting the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act, in all and every the Parishes, Tithings, and Places, whether parochial or extra-parochial, charged with railing Men for such Service as aforesaid, in as full and ample a Manner as if the lame Remedies, Powers, Rules, and Methods, had been extended as well to such extra-parochial as parochial Places, and were particularly let forth in this Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be brought to be examined touching his Consent to enter into the said Service, to direct any Sum not exceeding one third Part of the Bounty agreed to be paid It/ him on his engaging to serve, to be advanced to such Person, or to such of his Family, and in such Proportions, as he shall request at the Time of his Inrolment; and that the Residue of such Bounty shall be paid into the Hands of the said Treasurer, there to remain until the same shall become payable to such Person, on his being mustered on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War as herein is directed.

to remain in the Hands of the Treasurer till they are mustered^ort board.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. c.

9

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall agree to enter himself as a Volunteer in such Service as aforesaid shall be produced before the Officer or Officers appointed to regulate such Service at the nearest Place of Rendezvous to any Patish, Tithing, or Place, for which such Volunteer shall agree to serve; and in case such Officer or Officers shall, on Examination, approve of such Volunteer or Volunteers to serve his Majesty, then such Volunteer or Volunteers may forthwith be brought before two or mare Justices of the Peace acting in and for the District where any such Parish,

I ithing, or Place shall be situate; and in case it shall appear to such Justices of the Peace that such Person or Persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in such Service, then such Justices shall,

nd they are required, forthwith to certify under their Hands that such Person or Persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in the Service of his Majesty's Navy, setting forth therein the Place or Places of the Birth or lawful Settlement, Age or Ages, and Calling or Callings of him or them respectively, if the same shall be known; and shall also, at the Foot of every such Certificate, enter the Amount of the Sums to be paid as a Bounty or Bounties to such Volunteer or Volunteers, on his or their entering into fjch Service, and the Sums fir any) which shall be directed to be advanced to him or them at the Time of his or their Inrolment; and which Certificates shall be delivered to such Regulating Officer certificates to or Officers, and the Regulating Officer or Officers shall thereupon cause such Person or Persons respectively be deli vend to to be inrolled in his Majesty's Naval Service. the Regulating

Officer, who shall cause the Volunteers to be inrolled.

Volunteers to be brought be-lore the reared Regulating Officer, and if approved, before two Justices, who shall certify their entering, and certain Particulars.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Regulating Officer or Officers at the nearest Place of Rendezvous aforesaid shall reject any Person or Persons produced before him or them as such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, as unfit to serve his Majesty, and the Churchwardens or Overseers of any Parish, Tithing, or Place for which such Person or Persons shall have been tendered to serve, shall think themselves aggrieved by such Determination of such Officer or Officers, it shall and may be lawful for such Churchwardens or Overseers, on giving immediate Notice to such Regulating Officer or Officers of their Intention, to appeal to the Justices of the District wherein such Parish, Tithing, or Place shall be situate, assembled at the next Petty Sessions to be holden by virtue of this Act; and such Regulating Officer or Officers, on receiving such Notice, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, before the Time of hearing such Appeal, to set down his Reasons in Writing for such Rejection, which Reasons, being produced before such Justices at such Petty Sessions, it shall be lawful for such Justices, on due Confederation thereof, and on due Examination of the Person or Persons so rejected, to give Order therein, as in their Discretion shall seem expedient, which Orders shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and in case such Justices shall fee Cause to refeind the Determination of such Regulating Officer or Officers, and shall cause to be delivered to such Regulating Officer or Officers such Certificate as is herein-before directed, then such Regulating Officer or Officers shall forthwith cause such Person or Persons, so raised and approved of, to be inrolled in his Majesty's Service as a Volunteer or Volunteers; and the said Officer or Officers shall cause an Entry to be made, in some Book to be kept by him or them, of the Names of Volunteers or Persons inrolled by virtue of this Act, and of the Parishes or Places of their last Abode or lawful Settlement, if they can be known, and of their Ages and Descriptions, and Sums paid on their Account, and to whom the same shall be paid, and shall cause true Copies or Duplicates of such Entries to be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, and which shall be made in the Form herein after mentioned; and the Parish, Tithing, or Place, Parishes, Tithings, or Places, for which such Volunteer or Volunteers shall be so inrolled to serve, shall be discharged in respect to such Volunteer or Volunteers so inrolled, unless such Volunteer or Volunteers shall afterwards, and before he or they shall be entered in any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War as Seamen, respectively appear to be within any of the Disqualifications in this Act expressly mentioned, and shall be, by reason of such Disqualification, discharged from such Service, or otherwise taken out of the same, then anu in every such Case the Parish, Tithing, or Place, Parishes, Tithings, or Places, shall be liable to provide other fit and able Men in Lieu of those who shall so appear to be disqualified, to be raised in the Manner directed by this Act.

If Regulating Officer rejett a Volunteer, the Parish Officer? may appeal to the Petty Sessions.

Regulating Officer, bvfore hearing Appeal, to write his Reasons for such Rejection.

Justices Order to be final.

If they refeind the Determination of the Officer, and cause to be delivered to him a Certificate, he shall cause the Volunteer to be inrolled.

Officer to enter the Names, &c. of Persons inrolled in a Boole, and to transmit Duplicates to the Secretary to the Admiralty.

Places for which

Volunteers are inrolled, to be discharged in respect of them, unless they appear to be disqualified before being entered.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as any Person or Persons shall be inrolled as such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, for any Place or Places, the Churchwardens or Overseers of or acting for such Place or Places shall make a Return thereof to the Justices of the District, at their Petty Sessions to be holden next after such Inrolment, specifying the Name, the Place of the Birth or lawful Settlement, the Age, and the Calling of every such Person, if the same can be known, together with the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be paid by Way of Bounty to every such Volunteer, which shall be verified on Oath, (if required,) and which Oath Rich Justices are hereby authorized to administer; and every such Return so made, the said Justices shall cause to be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace*of the County, Riding, or Division, to be inrolled at the Sessions there, at the next General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for such County, Riding, or Division: And in case Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by and for any Place or Places shall not be made to the Justices of the District at such Petty Sessions, within the Space of three Weeks next after the Service of Notice of the Order of General Sessions for raising such Number of Men, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of such Petty" Sessions to summon before them the Churchwardens or Overseers of or acting for such Place or Places making such Default; and in case it shall not be made to appear by such Churchwardens or Overseers, to the Satisfaction of such Justices, that such Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of, or 35 Geo. III. C Disobedience

Parish Officers to make Returns of Volunteers inrolled to the Petty Sessions.

Justices to cause Returns to be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace, to be in* rolled at the Sessions.

If Returns of the whole Number to be raised by any Place be not made to die

IO

Petty Sessions in a limited Time, the Justices may lurn-mon the Parish Officers, and may fine them lor Neglect.

If Fines be not forthwith paid, they may be levied on the Parish Officers Goods, or raised J>y a Rate on the Inhabitants.

C. 5.

tricesimo

A.D. 1795.

It Justices deem the Default unavoidable, they may allow further

Time i

and In such Case shall proceed as before directed in hearing Appeals.

Bounty Money and Fines to be paid to the County Treasurer*

Disobedience to, the said Order of Sessions, and that the same hath been unavoidable, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required, to fine the said Churchwardens or Overseers in a Sum which shall be ten Pounds over and above the Amount of such Sum as shall appear (as far as the same can be ascertained) to have been given on an Average as a Bounty to Men inrolled by virtue of this Act with the said District, or in case no Men shall be raised within the said District, then in the nearest Distriift for which Men shall then have been raised, for each Man appointed to be raised by or (or such Place or Places, and whereof such Default shall have been made as aforesaid; and in case the same (hill not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for the said Justices to levy the same by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Churchwardens or Overseers, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof, in case such Justices shall adjudge the Default to have been wilfully made by the said Churchwardens or Overseers; or to cause the same to be raised by a like Rate as aforesaid upon any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of such Place or Places in case such Inhabitant or Inhabitants shall be adjudged to have wilfully made such Default, such Inhabitant or Inhabitants being previously summoned by such Justices to^shew Cause why such Rate should not be made; but in case such Justices shall in their Judgment deem such Default unavoidable, and such Churchwardens or Overseers shall require further Time for raising the Number of Men appointed to be raised by them for his Majesty's Service, it shall be lawful for such Justices, by their Order under their Hands, to allow such further Time as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding the Space of fourteen Days from the Date of such Order; and every such Order shall be peremptorily complied with, under Pain of forfeiting such Sum of Money as is before mentioned for each Man of whom Default shall be made, to be levied, as herein-before is directed, on such Churchwardens or Overseers, in case the Justices shall adjudge the Default to have been wilfully made by such Churchwardens or Overseers, or otherwise to be levied on the Inhabitants of such Place.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case where Justices shall allow further Time for raising the Number of Men appointed to be raised for his Majesty's Service, such Justices shall proceed as herein-before directed, in hearing and determining the Appeals of such Parishes, Tithings, or Places, to which such further Time shall be allowed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money agreed to be given as a Bounty or Bounties, or paid thereout to any Man or Men raised in pursuance of this Act, (except such Sums as shall have been directed by the Justices of the Peace to be advanced to any Man at the Time of his Inrolment in his Majesty's Service, by virtue of this Act,) and also all Fines levied upon the Churchwardens or Overseers by Distress and Sale as aforesaid, or upon such Inhabitants by a Rate, for their Default in not raising the Number of Men appointed to be raised by virtue of this Adf, shall be forthwith paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and such respective Treasurers shall place the Amount of the Fines to the Account of the respective Parishes, Tithings, or Places, paying the same, and the Amount of the Sums paid of the Bounties to the Account of the Volunteer or Volunteers for whoseUsethe same was collected; and that in all Cases where such Default as aforesaid shall be made, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, having Authority under his Majesty to provide Men for the Service of the Navy, to produce any Persons as Substitutes, or for any such Persons voluntarily to come before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the District where the Parishes, Tithings, or Places making such Default shall be situate, and be examined before such Justices as to their Content to serve in his Majesty's Navy, as Substitutes for such Parishes, Tithings, or Places respectively, and who shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to settle the Bounty or Bounties to be paid for such Substitutes respectively; and such Justices shall, in case any such Persons shall be approved of by the Regulating Officer or Officers as aforesaid, certify such Consent and Approbation, together with the Names, Places of Birth, or lawful Settlement, Ages, and Callings of such Persons respectively, and the Bounties agreed to be paid, in the Manner herein-before directed with respect to Volunteers; and such Justices who are hereby respectively required to grant Certificates on the Inrollment of any Person or Persons as a Volunteer or Volunteers, or Substitute or Substitutes, by virtue of this Act, shall transmit a Copy of every such Certificate under their Hands to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, to be inrolled at the Sessions there, at the next General or Quarter Sessions to be held for such County, Riding, or Division; and thereupon such Regulating Officer shall cause such Persons to be respectively inrolled as such Substitutes as aforesaid, and such Parishes, Tithings, or Places respectively, for which such Substitutes shall be raised, shall be discharged in like Manner as aforesaid, unless such Substitutes shall appear to be disqualified, and by reason thereof be taken out of his Majesty's Service in the Manner before mentioned; and the said Justices shall thereupon make an Order upon such Treasurer as aforesaid, to transfer in his Account, unto the Use of such Persons respectively so inrolled as Substitutes* such Sums of Money, not exceeding the Amount of the P ines levied for such Default as aforesaid, as shall have been agreed to be paid as Bounties to such Persons respectively; and the said Justices shall and may, at any Time after such Substitutes shall be respectively entered on board any such Ship of War, also order such further Sum of Money out of the Residue of such Fines (if any) to be paid to any Person or Persons

duly authorized to provide Men for the Navy, who shall appear to such Justice to have used Diligence in which shall dif- providing any such Substitutes, as a Reward for the Labour, or in Payment of lawful Charges to be charge the re- incurred by bringing such Substitute to be inrolled; and the Residue (if any) that shall remain of such Fines ffxtfive Places, }n the Hands of such Treasurer, after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid, or for Want of sufficient Substitutes being provided, shall be in the Disposal of the Justices at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace* T afure^to T an^ them applied in providing Men for the Augmentation of his Majesty's Navy, in such

trao$fcr<Eoun- Manner as in their Discretion shall seem expedient 5 and the said Justices shall, in case any Part thereof shall

Treasurer to place Monies to certain Accounts.

In case of Default as aforesaid, Persons

his Mi-jtfty may produce Substitutes, or Volunteers

fr,.\y offer

themselves as such ro two Justices, who hall settle the Bounties to be paid; and certify the Consent of Substitutes.

Justices to transmit Cojtfes oi Certificates 10 the Clerk of the Peace, to "be inrolled at the Sessions.

Regulating Officer to cause the Substitutes to be inrolled.

ice.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto CJeorgii III.

C. e

11

remain in the Hands of such Treasurer at the Midsummer Sessl^rtr* in the present Year, cause to be trans- tics to tfcc life mittied an Account thereof to the Curnrnifiioneri of his Majesty's Treasury. ct

, m v. J and may order

Rewards to Persons providing the m. Residue of Fines to be applied by the Quarf.r Sessions to provide Men for the Navy; and if any remain in

the Treasurer’s Hands at the Midsummer Sessions 1795, an Account to be transmitted to the Treasury.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Certificate so granted, or a full and true Copy thereof, signed by such Regulating Officer or Officers, shall in all Cases where any such Person inrolled by virtue of this Act shall be placed under the Command of any other Officer or Officers, either on Shore, or on board any Ship or Vessel, be transmitted along with such Person so inrolled, and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel on board which such Person shall be entered to serve; and such Commanding Officer shall, within four Days from the Time of such Person being mustered and rated on board such Ship, and before such Shin or Vessel of War shall proceed to Sea, make out a Ticket or Tickets for the Payment of the Bounty money agreed to be paid to such Person on his engaging to serve, and then remaining due, and which shall be expressed in the Certificate granted on that Behalf, or in such Copy thereof as aforesaid, in such Manner as if such Bounty Money had become due to such Person on Account of Arrears of Wages as a Seaman on board such Ship or Vessel; and such Bounty Money shall and may be paid to such Person, or to such Person’s Family, and in such Proportions as such Person shall request, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of his late

rge t

f blish,

f Ab

of such Wages: Provided always, that where such Person shall deli re any Portion of the said Bounty Money then remaining due to be paid to his Family, the Lift required to be made out in such Case by the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, shall be made out in the Manner required by the said Act of the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty aforesaid, except that in such List the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, who shall have received such Bounty Money for the Use of such Person so entered in the Service of his Majesty, shall be specified, instead of the Receiver General of the Land Tax, the Collector of the Customs or Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, or other Officer, directed by the said Act to pay any Part of the Arrears of Wages due to Seamen in the Navy; and that the Bills to be made out thereupon shall be made out by such Captain and Commander, and directed to such Treasurer, and not to such Receiver General, Collector, Clerk, or other Officer; and that all the Rules, Forms, Directions, and Methods, used for the Payment of Wages due to Seamen, or payable to their Families, in pursuance of the said Act of the thirty-first Year aforesaid, or by any such other Act of Parliament, (except as aforesaid,) shall be used in like Manner for the Payment of such Bounty Money to all and every the Men who shall be entered into his Majesty's Service in pursuance of this Act, or to their respective Families, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Acts, and every Clause therein contained, had been extended and applied particularly by this Act to such cases.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, adembled either at the General or Quarter Sessions, or for the Justices at their Petty Sessions within their respective Jurisdictions, or any two or more of them respectively, from Time to Time to ifliic their Order or Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of the High Constable, Constable. Tithing Man, Headborough, Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor, of or acting for any Parish. Tithing, or Place, Parishes, Tithings, or Places, at such Time and Place as in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, or shall refuse or neglect to make such Return of all such Matters and Things directed to be done by them respectively in pursuance of this Act, as shall be required of them by the said Justices respectively, or to comply with such Orders and Directions as he or they respectively shall from Time to Time receive from the said justices, or any two or more of them respectively, in pursuance of this Act, or dial], in making such Return, be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality, or gross Neglect, in his or their Duty, the said Justices, or any two or more of them respectively, are hereby empowered and required at their Discretion to fine such Person or Persons in any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds; or in case of any Fraud, wilful Partiality, or gross Neglect as aforesaid, to commit the Person so offending to the Common Gaol, there to be kept, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one CalcnJar Month.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County, Riding, or Division, shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen Days next after the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held next after the Day of Midsummer in the present Year, to transmit to the Commiinoners of the Admiralty a Copy, signed by such Clerk of the Peace, of every Return and Certificate of Men raised to serve in the Navy by virtue of this Act; and where such Return or Certificate Dull be omitted to be made, such Clerk of the Peace shall certify such Omission in like Manner, and also what Proceedings shall have been had at any Quarter Sessions in relation to the raising Substitutes, where the due Proportion of Mcn shall not have been raised by the respective Parishes, Tithing?, and Places, charged therewith; and if any such Clerk of the Peace shall refuse or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, make, record, or transmit, any such Returns or Extracts as aforesaid, according to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of the Peace so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay lie Sum of five hundred Pounds.

Certificates, cr Copies, to be transmitted

with the Persons inrolled, and delivered to the Commanding Officers of the Vessels in which they fti ill he entered, who shall make out Tickets for Payment of Bounty Monty due, as for Arrears of Wages, which may be paid agreeably to 31 Geo. II. Cap. io, &c.

How Lifts and Bdls iliail be made out by Captains, where Persons delirc to have Part of their Bounty paid to their Families.

Rules for Payment of Wages to be used for Payment of Bounty.

Justices may require the Attendance of Constables and Parish Officers.

Penalty on them for Neglect of Duty.

Clerk of the Peace, within 14 Days after the Midfumnit] Scflior.:. 1795, to transmit to the Admiralty Copy of Re-turrs, Arc.

on Penalty c.

500!*

12

C. 5. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Disqualified Persons not to be inrolled;

tut no such t\*rfon ifinrcll- shall be discharged, unltTf Notice of his Disqualification be given to the Officer before his entering on

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be received or inrolled in his Majesty's Service, by virtue of this Act, who is not, in the Opinion of the Regulating Officer or Officers, such an able-bodied Man as is tit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Ruptures, and every other Distemper, or bodily Weakness or Infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his Duty in the Navy; or who, in the Opinion of such Officer or Officers, shall appear to be under the Age of sixteen Years, or above the Age of forty-five Years; nor any Person being an articled Cleric* or Apprentice, nor Persons serving under Articles in the Coal Trade, until the Expiration of the said Articles (unless with the Consent of the Matter of such Clerk or Apprentice, or of the Matter of such other Persons as aforesaid); nor any Person enlitted in any of his Majesty's Forces, whether Military or Marine, or who has defer ted therefrom, or who is already entered in his Majesty's Navy; nor aity poor Man (not being a Sea-faring Man) who has more than two Children born in YVedloclc: Provided that no Person. inrolled by virtue of this Act shall, by reason of any such Disqualification as aforesaid, be liable to be discharged from his Majesty's Service, or taken out of the same, unless Notice in Writing of such Disqualification shall be given to the Officer or Officers under whose Command such Person shall be, before the Time of his entering on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War as a Sailor, and before the Bounty, hereby authorized to be paid to Men raised by virtue of this Act, shall have been paid or satisfied to him; any Thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

board, or receiving his Bounty.

Term for which Persons inrolled shall be liable to serve.

Penalty for Desertion, lifting in the Military or Marine Forces, striking or disobeying an Officer, &c.

onstables, &c.

may cause fuf-petted Deserters to be apprehended, and if

Magistrates find them to have been inrolled they shall commit them, and transmit an Account to the Admiralty.

Gaolers to receive Subsistence of Deserters, but no Fee.

Justices to order aos. out of the Land Tax Money, to the Ap-prehender of a Deserter.

Penalty for concealing Desert-trt«

YYIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person inrolled by virtue of

Peon's shall £rvc shall ta in any of the Ports of Gwi Britain, or otherwise for the Space of three Calendar

MXXV "Tndte' ftTu rth tt e n actccT b y the' A u c ho r?ty aforesaid, That if any Person, being inrolled hr his-

XXV. And be it Turuici ry. A r> fu-11 desert such Service, or, being actually entered in such

Majesty's Naval Service, J>y ny Comity, Trooper Regiment in his Majesty's Military or Marine Forces*. Service, shall lilt Discharee in Writing from the said Commissioners of the Admiralty, or such Of-

without first having a L) l 1 b horiied A them for that purpose, or (half strike or use any Violence

ficer or °ffi(cc)rJ aS ^Officers under whose Command he shall be put, (such Officer or Officers being in the

against any Officer or um disobey any lawful Command of such Officer or Officers, all and

Execution of his.an:h«r Duty J or Ihaiuuo*y any i aforesaid, shall suffer Death,

P.,10,.r.tofobar, afg?BS, »dM,»«P«jon.,bang:.ppre.r

! Custody for such Offence, shall and may be conveyed on board any of his Majesty's Ships ot hended or mCuiway ports of thj$ Kingdom, and there detained and tried for such Offence, it*

fochrManneTTnd byVuch Court, as if such Offence had been committed on board, or from on board such

Sh'^ y vY2 a nd it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Head-XX\1. Alls,!l-' _hMarX0f the Town or Place where any Person inrolled by virtue o( this Act, who may-borough, or r^ng M Deserter, shall be found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended,

be reasonably liifpeUed to before any Justice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place,

and to caulc tuch crion =, examine such Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony

who is hereby. Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it (hill

of one or more Witness w W,nell« inr’Ued in his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act*

fPeh‘YusticeeXe Peai shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where such J-uttiee or the i cac Correction, or other public Prison, in such Town or Place where such

n XrYhaX apprehended, or to The Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities Defetter shall te appr adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Ad-

o( London oxlveftmij, J person may be proceeded against according to Law; and tha

miralty for the Time being, receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter

Keeper of such Gaol. for the Maintenance of such Deserter, bur shall not be

-j&t feeJoiof of »> <«o» Dofamt, », L.W, Uf.go, or

CLXXV l" SXte & »«—of po" f"? Dhf

ft further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Just.ce of the Peace shall also .(Tuc h.s

h,nd or cause o be apprehended any such Deserter from his Majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shill hend or cauie to m any j apprehended and committed; which Sum of twenty Shillings

BtefSd by such Colleaor or CollectorYto whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist, any Deserter

from his Majesty's said Naval Service, knowing him to be such, every such Person so offending shall for-from his Majesty's f fi Pounds; and upon Conviction by the Oath of one or more

m oi* or mote of to UW J* of

A.D. 1795.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

5

*3

Penalties shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, one Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer by whose Means such Deserter shall be apprehended, and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter did or doth belong, to be credited by him in his Accounts; and in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or assisting any such Deserter or Deserters, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties within four Days after such Conviction, then and in such Case such Justice or Justices shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months.

XXIX. And whereas there may be Occasion for the quartering of the Men inrolled by virtue of this Act, in several Parts of this Kingdom be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter and billet the Men inrolled in his Majesty's Service, by virtue of this Act, while on Shore, (except in the City and County of the City of London aforesaid,) in such Manner, and at such Times and Places respectively, and under such and the like Powers, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, as his Majesty's Marine Forces may be quartered and billetted, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, or by any other Act then in Force for the* Regulation of his Majesty's said Marine Forces.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters herein-before required to be verified, such Person or Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons atm mitting. wilful and corrupt Perjury; and that if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any Certificate or Return lequired or directed to be given or made by this Act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any Certificate or Return so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person -inrolled in his Majesty's Service by virtue of this act shall be accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate, or Property, of any of his Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land, the Officer or Officers having the Command of such Party is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial; and if any such Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him

Purpose. cers of ji

convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, where the Fact is committed, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses, shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service, provided the said Con-vk9bon be affirmed at the next General Quarter beifions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall be inrolled in his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process whatever, other than by some Criminal Process, for some Criminal Matter punishable by the known Laws of the Land.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Forms of Inrolment and of the Returns which the Justices of the Peace, and other Officers before-mentioned, are required to cause to be made and returned to the Number of Men levied for his Majesty's Service, together with the other Particulars heretn-before directed, shall be made as follows; videlicet,

Application of the Penalty.

Offenders not having sufficient Distress, or not paying Penalty, may be committed for three Months.

Men inrolled may be billetted as the Marines.

Penalty for making false Oath, or counterfeiting Certificates of Returns, See,

v

Persons accused of Offences punishable by Law, shall be delivered over to the Civil Magistrate.

Penalty on Officers not delivering over such Offendersr

No Person inrolled shall be

taken out of the*

Service but fora

CriminalMatter*

Inrolments,

Returns, &c. shall be made in the following Lorau

14 C. 5. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

lurtices may settle Disputes between Maf-tets «r.d hired Servants inrolled, respecting Wagesj &c.

This Act not to be a Precedent lordimi-ni thing the Rights of the City of London.

How Fines may be recovered, and how applied

No Order to be

removed by Certiorari, nor any Writ to supersedc Execution.

Clerks of the Peace, Treafu-rers, Clerks of Petty Sessions, Constables, &c. to receive such Rewards as the Justices shall judge proper, who shall direct Payment.

If Treasurer shall not have sufficient of the County Rates to pay such Reward, the Justices may make a

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be inrolled, and any Dispute shall nrife between his Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, and such Servant, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant for or on Account of his Service performed before the Time of such Inrolment, or to such Time as he shall be obliged to quit the Service of his said Mailer or Mistress, Employer or Employers, it shall and may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Town Corporate, or Place where such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant or any other Witiicfs or Witnesses, touching the same, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant, in Proi>ortion to the Service he has performed, as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment of any Sums so ordered, by the Space of seven Days next after such Determination, such Justice shall and may issue forth his and their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Mailer or Mistress, Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to die Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not be deemed or construed to be a Precedent on any future Occasion to diminish or be prejudicial to the Rights, Liberties, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions, to which the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, or the Fieemen, Citizens, or Inhabitants of the said City, are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament, Charter, Usage or otherwise howsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, (except the Fines to be levied for not railing the Proportion of Men as herein-before is directed,) shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or lnfoi n.ation, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, (as the Case shall require,) wherein no Lftoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, upon Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and for Want of fufliciem Distress such

Justices are hereby required, in all Cases where no particular Time of Commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, shall be paid, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to him or them that will inform or sue for the lame.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace by virtue of this Act shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution, or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Clerks of the Peace, Treasurers, Clerks of Justices at Petty Sessions, Constables, and other Officers, who are hereby respectively required to execute this Act in any o( the Particulars herein mentioned, and who shall respectively execute the same to the Satisfaction of the Justices of the Peace at their respective Quarter Sessions assembled within the said Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns, Cinque Ports, Liberties, and Places herein mentioned, shall have and receive such Rewards, and no other, (except such Rewards as shall be directed to be paid to any Person for his Pains or Charges in railing Substitutes as herein before is directed,) for their Care and Trouble in and about the executing this Act, and for their respective Expences and Charges in the same, as the said Justices shall judge the said Officers to have deserved, and the said justices shall, after Allowance thereof, direct the same to be paid by the Treasurer or other Officer of such County, Riding, or Di-vifton, out of any Money in his HanJs of the County Rates; and if such Treasurer or Officer shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands of trie County Rates to pay the same, then such Justices shall, and are hereby authorized and required to make a Rate for the Payment of the same, in such Manner and Form as they are authorized by Law to make Rates for the Repair ot Gaols or County Bridges, or any other Purposes for which the Rate commonly called The County Rate is or may by Law be applicable.

Rate.

If a Place united with any County is not liable to pay County Rates, the fuf-ticcs shall af-certain the Proportion which n ou&ht to pay.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any District, Town, Liberty, or Place, which is hereby united with any County for the sof this Act, is not liable to such County Rate, then the said Justices hereby appointed for the carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, shall, and they are hereby authorize d and required jointly to ascertain the Proportions of such Rate which ought to be defrayed by such Distnct, Town, Liberty, or Place, according to the Number of inhabited Houses paying Taxes within the same, and the Amount so ascertained shall be levied within such District, Town, Liberty, or Place, by the Justices thereof, by a Rato in the same Manner as any Justices might in a County levy

for County Purposes*

10

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. 15

Limitation of Action*.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Adhion shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had there- Generallflut. upon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff?, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant Treble Costs. hath in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by' This Act may any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. be altered or repealed this Session.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Forms of the Proceedings relative forms in an-to the several Matters contained in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto an- lc

ntxed, may be used on all Occasions, with such Additions and Variations only, as may be necessary to adapt f " e

them to the particular Exigencies of the Case; and that no Objection shall be made, or Advantage taken, t*°madtC for " for Want of Form in any such Proceedings by any Person or Persons whatever. yqiciy

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

No. r.

FORM of appointment of General Sejpons.

To the Justices of the Peace for the County (Riding, or Division) of

WHEREAS it is enacted, by an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the ASlf\ and passed on the

Day of that the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of (or Riding, or Division, as the Case may bej shall, within a Time not exceeding

twenty-one Days after the pairing of that Aci, assemble together at some convenient Place in the said County of (or Riding, or Division,) where the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace have

heretofore or usually been held, and there hold a Court of General Sessions for the Purpose of carrying effec tually into Execution the Powers given to them by the said Act, in pursuance of Notice to be given by the Clerk of the Peace, with the Consent of two Justices of the Peace, in any Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of five Days at the least before the Day appointed for holding such

Court: Notice is hereby given that I Clerk of the Peace for the County (Riding, or

Division) of by virtue of the Powers and in pursuance of the Direction contained in that

Act, have appointed, and do hereby appoint, with the Assent of A.B. and C.D. two of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, (Riding, or Division,) a General Sessions, to be holden the Day of next ensuing, at the of in the said County, (Riding, or

Division,) at the Hall there situate, at the Hour of in the Forenoon of the same

Day, for the Purpose of carrying the said Act into Execution, and that I have in pursuance thereof directed this Notice to be published in the Newspapers called The usually circulated in this

County, (Riding, or Division,) on the Day of next ensuing, beui£

Days before the said Time of Meeting.

A.B. Clerk of the Peace for the County of

No. 2.

FORM of Appointment of Number of Men to be raised in thejewral Dislrifis.

To be annexed to the Order to High Constable.

AT the General Sessions of the Peace, held by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the

on the Day of at We, the Justices of the

Peace, in and for the County of assembled at the above Sessions of the Peace, do hereby

ap^voint the Number of Men to serve for the Hundred of (or City, Town, Rape, Lath,

W-pcnukc, or Distridi,} and also for each Parish, Tithing, or Place, separately supporting its own Poor, or

extra--

C. 5.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

extra-parochial Place within the said Hundred, (or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake within the County of as follows; videlicet.

Name of Hundred (or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District). Names of Parishes (or Tithings or Places).;

Hundred of (or City, Town, Rape, I Lath, Wapentake, or District, as the Case may j he). - i Parish of {Tithing or Place) - Parish of Pari (h of A.^% Parish of B. (lb's Tithing of B. [ 3 < I " " il - -V

Number of Men for each Pa nth (Tithing or Place).

o o

00,

o o

And who are respectively to be raised on or before the mow next ensuing. Dated this Day of

Day of

Mo. 3.

FORM of Orders of the General Sessions to the Chief Constablts, JjV.

M-

To A.B. Chief Constable of To A.B. and C.D. Constables of

may be A

To A.B.

or

or

(or whatever their Defer iption

Constables of the Pari (hes of (where

more than one are united).

WE, A.B. C.D. &c. Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, assembled at a General Sessions, held by virtue of, and for the Purpose of carrying into Execution, an Act, intituled, [Here Jet forth the Title of the Atlf\ do hereby require you to give Notice to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of [or Tithing of or Name of Place, as it may bef\ of the Number of

Men appointed by us to be levied for the several Parishes, Tithings, or Places, within your District, and of the Time of raising the same, according to the Lift hereunto annexed; and you are hereby required to make a Return to the Justices of the Peace in and for your District, at the first Petty Sessions to be holden for the said District by virtue of the said Act, on the Day of next following, being

the Day appointed for making Returns of all Matters and Things done by you, according to the Directions therein contained. Signed for and by Order of the said Justices, and according to the Directions of the

laid A d.;

V;. A.B. Clerk of the Peace for the said County,

No. 4.

FORM of the Notice to Churchwardens.

M-

or

in the said County,

To the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parish of of the several Parishes, Tithings, or Places of

and to and every of

NOTICE is hereby given to you, that the Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, at a General Sessions assembled under and by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Atlf\ by their Order, bearing Date the Day of have appointed one Man, for Men,)

to be levied and raised for the Parish of (or if two or more Parishes, Tithings, or Places

aie adued together, name the Parishes, Tithings, or Places); and you are hereby required, immediately alter the receiving this Notice, to call together the principal Inhabitants of the said

a to be held within the said (if more Parishes, &c. than one, here insert the Parish,

Ixc. pyt named in toe Order of Appointment,) to take into Confederation the moil speedy and effectual Means of raising the said Man (or Men) appointed to be raised for the said in

purmance of the said Act, of which Meeting you are to give two Days public Notice in Writing, by affixing the laine on the Church or Chapel Door of your Panlh or Place (or, if more than one) Church or

/ i°lS 0t Parishes or Places, or if there is no Church or Chapel in your Parish,

(or 1 face,) then on the nearest: Church or Chapel Door, according to the Form annexed: And you are

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

hereby required to take Notice, that such Man (or Men) is (or are) to be raised on or before the Day of next ensuing, being twenty-one Days after the Date of the said Order; and

that as soon as you have agreed with any Person to serve, you are to produce every such Person before the Officer appointed to regulate the Admission of Men into the Naval Service for your Parish, and if he shall approve of him, you are then to cause him to be brought before two or m,ore Justices of the Peace of your District, to be examined; and in case the Regulating Officer shall reject any Person raised by vou, and you shall think yourself aggrieved thereby, you are to give to him immediate Notice of your Intention to appeal to the Justices at the next Petty Sessions to be held in your District; and you are to make a Return of all Matters and Things done by you and the Inhabitants aforesaid, or any of you or them, in pursuance of the said Act, and according to the Directions herein contained, to the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the District of at a Petty Sessions to be holden at

on the Day of next ensuing. Dated this Day of

in the Year of our Lord 1

A.B. Chief Constable of

No. 5.

FORM of Notice to the Principal Inhabitants of any Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places united together.

To the Principal Inhabitants of

NOTICE is hereby given, that you are required to meet on next ensuing, at a Vestry

(or Meeting) atto take into Consideration the most foeedy and effectual Means of railing

one Man (or Men) appointed at a General Sessions of the reace holden on the

to be raised by you for the Service of the Navy, in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Herefet forth the Title of the Att\ and so that such Man (or Men) be raised, approved of, and inrolled in his Majesty's Service, on or before the Day of now next ensuing, being the Time appointed for raising

such Man (or Men).

S A.B. 1 Churchwarden.

C.D. J Overseer.

No.*6.

FORM of Order for fixing the Time of Appeals.

To the Churchwardens and Overseers of the several Parishes, Tithings, and Places, within the of in the County (Riding, arDivision) of and

to each and every of them.

M— 1 AT the First Petty Sessions held by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the

J Afl\y for the Purpose of receiving the Returns of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes, Tithings, and Places respectively, within this Hundred, (or Rape, Lath, or Wapentake, as the Case may be,) touching the Execution of the Orders given them under the above Act, it is ordered by the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said District, attending the said Petty Sessions, that all Appeals of Parishes, 1'ithings, or Places, within the said District, charged to raise Men, under the above Act, against the Proceedings of Regulating Officers appointed under that Act, who shall reject any Man or Men raised by the said respective Parishes, Tithings, or Places, whereby such Churchwardens or Overseers shall be aggrieved, shall and may be heard and determined on the Day of next ensuing, and on following, until such Appeals shall be determined at before such

Justices as shall then and there meet to hear and determine such Appeals. Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day of----- in the Year uf uur Luiil 4

j| No.

FORM of Order of Justices upon a Difference or Disagreement between two Parishes or Places*

M— —,) WHEREAS Complaint hath been made to us A.B. C.D. Justices of Peace, in and for the Dishifl of J said County of M» acting in and for this District, and assembled at a Petty Sessions this

Day of in the Year of our Lord that [ Here

set out the Complaint], we do hereby order that [Here set out the Orderly and that this Order shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

No. 8.

t\:, FORM of the Justices Certificate.

}WE A.B. and C. ZL Esquires, two of the Justices of the Peace in and for this County, and acting in and for the District of in which the Parish of ^ is situated,

3S Geo. III. D do

C. 5. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

do hereby certify, that E. F. hath voluntarily entered himself in the Service of his Majesty's Navy, and that his Description is as under-written:

Number of Certificates. Name. Place of Birth or lawful Settlement. Age. Calling.

E.F. - - Parish of. 1 0 1 O 1, -

And we do further certify, that the Sum of £. hath been agreed to be paid as a

Bounty to the said E. F. on his entering into such Service; [and if any Sum is to be paid to him on ln~ robnent, add as follows), And we do hereby direct, that the Sum off. IJart

thereof shall be paid to the said E. F. [or to the Wife, Child, or Father or

Mother of the said E. F. at his Request), at the Time of his Inrolment. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

No. 9.

FORM of Notice by Churchwardens or Overseers to the Regulating Officers of Appeals*

To A.B. Regulating Officer (or, to A. B C.D. and E. F. Regulating Officers) at

under an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Ad?.]

WHEREAS you, as such Regulating Officer, have rejected A.B. produced before you as a Volunteer to serve in his Majesty's Navy, as unfit to serve his Majesty, and we 7. /^. and T. B. Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Parish of [or Name of Place), for which Parish [or Place)

the said A.B. was tendered to serve, think ourselves aggrieved by such Determination; Notice is therefore hereby given to you, that it is our Intention to appeal against such Determination to the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for this District, to be assembled at the next Petty Sessions to be holden by virtue of this Act. Given under our Hands this Day of (

No. 10.

|. H i. 9

FORM of Return of Churchwardens and Overseers to the Justices of their Diflrifl, at their Petty Sessions,

of Persons inroiled., si;

Return of Persons inrolled as Volunteers to serve in his Majesty's Navy for the Parish of

under an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Act.]

1 Names. Parishes or Places for. which they serve. Parishes or Places of Birth or Settlement. Calling. Age. Sums agreed to be paid as Bounty.

A.B. C.D. Parish of Town Parish of Yeoman >7

A.B. \ Churchwardens* C*D. } Overseers.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

*9

No. 11.

FORM of Summons of Churchwardens or Overseers a fling for Places that have made Default.

M----- 7 To A. 5. and C.D. Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parish

District! of J* of *'1

WHEREAS the Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by the Parish of (or if more than one, the Parishes of or Name of Place or PlacesJ has not been made

within the Time limited to you for so doing; this is therefore to require you to appear before the Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, and acting in and for this District, to be assembled at a Petty Sessions to be holden on the Day of atto answer for your Default

therein, and to be dealt with according to Law. Hereof fail not. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

Day of

' '. No. 12.

FORM of Summons of Inhabitants, etcetera.

To A.B. and C.D. Inhabitants of

WHEREAS we A. and B. Justices of the Peace acting for the District of in the County of have summoned before us T. IV. and Z. X. the Churchwardens and Overseers

of the Parish of to answer for the Default in not having raised the Proportion of Men to be raised by the said Parish of in obedience to the Order of General Sessions, and in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Act,] and on due Examination of the Premises it not having appeared to us that such Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect! of, or Disobedience to, the said Order, and that the same hath been unavoidable, but that the same hath arisen through the wilful NegtaSt of Inhabitants of the said Parish of These are therefore to

require you to be and appear before the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said District, on atto shew Cause why the Fine directed to be imposed on the Inhabitants of the said Parish in such Case should not be adjudged to be levied by a Rate, according to the Directions of the said Act. Dated this. Day of

No. 13.

FORM of the Order of Fine.

AI----- WHEREAS T. TV. and Z. X. the Churchwardens (and Overseers) of the Parish of

to wit.,) (or Parishes of or Places) have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by virtue of an Order of General Sessions, made in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Herefet forth the Title of the Act] for the said Parish of (or Parishes, et cetera]

within the Time limited to them for doing the same; And whereas the said Churchwardens and Overseers have been summoned to appear before the said Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the District of and have refused so to do, (or appearing before them at the Petty Sessions held on at

and being examined by them as to the Cause of such Default,) and it having not been made to appear by such Churchwardens and Overseers to the Satisfaction of the Justices aforesaid, that such Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of, or Disobedience to, the Order, and that the same hath been unavoidable, We do hereby, on due Consideration of the Premises, adjudge the said T. TV. and Z. X. the said Churchwardens and Overseers, to be guilty of having wilfully made such Default, and do fine the said T TV. and Z. X. in the<6um of ten Pounds, over and above the Sum of £. which wre the said Justices have ascertained, as nearly as may be, to be the Amount which hath been given on an Average as a Bounty to Men inrolled by virtue of this Act, within the District! of and by virtue of the Powers vested in us by that Act, do order that the same be forthwith paid by them into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County of At for the Uses and Purposes of that Act. Given under our Hands

ind Seals this Day of in the Year of our Lord

No. 14.

FORM of Warrant of Distress for Fine.

M— ? To the Constable of

to wit.

WHEREAS T. TV. and Z. X. the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish of (or Parishes of or Places,) have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed

to be raised by virtue of an Order of General Sessions, made in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Act,] for the said Parish of (or Parishes, et cetera,) within the Time

limited to them for doing the same; And whereas the said Churchwardens and Overseers have been summoned to appear before the said Justices of the Peace acting in and for the District of and have refused so to do, (or appearing before them at the Petty Sessions held on at

and being examined by them as to the Cause of such Default,) and it having not been made to appear by fwdi *, D z Churchwardens

4

C. 5. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Churchwardens and Overseers, to the Satisfaction of the Justices aforesaid, that such Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of or Disobedience to the Order, and that the same hath been unavoidable: And whereas, by virtue of the Powers vested in us by the said Act, we did adjudge the said T. IV. and Z.X. to be guilty of having wilfully made such Default, and accordingly did fine the Sid T. W. and Z. X. as such Churchwardens of the said Parish, in the Sum of JT. for such their Default, which Sum

hath not forthwith been paid; these are therefore to command you to levy the said Sum of £. by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the said T. IV. and Z. X\; and if within the Space of Days next after such Distress by you taken, the said Sum of £. together with the reasonable

Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress, shall not be paid, that then you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by you distrained, and out of the Money arising by such Sale, that you do pay the said Sum of £ into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County of for the Uses and

Purposes of that Act, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, unto them the said T. IV. and Z. X. the reasonable Charges of keeping and felling the said Difirefs being first deduced; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found of the Goods and Chattels of the said T. IV. and Z. X. whereon to levy the said Sum of that then you certify the same to us, together with the Return of this Precept.

Herein fail not. Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day of in the Year of

our Lord,

No. 15.

FORM of Order of levying Rate on Inhabitant or Inhabitants.

To the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish of

M-----? WHEREAS T. IV. and Z* X. the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish of

3 (or Parishes of or Places), have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men

appointed to be raised by virtue of an Order of General Sessions, made in pursuance of an Act, intituled, ^Here set forth the Title of the Aft\y for the said Parish of (or Parishes, et cetera), within the

Time limited to them for doing the same: And whereas the said Churchwardens and Overseers have been summoned to appear before the said Justices of the Peace acting in and for the District of and

that on their appearing before them at the Petty Sessions held at and being examined

by them as to the Cause of such Default; and it having not been made to appear by such Churchwardens and Overseers, to the Satisfaction of the Justices aforesaid, that such Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of or Disobedience to the Order, and that the same hath been unavoidable: And whereas it hath been made appear to our Satisfaction, that the same hath arisen through the wilful Default of I. M. an Inhabitant of the said Parish of (or if more than one, I. M. O. P.

etcetera, Inhabitants, et cetera): We do therefore adjudge and order, and hereby require, by virtue of the Powers vested in us by that Act, that you do cause a Rate to be made upon the said I. M. (or

I. M. O. P. etcetera) for his (or their) Default in this Behalf; and that you do raise the same in such Manner as Rates for the Relief of the Poor are usually made and raised; and that you pay the same so raised forthwith into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County of for the Uses and Purposes of the said, Act. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of

our Lord

‘ 1

No- 16»

FORM of Order of Justices to the Treasurer of the County.

To the Treasurer of the County of M

M-----7 WE, A.B. and C.D. two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the District

\ of in this County, do hereby order you to transfer in your Account to the Use

of E. F. (inrolled as a Substitute to serve for the Parish of (or Parishes, et cetera, of )

in his Majesty's Navy, the Sum of£. out of the Money in your Hands arising from the

Fine imposed upon the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of (or In-

habitants, as the Case may be), or for their Default in not raising a Volunteer for the said Parish of under an Act, intituled, f Here set forth the Title of the Alt.] Given under our Hands and Seals, this

Day of l

No. 17,

FORM of Order or Warrant to Constables, et cetera, to attend.

il/— To the Constables of or Churchwardens, et cetera, of

WE, A.B. C.D. and E. F. his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of assembled at the (General, or Quarter, or Petty Sessions, as it may be), do hereby require and order you to attend the Justices of the Peace assembled at a Sessions of the Peace, on the

Day of atto shew Cause to the said Justices why f Here set out the Default complained of ], or to make a Return (or as the Case may be)* Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

No. 18.

21

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 6 - 8.

No. 18. v

FORM of Conviction for Neglect of Duty.

M-----7 BE it remembered, That on this Day of in the Year of his

to wit* J present Majesty's Reign, A.B. of v is duly convicted before us Justices of the Peace, assembled at a Sessions of the Peace held at in pursuance 01 an Act of the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Act] for that he the said AB. on at did wherefore we the said Justices (or

of the said Justices) do adjudge that he the said A.B. do pay the Sum of as a Fine for his

Offence, in pursuance of the Powers vested in us by the said Act. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

Hl| ! 1 No. 19.

FORM of Commitment for Fraud or wilful Partiality.

- 7 RECEIVE into

' 3 guilty of [Here

To

4/-

to Wit

present Majesty's J*eign, u Custody for the Space of rant. Given under our*Ha our Lord

next ensuing; and for so doing this shall be your sufficient War-nds and Seals, this Day of in the Year of

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[5th March 1795.]

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

[5th March 1795.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Grand function Canal to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, in the County of Hertford, so as to render the Navigation thereof more safe and convenient; and for making some other Amendments and Alterations in an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

[5th March 1795.]

M The Preamble recites Act 33 Geo. III. Cap. 80. Certain Restrictions from deviating more than 100 Yards from the Line of the Canal repealed. Company not to deviate from the new Line, unless by Consent of the Land Owners. Restrictions from carrying Canal through Parks, £sV. without the Consent of Owners. All the Powers of the former Act (except such as are altered or repealed)' extended to the Deviation. Rates of Tonnage which would have been payable on the old Line to be taken upon the 14 new Line. Directions ref|>cdting the Towing Path, life, in the Earl of Clarendon's Grounds. No Build- ings to be erected there without his Content, and the Water to be kept to a certain Height; and no Materials to be got therein without his Consent. Compensation to be made to the Earl of Clarendon for Damages, &c.: His Right of Fishery reserved. Boats not to flop in his Grounds but for certain Purposes. Company to pay the Expence of making up any Deficiency of Water occasioned to Langley Bury Engine, tsfc- Further Directions respecting Langley Bury Engine. Recompence to be made for Injury to the Fisheries of Sir John Filmer and Mr. Marriott. No Damage to be done to certain Mills. No more of certain Meadows to be cut than lies in the Line of the Canal, &c» Foot Path in Hunton Bridge Great Alaum to be on the Towing Path. Company to make Watering Places for Cattle, and supply the same and the Fish Ponds with Water. Boats not to stop in the Grounds of Lord Essex and Sir John Filmer, except for certain Purposes. No Buildings to be erected in Lands of the Earl of Essex, Sir John Filmer, and Mr. Tovey. The Earl of Essex may alter the Line of the Canal within his Lands. Articles of certain Tonnage not to pass Locks in dry Seasons, but under certain Conditions. Clause correcting a Mistake respecting the Appointing of Persons for the Security of Mills. Two Pence per Ton to be taken for all Goods, &c. conveyed upon any Part of the Line of the Deviation of the Canal. Rates may be reduced. Clause for reducing the Number of Members to make General Committees. Company may make Wharfs and erect Warehouses on Land by them occupied in White Fryan. Restrictions upon carrying Coals towards London altered, on account of varying the Line of the Canal. Expences of the Ad 3 and Publick Act."

---

22 C. 9. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

CAP IX.

An Act for procuring a Supply of Men from the several Ports of this Kingdom, for the Service of his Majesty's Navy.

[16th March 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the Public Service, at the present Conjuncture, that the most effectual Measures should be adopted for providing a speedy Supply of Men to serve in his Majesty's Navy:

[Order of Council of Feb. 18, 1795, laying an Embargo on British Vessels, recited.]

And whereas, in order to carry the same into Effect, his Majesty has been pleased, by an Order of Council, bearing Date the eighteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to direct that an Embargo should be laid on all British Ships or Vessels within the several Ports of this Kingdom; which is now in force: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be levied within the Kingdom of Great Britain, in the several Ports herein after mentioned, such able-bodied Men to serve his Majesty in the Navy of Great Britain, at such Times, and in such Manner, as is herein directed;

[Embargo to continue at each Port till its Quota of Men be raised.]

and that the said Embargo on all British Ships and Vessels, from Time to Time, being within the Limits of such Ports respectively, (except as to such Ships or Vessels as shall be, from Time to Time, exempted from such Embargo by any Order or Orders of the Lords of his Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council,) shall continue and be in force at each such Port, according to the intent and Effect of this Act, until the whole Number of Men by this Act required to be levied at all the said Ports respectively shall be levied, approved of, and inrolled in his Majesty's said Service, in the Manner herein directed, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or until such Embargo shall be declared to be generally taken off by his Majesty in Council: And that the Number of Men to be levied by virtue of this Act shall be as follows; (that is to say,)

[Number of Men to be raised, viz.]

For the Port of Aberystwith, sixty-nine Men.

For the Port of Aidborough, nineteen Men.

For the Port of Arundel, thirty-three Men.

For the Port of Barnstaple, seventy-four Men.

For the Port of Beaumaris one hundred and ninety-six Men.

For the Port of Berwick, forty-three Men.

For the Port of Bideford, forty-eight Men.

For the Port of Blakeney, twenty-six Men.

For the Port of Boston, sixty Men.

For the Port of Bridgewater, twenty-six Men.

For the Port of Bridlington, fifty Men.

For the Port of Bristol, six hundred and sixty-six Men.

For the Port of Cardigan, one hundred and thirty-nine Men.

For the Port of Cardiff, fourteen Men.

For the Port of Carlisle, ten Men.

For the Port of Chepstow, thirty-eight Men.

For the Port of Chester, twenty-five Men.

For the Port of Chichester, fifty-six Men.

For the Port of Colchester, eighty-four Men.

For the Port of Cowes, fifty-nine Men.

For the Port of Dartmouth, three hundred and ninety-four Men.

For the Port of Deal, ten Men.

For the Port of Dover, two hundred and forty-one Men.

For the Port of Exeter, one hundred and eighty-six Men.

For the Port of Falmouth, twenty-one Men.

For the Port of Faversham, one hundred and forty-seven Men.

For the Port of Fowey, seventy Men.

For the Port of Gloucester, twenty-eight Men.

For the Port of Gweek, seven Men.

For the Port of Harwich, one hundred and forty-four Men.

For the Port of Hull, seven hundred and thirty-one Men.

For the Port of Ilfracombe, forty-nine Men.

For the Port of Ipswich, fifty-eight Men.

For the Port of Lancaster, one hundred and sixty-three Men.

For the Port of Llanelly, thirty-two Men.

For the Port of London, five thousand seven hundred and four Men.

For the Port of Looe, sixteen Men.

For the Port of Liverpool, one thousand seven hundred and eleven Men.

For the Port of Lyme, twenty-three Men.

For the Port of Lynn, one hundred and ninety-three Men.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9. 23

For the Port of Malden, ninety-four Men.

For the Port of Milford, seventy Men.

For the Port of Minehead, eighteen Men.

For the Port of Newcastle, one thousand two hundred and forty Men.

For the Port of Newhaven, seventeen Men.

For the Port of Padstow, nineteen Men.

For the Port of Penrhyn, eleven Men.

For the Port of Penzance, thirty-five Men.

For the Port of Plymouth, ninety-six Men.

For the Port of Poole, two hundred and seventy-nine Men.

For the Port of Portsmouth, seventy-five Men.

For the Ports of Poulton and Preston, seventeen Men.

For the Port of Rochester, one hundred and thirty-four Men.

For the Port of Rye, ninety Men.

For the Port of Saint Ives, thirty-one Men.

For the Port of Sandwich, seventy-four Men.

For the Port of Scarborough, two hundred and seventy-five Men.

For the Port of Scilly, three Men.

For the Port of Shoreham, twenty-eight Men.

For the Port of Southampton, one hundred and thirty-three Men.

For the Port of Stockton, seventy-three Men.

For the Port of Sunderland, six hundred and sixty-nine Men.

For the Port of Southwold, twenty-one Men.

For the Port of Swansea, eighty-five Men.

For the Port of Truro, eleven Men.

For the Port of Wells, fifty Men.

For the Port of Weymouth, one hundred and thirty-nine Men.

For the Port of Whitehaven, seven hundred Men.

For the Port of Whitby, five hundred and seventy-three Men.

For the Port of Wisbeach, nineteen Men.

For the Port of Woodbridge, eighteen Men.

For the Port of Yarmouth, five hundred and six Men.

For the Port of Aberdeen, two hundred and nineteen Men.

For the Port of Ayr, thirty-three Men.

For the Port of Alloa, ninety-five Men.

For the Port of Anstruther, fifty-three Men.

For the Port of Borrostoness, one hundred and fifty-five Men.

For the Port of Cambeltown, one hundred and twenty-five Men.

For the Port of Dumfries, seventeen Men.

For the Port of Dunbar, thirty-eight Men.

For the Port of Dundee, one hundred and thirty-nine Men.

For the Port of Fort William, eleven Men.

For the several Ports of Clyde, comprehending Glasgow, Greenock, and Port Glasgow, six hundred and eighty-three Men.

For the Port of Inverness, forty Men.

For the Port of Irvine, one hundred and thirty-one Men.

For the Port of Isle Martin, six Men.

For the Port of Kircaldy, one hundred and thirty-six Men.

For the Port of Kircudbright, nineteen Men.

For the Port of Kirkwall, thirty-one Men.

For the Port of Leith, two hundred and six Men.

For the Port of Lerwick, six Men.

For the Port of Montrose, one hundred and seven Men.

For the Port of Oban, twenty Men.

For the Port of Perth, thirty-two Men.

For the Port of Port Patrick, nine Men.

For the Port of Preston Pans, three Men.

For the Port of Rothsay, one hundred and sixty-eight Men.

For the Port of Stornaway, fifty-two Men.

For the Port of Stranrawer, twenty-five Men.

For the Port of Thurso, twelve Men.

For the Port of Tobermoray, five Men: And

For the Port of Wigton, twenty-five Men.

[Every able-bodied Seaman approved, to be estimated equal to two able-bodied Men.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any able-bodied Seaman shall be accepted by the Commissioners acting for any such Port, and approved of by the Regulating Officer or Officers appointed for such Service, every such able-bodied Seaman shall be taken and estimated to be equal to and in lieu of two able-bodied Men, and shall and may be computed as such in the instrument

24 C. 9. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795

of Discharge, herein directed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Number of Men required by this Act to be raised for such Port.

[Admiralty to appoint Regulating Officers, who are to establish Places of Rendezvous.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby required to constitute and appoint so many Officers to regulate the Admission of Men to be levied under the Authority of this Act, for his Majesty's Service, for the said Ports herein enumerated, as they shall deem necessary, who, being so respectively appointed, shall establish a convenient Place or Places of Rendezvous in or near to such Ports for the Reception of such Men;

[Before Inrolment, Men to be examined by Regulating Officers.]

and every such Man so to be levied shall, before his Inrolment, be examined by one such Regulating Officer at the least, as to his Ability to serve his Majesty; and every such Officer shall have full Power of approving or of rejecting any Man tendered to serve his Majesty, subject nevertheless to such Controul and Superintendance as by this Act is particularly directed.

[No Rendezvous to be in London.]

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Place of Rendezvous shall be established within the City or County of the City of London.

---

[

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the respective Owners of such Ships or Vessels as aforesaid, being in any Port herein-before enumerated, except

the Port of London, or, in the Absence of any such Owners, for the Mailers or other Persons having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ships or Vessels respectively, (being assembled together pursuant tc/Notice given in the Names of any two or more of such Owners or Mailers, and published in any Newspaper usually circulated in or near such Port, three Days before the Time appointed for such Meeting, containing the Cause of calling such Meeting, and the Time and Place of Meeting,) to elect, from amongst themselves and the Merchants usually trading to or from such Port, such and so many Persons resident at or near such Port,

and iviaiteis mere aucmoieu man approve; and luen rerions ro eiecxea, and auenting tnercunto, may Commissioners for railing Men for his Majesty's Service in the Navy during the Continuance of the Embargo at such Port for which they shall be elected, and for putting in Execution the Powers veiled in such Commissioners by this Act within such Limits; and that the Justices of the Peace legally qualified to act for every County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, and the Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Chief Magistrates of every City, Town, Cinque Port, or Liberty, wherein any such Port herein-before enumerated, or any Member thereof, shall be situate, (except the Port of London as aforesaid,) and also the Collectors or other principal Officers of the Customs at such Ports respectively, shall and may also, without further Qualification, be Commissioners for the like Purposes within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions; and the Persons so to be elected, or hereby appointed Commissioners, shall have Power to meet and fit, from Time to Time, in such Place or Places as they shall find most convenient; and that three of the said Commissioners in any of the said Ports (except the Port of London as aforesaid) shall be and are hereby empowered to do and execute any Act hereby authorized to be done by such Commissioners, unless the same shall be otherwise specially provided by this Act j and the said Commissioners are hereby respectively required to execute the Powers and Authorities given to them by this Act, without any Fee, Gratuity, Emolument, or Reward whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, That in case no such Commissioners shall be elected to act for any such Port herein-before enumerated (except as aforesaid) within fourteen Days after the passing of this Act, that then the Justices of the Peace legally qualified to act for the respective Counties, Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, or Divisions, wherein such Port shall be situate, and also the Mayor, Bailiffs, and other Magistrates, and the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Port, shall be the Commissioners for such Port, and shall act by themselves, and they are hereby required by themselves to put this Act in Execution, until Commissioners shall be elected to act for such Port jointly with such Justices or Magistrates, and Collector or principal Officer of the Customs, at the Port, in the Manner herein directed.

, (not exceeding twenty-one in any such Port, nor Ids than five) as the major Part of the said Owners lYlarteis there assembled shall approve; and such Persons so elected, and assenting thereunto, maybe

Two Commissioners of the Port (except London) to take before a JtAice the allowing

Oath,

who shall administer it to the other Commissioners.

Commissioners to appoint Aftstants by Authority of the Admiralty,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any two of the Persons elected or appointed to be Commissioners by virtue of this Act, for any Port herein enumerated, (except the Port of London as aforesaid,) before they shall enter upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, or before the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of the Place wherein the Port for which such Commissioners shall be elected to act shall be situate, (which he or they is and are hereby authorized and required to administer,) the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; (that is to say,)

| A.B. do swear, That in the Execution of the several Powers vested in me by virtue of an Act* intituled, "An Act, [Here infer t the Title of the Act,] I will act faithfully and impartially to the belt of my Judgment, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act."

And every other of the said Commissioners at every such Port (except as aforesaid) shall like wife take the same Oath before the said two Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners acting for

spedliycly appoint and employ a Clerk, or such other Assistants as they shall Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or any three or more of them; and

such Clerk shall, for his Pains and Trouble in the same, be allowed, by the Collector or other principal

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto

Officer at such Port, such Sum for each Man raised for his Majesty's Service at such Port, as shall be fixed by the said Commissioners, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or any three or more of them.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That John William Anderson, James Annen, Samuel Bosanquet, Jo bn Briekuood, Thomas B odd i agio a, William Boyd, Thomas Bettesworth, H. Af. Bird, Abel Chapmen, Norrijon Cover dale, Robert Curling, Henry Cox, Anthony Calvert, William Curtis, Alexander Champion, John Duffel, Francis E after by, Edward For/ler, Thomas Gillespy, John Hill, George Hibbert, John Inglis, Thomas King George Kendall, William Lushington, William Leighton, Samuel Lonr, Beefton Long, John Lyall, William Ludlam, William Aioney, William Manning, Richard Miles, Richard Heave, Abraham Pajfmore, Thomas Raikes, Gilfred Lewfon Reid, James Reed, Samuel Thornton, William Ward, John Whitmore, and Robert Wigram, Esquires, shall be, and are hereby constituted Commissioners for raising the Number of Men required by this Act for the Port of London, and for putting in Execution the Powers vested in Commissioners by this Act, within such Limits, in like Manner, and under such Rules and Restrictions, (except where other Rules or Restrictions are hereby expressly provided,) as Commissioners eledied by virtue of this Act are empowered to execute the same.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any two of the said Commissioners in this Act named for the said Port of London, before they enter upon the Execution of this Act, shall take the said Oath herein-before set forth, before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or the Master of the Rolls for the Time being; which they, or either of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to administer; and every other of the said Commissioners in this Act named for the said Port of London, shall likewise take the same Oath before the said two Commissioners, in the Manner herein-before directed with respect to the Commissioners elected by virtue of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any five of the said Commissioners herein named for the said Port of London, shall be and they are hereby empowered to do and execute any Act hereby authorized to be done by Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act (unless the same shall be otherwise specially provided by this Act); and that the said Commissioners for the said Port of London shall, for the greater Convenience and Expedition of raising the Number of Men appointed to be raised for such Port, have Power to meet and fit at one and the same Time, at such two several Places within the Limits of their Jurisdiction, as they shall find moll: convenient, and to cor.stitute two several Boards, with full Powers at each such Board to execute the Powers vested in Commissioners by this Act, and at each such Board to appoint and employ a Clerk, with such Allowance as aforesaid, and such other Assistants as shall be necessary for carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, and as they shall be authorized to do by the said Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or any three or more of them.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall, as soon as conveniently may be after they are elected, and afterwards from Time to Time as they shall judge expedient, take into Consideration the Amount of the Bounties it may be necessary to give for raising Men, and shall report the same to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; and that they shall, in no Case, be at Liberty to give a Bounty which shall exceed the Amount of the Bounty of which the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or any three or more of them, shall have signified their Approbation.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall agree to enter himself as aforesaid shall be produced before the Regulating Officer at the Place of Rendezvous at or nearest to the Port where such Person shall enter, or such other Place as the said Officer, with the Confirm of the Commissioners acting for such Port, shall appoint; and in case the said Officer shall, on Examination, approve of such Person to serve his Majesty, then such Person may forthwith be brought before the said Commissioners acting in and for such Port, to be examined, and that upon its appearing to the said Commissioners, on Examination, that such Person hath voluntarily entered himself in such Service, then the said respective Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to settle with such Person the Amount of the Sums to be paid as a Bounty to such Person, which in no Case shall exceed the Amount of the Bounty of which the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty shall have previously signified their Approbation to the said Commissioners; and the said respective Commissioners acting for any such Port, or any three or more of them, shall forthwith certify under their Hands, that such Person hath voluntarily entered himself in the Service of his Majesty's Navy, setting forth therein the Place or Places of the Birth or lawful Settlement, Age or Ages, and Calling or Callings, of him or them respectively, if the same shall be known; and the said Commissioners shall also, at the Foot of every such Certificate, enter the Amount of the Sums to be paid as a Bounty to such Person on his entering into such Service, and shall progressively number the Certificates as they shall severally be granted; and which Certificates shall be directed to the Regulating Officer, (the said Commissioners taking the Receipt of such Regulating Officer for the same, and which Receipts such Regulating Officer is hereby required to give,) and the Regulating Officer shall thereupon cause such Person or Persons respectively to be inrolled in his Majesty's Naval Service; and every Person so inrolled shall forthwith be placed under the Command of such Officer or Officers; and upon the Removal of any Persons so inrolled, in order to be placed under the Command of any other Officer or Officers, either on Shore or on board any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, every Certificate of such Commissioners, or full and true Copies thereof respectively, shall be transmitted along with such Persons so inrolled, and delivered to tac respective Commanding Officers of the Ships or Vessels of War on board which such Persons shall be

Commissioners for London.

Two Commissioners for London to take the Oath, and administer it to the other missioners.

Commissioners may act for London, and may meet at the Came Time at two Places, &c.

entered to serve.

XIV.

15 Geo. III.

E

C. 9. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Commissioners

may give Orders on the principal Officers of the Customs for a Third of Bounties,

Certificates, or Copies signedhy Regulating Officers, to be transmitted with the Persons inrolled, and delivered to the Commanding Officers of the Vessels in which they shall be entered, who shall make out Tickets for Payment of Bounty Morey due as for Arrears of Wages, which may be paid. agreeably to 31 Geo. II. Cap. 10, &c.

How Lids and Bills shall be made out where Persons desire to have Part of their Bounty paid to their Families.

Rules for Payment of Wages to be used for, Payment of Bounty.

Persons disqualified for Inrol-ment.

Admiralty to appoint Officers to superintend the Admission and Entry of hlcn.

who shall determine Appeals of Commissioners again A Rejection of Men by the ordinary Regulating Officers, &c.

When the complete Number of Men has been inrolled lor any

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners, before whom any Person shall be brought to be examined touching his Consent to enter into the said Service, by any Draft. Bill, or Order, under the Hands of any three or more of them, to direct the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Port, to pay to such Person any Sum not exceeding one-third Part of the Bounty agreed to be paid to him on his engaging to serve, to be advanced to such Person, or to such of his Family, and in such Proportions, as he shall request at the Time of his Inrolment; and such Drafts, Bills, or Orders respectively, shall ascertain the Names and Descripnons of the Persons to whom the same shall be made payable; and such Collector or other principal ()fficer aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay the same out of any Duties of Customs then in their Hands, or otherwise out of the first Monies that shall come to their Hands of the said Duties.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Certificate so granted, or a

full and true Copy thereof, signed by such Regulating Officer or Officers, shall in all Cases where any such Person inrolled by virtue of this Act shall be placed under the Command of any other Officer or Officers, either on Shore or on board any Ship or Vessel, be transmitted along with such rerlon so inrolled, and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel on board which such Person shall be entered to serve; and such Commanding Officer shall, within four Days from the Time of such Person being mufte. and rated on board such Ship, and before such Ship or Vessel of War shall proceed to Sea, make out a Ticket or 'Pickets for the Payment of the Bounty Money agreed to be paid to such Person on his engaging to serve and then remaining due, and which shall be expressed in the Certificate granted on that Behalf, or in such Copy thereof as aforesaid, in such Manner as if such Bounty Money had become due to such Person on Account of Arrears of Wages as a Seaman on board such Ship or Vessel; and such Bounty Money shall and may be paid to such Person, or to such Person’s Family, and in such Proportions, as such Person shall request, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty Ring George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punttuaI, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and Jor enabling them more easily and readily to remit the fa?ne for the Support of their IVivcs and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments, or by any other Act relating to the Payment of such Wages: Provided always, that where such Person shall desire any Portion of the said Bounty Money then remaining due to be paid to his Family, the Lift required to be made out in such Case by the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall be made out in the Manner required by the said Act of the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty aforesaid, except that in such List the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port where such Man was raised, shall be specified instead of the respective Officers directed by the said Act to pay any Part of the Arrears of Wages due to Seamen in the Navy; and that the Bills to be made out thereupon shall be made out by such Captain and Commander, and directed to such Collector or other principal Officer aforesaid, and to no other; and that all the Rules, Forms, Directions, and Methods, used for the Payment of Wages due to Seamen, or payable to their Families, in pursuance of the said Act of the thirty-first Year aforesaid, or by any such other Act of Parliament, (except as aforesaid,) shall be used in like Manner for the Payment of such Bounty Money to all and every the Men who shall be entered into his Majesty's Service in pursuance of this Act, or to their respective Families, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Acts, and every Clause therein contained, had been extended and applied particularly by this Act to such cases; and the said Collector, or other principal Officer aforesaid, shall pay the Residue of the said Bounty, according to the Directions herein-before given for Payment of such Portion thereof as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be received or inrolled in his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act, who is not, in the Opinion of the Regulating Officer or Officers, such an able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Ruptures, and every other Distemper, or bodily Weakness or Infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his Duty in the Navy, or who, in the Opinion of such Officer or Officers, shall appear to be under the Age of sixteen Years, or above the Age of forty-five Years if a Landman, or of fifty Years if a Seaman.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to appoint certain Officers, of the Rank of Post Captains, or Commanders in his Majesty's Navy, to superintend within such Districts, near the Coasts of this Kingdom, as shall be allotted to them respectively, the Admission and Entry of Men into the Service of the Navy in pursuance of this Act, under such Regulations and Rules as the said Commissioners of the Admiralty shall, from Time to Time, constitute; and if any Person or Persons who shall have been tendered to serve his Majesty in pursuance of this Act shall have been rejected by the ordinary Regulating Officer, and the Commissioners acting for the Port where such Man shall be tendered shall think themselves aggrieved thereby, such Commissioners may appeal to the superintending Officer or Officers, of the Rank above-mentioned, within the District where such Port shall be situate, who shall forthwith proceed to examine such rejected Person, and to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint, and to make such Order therein as to him or them shall seem reasonable, which Determination and Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and in case such superintending Officer shall order such rejected Person to be inrolled in his Majesty's Navy, then such ordinary Regulating Officer shall, without Delay, on Receipt of such Person, cause him to be inrolled in Manner herein-before directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any such Commissioners shall have caused such Number of Men to be inrolled in such Service at any such Port, as to complete the Number of Men requit by this Act in respect of such Port, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, and

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9. 27

they are hereby required, by an Instrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to certify the same to the tupcrimending Officer or Officers appointed for the District where such Port shall be situate; and every such Instrument shall specify the Port where such Men were so raised, and the Names, Ages, Places of Birth, or lawful Settlement, and Callings of them respectively, in such Manner as they shall respectively be described in the Certificates of the Commissioners aforesaid, granted at the Time of inrolling such Men; and such Officer or Officers shall, on Receipt thereof, forthwith cause the same to be transmitted to the said Commissioners of the Admiralty, to be laid before his Majesty in Council.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners at every Port where

Men shall be raised in pursuance of this Act, shall cause to be entered an exact Copy of every Certificate granted by them respectively on the Inrolment of such Men as shall have been raised, with the respective Numbers thereof, as by this Act directed, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and shall, when thereunto required by the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Port, cause to be made out and delivered a true and exact Copy thereof, dating the Number of every such Certificate; ^nd such Collector or other principal Officer shall forthwith, or within one Month at the farthed, transmit the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Cudoms in London and Edinburgh, under whom they respectively act, or a true and exact Copy thereof, dating the Number of every Certificate so granted; and that if any such Officer or Officers shall neglect or refuse so to do, he or they so offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall be brought on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War in pursuance of this Act, shall be rated therein after passing a Muf-ter on board the same; and that, after being so rated, every such Person shall be and is hereby declared to be entitled to Wages from the Day of his Inrolment in his Majesty's Service, as here in-be fore is directed; and shall also, over and above the Bounty Money agreed upon at the ime of his Inrolment, be entitled to such other Bounty, Emoluments, and Advantages, as any other Person voluntarily entering himself to lerve cn board any of his Majesty's Ships of War is by Law entitled unto.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel of War or other Vessel, of whatever Built the same may be, or under whatever Description the same may fall, being the Property of his Majesty or the Royal Family, or any of them, or any Lighters, Barges, Boats, or Vessels, of any Built or Description whatever, uled solely in Rivers, or Inland Navigation.

Port, the Commissioneri shall certify the same to the luperin-tending Officer, who shall transmit the Certificate to the Admiralty.

Commissioners to enter Certificates in a Book, and to give a Copy when required by the principal Officer of the Customs, who shall tranl-mit it to the Commissioners of the Customs, on Penalty of 1001.

Persons after being mustered on board, to be entitled to Wage* frein Day of Inrolment, and to all Emoluments, as other Volunteers.

Act not to extend to VtfTcls of his Majesty or the Royal Family, or ufid solely in Rivers or Inland Navigation.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Charge or Fee whatever shall be demanded, paid, or received, by any Person or Persons, by reason of or on the Removal of the Embargo hid on any Ship or Vessel during the Continuance of this Act; any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorized to issue and cause to be advanced all such Sums of\ Money to such respective Commissioners, in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them if in London, or three or more of them if in any other Port, shall by Writing under their Hands from Time to Time desire, out of any Part of the Duties of Customsthenin me Hands of the Collector or other principal Officer of the Cudoms, or otherwise out of the first Monies which shall afterwards come to the Hands of such Collector or other principal Officer of the said Duties; which Sums so to be advanced shall he employed for the Payment of such Allowances, and in defraying such ncctflary Charges and Expences in or about the Execution of this Act, as the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's i reasury shall direct or allow, and which Money (o to be advanced shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Assessment whatsoever, imposed by Authority of Parliament, but that an Account of the said Charges and Expences shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within two Months after the Expiration of the Commission, if Parliament shall be then fitting; and if Parliament shall not be fitting, then within fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners named in this Act, or elected Commissioners by virtue thereof, shall decline to act in the Execution of the Powers hereof, or having begun to suft shall decline to act any further therein, or shall depart this Life during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of them, acting as aforesaid at or for any such Port, or constituting a Board of Commissioners at such Port, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, to constitute and appoint such Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners at such Port for the Pui poles aforesaid, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners lo refusing to act, or declining further to act, or dying as aforesaid, as the said acting Commissioners, or the major Part of them, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and so often as such Cale shall happen; and the Person or Persons so constituted and appointed by the said Commissioners, wfith such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, having first qualified to act by taking and subscribing the Oath herein-before provided and directed, shall be invested with the same Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by tniN Act unto the said Commissioners named or constituted by this Act respectively.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not be deemed or construed to be a Precedent, on any future Occasion, to di-

HEt Ea minish

No Fee to be paid on Removal of Embargo.

Treasury to I flue Money to the Commissioners out of the Duties of Customs for Payment of Charges, an Account of which shall he bid before Parliament within two Months if Sitting, and il not, within 14 Days after Commence-mentef the next Session.

Majority of Commissioners, with the Approbation of the Treasury, to

cleft Successors to Commissioners declining to act, or dying.

This Act not to beaPreccdcntlor dimmiftungthe

28

Rights of the City of London

C. q.

tricesimo

A.D.

1795

Penalties to be recovered and applied as those for Offences against the Laws of Customs.

Limitation of Actions.

derteral I flue.

[Treble Costs.]

Act may be altered or repealed this Setfion.

Commissioners to give a wsitten Account of their Proceedings to the Admiralty.

Pcvfons accused of Offences pu-nilhable by Law to be delivered over to the Civil Magi (Irate.

Per; try on Offict r* lor not delivering over such Offenders, Sec*

minifti or be prejudicial to the Rights, Liberties, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions to which the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Freemen, Citwens, or Inhabitants of the said City, are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament, Charter, Usage or other-wile howsoever>

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures in-flidted and incurred by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in such Courts, and be disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods as any Penalties or Forfeitures in-fiidted, or which may be incurred for any Offence committed against the Laws of Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and that the Officer or Officers concerned in Profecu-tiens under this Act shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty for any Offence against this Act, as any Officer or Officers is or are now, by any Laws or Regulations relative to the Customs

XXVII. And be it further enadle menced against any Person or Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners for any Thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, until fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to such Person or Persons, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action shall be brought in one of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as the Case may require, and shall be laid in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in fucti Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without fourteen Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Actionor Actions, or if a Verdict shall pals against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XXIX. And be it further enacted under the Authority of this Act shall thereunto required by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or any three or more of them, during their carrying on any Proceedings under this Act, and as (bon as pollible after the Determination of such Proceedings, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings, in Writing, to the said Commissioners of the Admiralty.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person inrolled in his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act shall be accused of any Capital Crime,~pr of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate, or Property of any of his Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land, the Officer or Officers having the Command of such Party is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial; and if any such Officer shall wilfully neglect or refute, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the apprehending such Offender, every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Division where the Fact is committed, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses, shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Laid County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall be inrolled in his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process whatever, other than by foine Criminal Process, for some Criminal Matter punishable by the known Laws of the Land. Tim

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Instrument hereby directed to be made out by such Commissioners for the Discharge of Ships or Vessels from the Requisitions of this Act, and the Certificates to be given on the Inrohnent of any Man in his Majesty's Service, in pursuance of this Act respectively, may be in the Form following; (videlicet,)

by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Commissioners acting from Time to Time, at their Discretion, or as often as they shall be

No Person inrolled to betaken out of the Service but lor a Criminal Matter.

Instruments for che Discharge of Vessels from the Requisitions of this Act, and

Certificates on the Inrolment of Men, may be in the following Form.

To the Superintending Officer acting for the District of the Port of

' We the underwritten, being of the Commissioners acting for the Port of

under the Authority of an Act of Parliament, paflbd in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, [Here Jet forth the Title of the Atl^\ having, in pursuance of the said Act,

raised for his Majesty's Service the Men herein after described, being the full Proportion of Men re-

quired

C. io

29

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

quired by the said Ac* to be raised to serve in his Majesty's Navy at the said Port of 4 do, by this our Instru nent, certify the same to be in Discharge of the several Ships or Vessels belonging to the said Port of

Numbers of the Certificates. Names of Men. Ages Callings* Places of Birth, or lawful Settlement. Capacities, whether as Seamen or Landmen. Bounty settled by Commissioners.

Sum paid 1 Sum due. on Inrol- 1 ment. 1 Total.

A

For the Port of

1 (No*,).

In pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, [Here

4Jet forth the Title of the We the underwritten, being of the Commissioners

ailing under the Authority of the said Act, do certify, that the Person herein after described hath vo-

luntarily agreed to enter into his Majesty's Navy.

Name of the Man in rolled. Age. Calling. Place of Birth, or lawful Settlement. Capacity, whether Seaman or Landman.

And we do further certity, That the Amount of the Bounty settled by us to be given to the Person before described is of lawful Money of Great Britain \ [and if any Sum is to be Paid

to him on InrolmenU and as follows] and we do hereby direct, that the Sum of Part

thereof, shall be paid to the said far, to the Wife, Child, Father, or Mother, at his

Request\ at the Time of his Inrolment, for which Sum we have directed our Draft [ Bill or Order]

to the Collector [or other principal Officer] of the Customs at the Port of

Dated this Day of

} Commissioners,

CAP. X.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Wine and Sweets.

[16th March 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charges occ-fioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purple to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant

C. io.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

The following

additional Duties of Excise to be paid in Great Britain;

c unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after respectively mentioned and do the»efore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein after mentioned that is to say,;

For French Wine, for which all the Duties were not paid by FeK 23, 1795, 30l. per Tun; and for Wine of all other

Sorts imported,

ao 1. per Tun.

For French Wine found in Stock, on the first Survey, after Feb.

23, 1795> 3ol# perTun;

and for Wine of all other Sorts so found, 201.

For every Barrel of Sweets made in Great Britain for Sale, iis.

7 d. 1 q.

For every Tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Duty of thirty Pounds:

For every Tun of Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sorts imported into Great Britain, and so in Pro-tien for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February owe thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Duty of twenty Pounds:

For every Tun of French Wine, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise, after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession, of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, to be paid by such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers a Duty of thirty Pounds: ,

For every Tun of Portugal and Madira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sorts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall have been found on the first adnal Survey by the proper Officer of Excise, after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, to be paid by such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, a Duty ofttwenty Pounds:

For every Barrel of Liquor which (hah be made in Great Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be made by the Maker thereof, a Duty of eleven Shillings and seven Pence Farthing.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excd'c.

Hew Wine found in Stock shall be efti-nuted, and how the Duties thereon shall be paid.

Act not to extend to Stock for which the additional Duty shall have been paid on Importation, nor where the Stock does not exceed 252 Gallons.

33 Geo. III. Cap. 48, allowing a Drawback of Duties on Wines used on board the Navy, to extend to the Port of Dartmouth.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in estimating the said additional Duties hereby imposed on Foreign Wine, as being found upon such actual Survey as aforesaid, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, after the said twenty-third Day of iFebruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, which shall be in Bottles, five reputed Quart Bottles shall be reckoned to the Gallon, and two hundred and fifty-two of such Gallons to the Tun and the said additional Duties payable on Foreign Wine, as being in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine as aforesaid, shall be paid in Manner following; that is to fey, One Fourth Part thereof on the third Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; One other Fourth Part thereof on the third Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; One other Fourth Part thereof on the seventh Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and the remaining Fourth Part thereof on the second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with any Duty by virtue of this Act, any Foreign Wine in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, for which the additional Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid on Importation thereof; nor any Foreign Wine in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, unless such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall have in his, her, or their Stock, Custody, or Possession on such actual Survey as aforesaid, after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five a Quantity or Quantities of such Foreign Wine exceeding two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, reckoning five reputed Quart Bottles to a Gallon for all such Wine as shall be in Bottles.

V. And whereas by the herein-before recited Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, a Drawback of the whole Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise paid on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain is allowed on any Sort of Wine intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains or other commissioned Officers employed in his Majesty's Service, for their actual Consumption on board such of his Majesty's Ships as they shall serve in, yearly and every Year, in the Proportions therein mentioned, and unitar the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeiture, cjntained in the said recited Act; and it is among other Things provided that the said Drawback shall not be allowed upon any

95

tricesimo quinto

C. io

Wines but such as shall be delivered into the Charge of the Collectors and Comptrollers of his Majesty's Customs at certain Ports therein enumerated: And whereas it is expedient that the Drawback should be allowed, pursuant to the said recited Act, upon any Wines which may be delivered into the Charge of the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs at the Port of Dartmouth also, in the same Manner c as at any of the Ports particularly mentioned in the said Act:* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Clause, Matter, and Thing, in the said recited Act relating to the Allowance of the Drawback on Wines in any of the Ports therein enumerated, shall be, and the same is hereby extended to the Port of Dartmouth; and all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures of the said recited Act shall, and the same are hereby declared to apply accordingly, the same as if all the Clauses, Powers, Directions, and Authorities were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Drawback of the whole Duties on Foreign Wine imposed by this Act shall be allowed on any Sort of such Foreign Wine intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains, or other commissioned Officers, employed in his Majesty's Service, for their actual Consumption on board such of his Majesty's Ships as they shall respectively serve in, in like Manner, and under the like Provisions, Conditions, and Restrictions, as a Drawback of the former Duties paid on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain are directed to be allowed by an Act passed in thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to allow the Drawback of the Deities

tf Customs and Excise upon iVines consumed by Admirals, Captains, and other commissioned Officers^ on board Ships of War in actual Service; and to allow such Ships to befupplied with Tobacco Duty-free.

VII. And whereas Contracts may have been made for the Sale of Wine before the first ndtual Survey

taken by the Officer of Excise after the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety nvc, or Wines may have been fold subsequent to such Survey;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Wine whereon the respective Duties by this Act imposed shall be charged, shall have been or shall be delivered in pursuance of such Contracts or Sales, it shall be lawful for the Dealer or Dealers in such Foreign Wine, delivering the same, to charge so much Money as shall be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof, in Addition to the Price of such Wine; and such Dealer or Dealers shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to demand and be paid the same accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Wine taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, and taken out of any Warehouse wherein the same shall have been secured, to be consumed in this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of Wine imported; and such additional Duty shall be paid and payable by such Persons, and in such Manner as the former Duties by the said Act of the thirty-third Year aforesaid imposed, are payable by Law.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several new and additional Rates and Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Money so paid in as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise from the said Duties, or so much thereof as shall be Efficient, ftuli be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament, and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue ;\and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Exportation of any Foreign W;^ for or in respect whereof the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been duly paid, there shall be paid or allowed to the Exporter or Exporters a Drawback of the said Duties of Excise, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained, provided, settled, or citabiished, in and by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Dutils in lieu thereof to be collected under the Management of the Comtmjftoners of Excise \ and the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be used, applied, practised, and put in execution, on the Exportation of Wine, for the Purpose of obtaining a Drawback of the Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Rules, Regula-

tioas Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act. t

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every die Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clause9, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the iwt.nh ^ear of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards

31

Drawback of the whole Duties to be allowed on Foreign Wine, for the Consumption of Officers on board the Navy agreeable to 33 Geo. III. Cap. 4S.

For Wine contracted to be sold, the additional Duty may be added to the Price.

For Prize Wine taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption, the additional Duty to be paid.

Duties to be carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan of this Session, and foo io Years to be kept separate from other Monies.

Drawback to be allowed on Exportation of Foreign Wines agreeable to 26 Geo. 111. Cap.

59> &c*

Powers of 12 Car. !]. Cap. 24, Arc to extend to this Act.

3 2

The following additional Du-t.es to be paid, viz.

For every Gallon of Wash made in England from Grain, for Home Consumption, not made into Spirit

For every Gallon from other Bricifh Materials, id.

For every Gallon from Mc-laflts or Sugar, id. z q.

For every Gallon from Foreign Materials, except Mclaffes and Sugar, zd.

For every 96 Gallons made by Me firs. Bishop from 112 lb. of Corn, as. 8d. 3q.

Duties to be under the Management of the Excise.

Wash made in England, according to zS

C. 11. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provider! and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than and in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act,) shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and efttdually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. XI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, made in England, for extracting Spirits fqr Home Consumption; and for preventing Distillers from making use of Wheat or Wheat Flour in making. "Wash for extracting Spirits.

[16th March 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and 6 making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose c to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after respectively mentioned f and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied*, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say, ’

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts,

or any Mixture with the same, and which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers

thereof, one Penny: by Feb. 23, 1795> ld*

For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, (except such as are before mentioned,) or from any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, one Penny:

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof,

one Penny Halfpenny: e,

For every Gallon of Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England%

from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except

Melasses and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, two Pence:

For every ninety-six Gallons of Wash which Sir William Bishop, Armies Bishop, and George Bishop, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, shall produce from a Weight of Malt or other Corn, including the

Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve Pounds, and which shall not be actually distilled

into Spirits on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,

two Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings 3 and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity of such Wash.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act imposed shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, under and according to the Rules, Regula-

6 lions.

795

tricesimo duinto

C. ii.

33

lions, and Provisions of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for ^co 'lir*. extracting Low Wines or Spirits for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, xxp'0-t lio-wo shall be charged or chargeable with any Duty or Duties of Excise/granted by this Act. Scotland not

i"* |'k u liable to additional Duty.

IV. And whereas Standing Contracts may have been made before the said twenty-third Day of

February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, by Distillers and Makers of Spirits, for British Spirits to be delivered after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety- five;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Distillers and Makers of Spirits, delivering such British Spirits after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in pursuance of such Contrails, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respe<5l of the Wort or Wash from whence such Spirits were extracted or made, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled, by virtue of this Act, to be paid for the same accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several new and additional Rates and Duties by this Act’ imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) (hah, from and after the passing of this Act, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise from the said Duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts to be parted in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, For-

feitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of K. ing Charles the Second, intituled, Sin Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excile, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act,) shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, railing,

levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, and for

, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to^ all Intents and

as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters,

and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

and from thenceforth until the Expiration of six Weeks next after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, no Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, shall apply, spend, consume, or make use of, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be applied, spent, consumed, or made use cf, any Wheat or Wheat Flour in the brewing, making, or preparing any Wort or Wash for making or extracting Low Wines or Spirits; and if any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wmes or Spirits, shall apply, spend, consume, or make use of, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be applied, spent, consumed, or made use of, any Wheat or Wheat Flour, in the brewing, making, or preparing any Wort or Wash for making or extracting Low Wines or Spirits contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and l-.fe the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and every Servant of such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, and every other Person who shall be aiding and assisting in the applying, spending, confuraing, or making use of any Wheat or Wheat Flour in the brewing, making, or preparing any Wort or Wash for making or extracting Low Wines or Spirits, or in carrying or conveying the same into the House, Stillhouse, or other Place used by such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, in the brewing, making, or preparing such Wort or Wash, shall also forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and in Default of Payment thereof, immediately upon Con-'iction, shall be liable to suffer three Months Imprisonment in the House of Correction, and to be kept to hard Labour during such Imprisonment.

irposes.

Distillers delivering L'ritish Spirits after Feb. 23, 1795, on Contrails made previous to that Day, may add to the Price a Sum equivalent to the Duties.

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

W\

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan of this StiTion, and for 10 Years to be kept separate from other Monies.

The Powers of 12 Car. II.

Cap. 24, &c. to extend to this Act.

Till the Expiration of six Weeks liter the Commencement of next Session, no Distiller shall use any Wheat or Wheat Flour in making Wort for extracting Spirits, on Penalty of 500l. and Persons aiding Distillers in such Ufc shall forfeit ao L &:c.

34-

C. 12.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795

CAP. XII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits

Most Gracious Sovereign,

March

The following additional Duties to be paid on imported Spirits.

For Single Brandy, for which all Duties shall not have been paid by Feb.

*3> x795> 10d-

per Gal loir; and for Brandy above

Prod*, J s. 8d. per Gallon:

For Spirits-of th:

British Colonies,

S d. per Gallon:

C WE’ Your Majesty's m°ft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after respectively mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fatne. That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every Gallon of Single Brandy, imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Duty of ten Pence:

For every Gallon of Brandy above Proof, imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Duty of one Shilling and eight Pence:

For such Spirits above Proof, 1 s. 4& per Gallon:

For such Spirits warehoused, and delivered out after Feb. 23, ,795, 2d-per Gallon:

For such Spirits at ove Proof so warehoused and delivered, 1 s.

4 d. per Gallon:

For Single Spirits imported, other than as aforesaid, 10 d.

f e: Gallon; and if above Pi oof, is. Sd. per Gallon.

Additional Duty on Spirits imported from the British Colonies, may t>c.bonded,

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Duty of eight Pence:

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Duty of one Shilling and four Pence:

For every Gallon of Rum or Spirits of the Produce of the British Plantations, which, on the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be in any Warehouse in which the lame shall have been put, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained and provided in an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerning the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the same in Warehouses, and which shall, from and after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be delivered out of any fuel) Warehouse or Warehouses respectively for Home Consumption, (except such Rum or Spirits for which all the Duties payable thereon shall have been paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,) to be paid by the Importer upon Demand, a Duty of eight Pence:

For every Gallon of Rum or Spirits over Proof, of the Produce of the British Plantations, which, on the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be in any such Warehouse, and which shall, from and after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption, (except such Rum or Spirits for which all the Duties payable thereon shall have been paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,) to be paid by the Importer upon Demand, a Duty of one Shilling and four Pence:

For every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vita, (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid,) imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Duty of ten Pence:

For every Gallon of Spirits, or Aqua Vita, (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid,) above Proof, imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Duly of one Shilling and eight Pence.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed for or in respect of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, imported into this Kingdom, may be bonded and secured, and shall be paid and payable in such

Manner only, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the Rates and Duties of Excise heretofore

j- r. 5 - charged

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 13

35

charged for or in respect of such Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, may be now bonded and secured, and are by Law paid and payable.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Foreign Brandy, Rum, and Spirits, taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, and taken out of any Warehouse wherein the same shall have been secured, to be consumed in this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,^ Apfor the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, shall be subjcS and liable to the additional Duty by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Brandy, Rum, and Spirits, respectively imported; and such additional Duty shall be paid and payable by such Persons, and in such Manner, as the former Duties, by the said Act of the thirty-third Year aforesaid imposed, are payable by Law.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitce, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, shall be allowed on the Shipping thereof as Stores to be (pent and consumed on board in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, in the same Manner as the former Duties imposed thereon now are, or hereafter may be directed to be allowed by Law.

VI. And whereas Standing ContraSs may have been made before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, by Importers or Dealers in Foreign Spirits, for such Foreign Spirits to be delivered after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Importers and Dealers delivering such Foreign Spirits after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in pursuance of such ContraSs, shall be allowed to add lo much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Foreign Spirits to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled, by virtue of this Act, to be paid-for the same accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies, from Time to Time arising by the several additional Rates and Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) shall, from and after the passing of this Act, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise from the said Duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made or Stock to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament, and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinSly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Otficeof the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King

at:

tng away for Jettl

other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Kevenue ot L-xctle, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act,) shall be praSifeo, ufeJ, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punching Frauds relating thereto, as fully and efteSually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and 'Filings, were particularly repeated and rc-enacted in this present Act.

4cc. as present Duties.

Prize Spirit* taken out of Warehouses, liable to additional Duty.

Duties to be under the Management of the Excise.

Du ties on Spirit* of the British Colonies to be allowed on Ship’s Store*.

Persons delivering Foreign Spirits after Feb.aj, 1795, on Contracts made previous thereto, may add to the Price a Sum equivalent to Duty.

Duties to be car-r. to the Consolidated Fund;

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan of thisSef. fion, and for it> Years to be kept separate front other Monies.

Powers of n Car. 11. Cap. 24, &c. to extend to tltis Act,

CAP. XIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee, and

Cocoa Nuts.—£ 16th March 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to a (ray your Majesty's Public f.xpences, aixJ 4 making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, as 1'ull be adequate to the increased Charge oc-

- V‘, Fa 4 calioncJ

36

C. 13

tricesimo auinto G

III.

795

The following additional Duties to be pa;d iri Great Britain:

c cafioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily rel'olved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after respectively mentioned j* and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein after mentioned \ that is to

say,

# % v

For and upon all Tea which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be fold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, a Duty of seven Pounds ten Shillings per Centum, to be computed upon the gross Prices at which such Tea shall be fold, to be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Tea to the said United Company, and to be paid by the said United Company to the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon, for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not have been paid on or before the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, a Duty of Sixpence Halfpenny:

For Tea (old by the East India Company, 71.

10s per Cent.

"upon the Price.

For Cocoa Nuts of The Growth of-Dritith Colonies

in America, delivered out of Warchcufcs, for Home Con-

which all the Duties shall not have been paid by Feb. 23, 1795, 6d. aq. per lb. 5

and of the Growth of any other Flace,

2 s. 8d. per lb.

For Coffee so delivered, 6 d. aq. per lb.

Duty on Tea to

be deemed an Inland Duty, and drawn back on Exportation j and the Duties on Tea, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, to be levied, &c. agreeable to Acts relating to the Excise.

Prize Tea fold, and Prize Coffee and Cocoa Nuts taken out of Warehouses to be consumed, liable to the additional Duty.

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon, for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not have been paid on or before the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, a Duty of one Shilling and eight Pence:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Coffee imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon, for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not have been paid on or before the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, a Duty of Sixpence Halfpenny. 7 '

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of Tea shall be deemed and taken to be an Inland Duty, and be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, and shall be again drawn back and repaid upon the Exportation of such Tea to any Place where.a Drawback of the Duty on Tea is now allowed by Law, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are respectively contained, provided, settled, or established, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of pailing this Act, and relating to the Exportation of Tea; and the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in Execution, upon such Exportation of any such Tea; and that the said respective Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of Tea, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, respectively, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, by such Persons, and under such Management, and under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Redactions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are respectively contained, provided, settled, orefta-bli(hedxby any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of passing this Act, and relating to the Excise Duties payable for or in respect of Tea, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, respectively; and the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures respectively,(nall be, and the same respectively are hfreby directed to be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, for the railing, levying, collecting, and paying, the said respective Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of 'Lea, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, respectively, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tea taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, pursuant to the Rules,' Regulations, and Restrictions, prescribed by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty by this Act imposed on Tea; and that all Coffee and Cocoa Nuts taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, and taken out of any Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured, in pursuance of the said Act, to be confirmed in this Kingdom, shall afo be subject and liable to the additional Duties'by this imposed for or in respect of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively imported.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Exportation of Chocolate there shall be paid and allowed the following additional Drawbacks; that is to say,

37

The following Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of Chocolate made in Great Britain t

apart

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Chocolate which shall be made in Great Britain of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid,) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, a Drawback of five Pence:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Chocolate which shall be made in Great Britain of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, imported into Great Britain, (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid,) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, a Drawback ot on$ Shilling and four Pence:

Which said Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed upon the same Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are respectively contained, provided, settled, or established, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of parting this Act, and relating to the Exportation of Chocolate; and the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in Execution, upon such Exportation of any such

Chocolate.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time

~ ofed as aforesaid, (the necessary

, from Time to Time, be paid Money so paid in as aforesaid,

shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise from the said Duties, or so much thereof as shall be fuftkient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of

by any Loan to be made or Stock to be created by virtue of any Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten

Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and

5 provided and kept in the Office

of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to h;$ Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by way of Annuities.

[16th March 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved, that the Sum of eighteen Millions be raised by Annuities, in Manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that

it may be enacted

li Every Contributor of 100l. to be entitled to an Annuity of 3l. from January 5, 1795; a Principal of 33l.6J.&/. of 4l. per Cents, from October 10, 1794; and an Annuity of 8x. bd% for sixty-five Years and iniee Months from the said October 10; and, in a certain Case, to such further Annuity as shall be fixed. Annuities to be payable out of the Consolidated Fund Half-yearly. Contributors who have made Ocpofits at the Bank may pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions by Instalments. Guardians may subscribe for Infants. Contributors to be allowed Discount for Subscriptions paid in Advance. Annuities to be paid Half-yearly, but not till Subscriptions are completed. Contributors paying the Whole of ti.cir Subscriptions by the Times herein specified, to be entitled to the Annuities at certain-Periods. Annuities payable at the Bank. The Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant General, and the -fury to order Money to be paid to the Cashier. Cashier to pay Annuities without Delay,'"and the Accountant General to inspetft his Accounts. Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may be afiigped before December 10, 1795- Cashier to give Security, and to pay Money within five Days after received, into the Exchequer. A Book to be kept in the Accountant General’s Office for entering Contributors Names, a Duplicate of which shall be transmitted to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions to be entitled to their Annuities free from Taxes. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, to be forfeited. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, they may be transferred at the Bank. Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate. Treasury may apply the Money paid into the Exchequer. Accountant General to keep Books for registering Xransiers* Stock may be

deviled by Will, which must be entered with the Accountant General* Transfers not to be liable to

" Scamp

If of Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of any British Colony in America, 5d. per lb.

If of the Produce of any other Place, i s. 4<1

Drawbacks to be paid agreeable to Acts in lb i ce,

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Duties to be

applied in defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan of this Session, and for io Years to be kept separate from other Monies.

3$

C. 15.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795

Stamp Duty. Treasury to defray incidental Expences out of Contributions, and to allow Salaries to the Caftiier and Accountant General. The 3 per Cents, under this Act to be added to the Joint Stock

Preamble, reciting Orders in Council of Jan. 16,

and of J; n. 21,

,795*

Tf Goods, Vessds, &:c. be seized, the Commissioners of the Customs may release them, on Proof of their being brought into the Kingdom agreeable to recited Orders in Council, &c.

Suits for Acts done under the recited Orders di (charged.

of the 3 per Cents.; and the per Cents, to the joint Mock of per Cents. Annuities of 8r. 6d. to be added to the Annuities for 99 and 98 Years. Annuities granted by this Act to be paid out of the C011-folidated Fund. Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, &c. guilty of Felony. The Rank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease. No Fee shall be taken for receiving Contributions, or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 20 / General Iliac. Treble I Costs."

CAP. XV.

An Act for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, respecting the Admission of the Effects mentioned in the said Orders into the Ports of this Country, to be warehoused; and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in consequence of such Orders.

[16th March 1795.]

WHEREAS his Majesty, by his Order in Council bearing Date the sixteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was pleased to direct that all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Eftefts whatsoever, coming directly from any of the Ports of the United Provinces to any of the Ports of this Kingdom in the Vessels of any Country, and navigated in any Manner, be permitted, until further Order, to be landed and secured in Warehouses under the joint Locks of his Majesty and of the Proprietors, at the Risk and Expence of the said Proprietors, there to remain in safe Custody for the Benefit of the Proprietors thereof, until due Provisions shall be made by Law to enable such Proprietors to re-export, or otherwise dispose of the same: And whereas his Majesty, by'his further Order in Council, bearing Date the twenty-first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was pleased to direct that all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Eftefts whatsoever, belonging to any of the Subjects or Inhabitants of the United Provinces, or belonging to any Subjects of his Majesty, or to any Subjects of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, coming from any Part of Europe, Asia% Africa,'or America, in Amity with his Majesty, in Vessels belonging to any Subjects or Inhabitants of the United Provinces, or to any Subjects of his Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, and bound to any Port of the United Provinces, may, until further Order, be permitted to be landed in any Port of this Kingdom, and may be secured in Warehouses for the Benefit of the Proprietors thereof, in the same Manner as was directed by the above-mentioned Order of his Majesty in Council, bearing Date the sixteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five: And whereas Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Eftefts, which may be brought into the Ports of this Kingdom, or brought within four Leagues of the Coasts thereof, in Confidence of the said Orders, or either of them, may be subject to Seizure under the Provisions of some Acts or Act of Parliament now in force, and the Ships, Vessels, or Boats, in or on board which such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Eftefts, may be so brought into the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coasts thereof, may also, under like Provisions, be subject to Seizure as forfeited, and the Persons acting therein may be liable to Prosecutions and Actions in respect thereof; but as such Orders were so necessary for the public Good, and for the Safety and Preservation of the Property and Effects of his Majesty's Subjects, and of his Allies, that all such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Eftefts, Ships, Vessels, and Boats, as aforesaid, ought to be exempted from all Forfeitures; and all Persons who have acted, or shall act, in bringing in the same, or who have acted, or shall act, in pursuance of, or according to such Orders, ought to be indemnified Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Eftefts as aforesaid; or any Ships, Vessels, or Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in importing, conveying, or removing the same, shall be seized as forfeited by virtue of any Law relating to the Customs or Excise, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, on Evidence given to their Satisfaction that such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Etfefts were brought, or intended to be brought, into this Kingdom, upon the Faith, or according to the Terms of such Orders respectively, without any Intention of Fraud in the Owner or Owners thereof, such Commissioners shall cause the same to be released from such Seizure, and to be secured for the Benefit of the Owner or Owners thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Orders respectively, and upon such Terms as the said Commissioners shall think fit for the due Execution of the said Orders respectively, and shall direct; and if such Owner or Owners shall comply with such Terms, the Officer or Officers who shall have seized the same shall not proceed for the Condemnation thereof; but if such Owner or Owners shall not comply with such Terms, such Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty to proceed to the Condemnation of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Eftefts; nevertheless such Owner or Owners shall not be entitled to any Damages on Account of such Seizure.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Personal Actions and Suits, and all Indictments, Informations, Prosecutions, and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, Ships, Vessels, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Eftefts, for or by reason of any Act* Matter, or Thing done, or forborne to be done, in execution of or in consequence of the said Orders* or either of them, be, are, and shall be discharged and made void by

C. 16

39

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall bs prosecuted and commenced against any Person or Perform for or determined by reason of any such Act, Matter, or Thing so done, or forborne to be done, he, she, or they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the (pedal Matter, in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaint ffs in any A<Slion or Suit lo to be prosecuted or commenced after the sixteenth Day of January bft, in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and if any such Adliotv or Suit as aforesaid shall be commenced or prosecuted after the said sixteenth Day of January, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland the Court before which such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow him his Double Costs of Suit in all such Cases as aforesaid.

III. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit, Prosecution or other Proceeding, hath been already commenced against any Person or Persons, or against any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Effects, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, which the said Commissioners shall order to be relealld, as aforesaid, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing done, or forborne to be done, in execution of or in consequence of the said Orders, or either of them, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendants or Defenders, in any such Actions or Suits, Prosecutions or Proceedings reflectively, in whatever Courts in Great Britain such Actions or Suits, Prosecutions or Proceedings, shall have been commenced, to apply to such Courts respectively to flay all Proceedings therein respectively, by Motion in a summary Way; and such Courts or Court are hereby required to make Order for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Courts making such Order shall, if they shall think fit, award and allow to the Defendants or Defenders respectively, such Costs of Suit as such Court or Courts shall think proper, for which such Defendants or Defenders shall respectively have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs are by Law given to Defendants or Defenders.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Persons or Person to import or bring into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Effects whatsoever, belonging to any of the Subjects of the United Province^ or to any Persons who, before the nineteenth Day of January last, were Inhabitants of the said United Provinces, or belonging to any Subject of his Majesty, or to any Subject of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, coming from 2 vy Part of the United Provinces; and also any like Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Effects from any Pert of Europe, Asia, Africa, or America, in Amity with his Majesty, in Vessels belonging to any Subject of the United Provinces, or to any Persons who, before the nineteenth Day of January last, were Inhabitants of the said United Provinces, or to any Subject of his Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with his .\Ljwfty, and bound to any Port of the United Provinces; and the same shall and may be landed in the Pre-knee of the proper Officers of the Customs, and secured in Warehouses under the joint Locks of his Majesty and of the Proprietors thereof, at the Ri(k and Expence of the said Proprietors; such Warehouses to approved of by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, or by the principal Officers of the Port where such Goods shall be imported; and the said Commissioners respectively shall and are hereby authorized and required to make such Regulations, and to give such Directions as they may deem necessary Ijr securing the said Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Effects, for the Benefit of the Proprietors thereof,

r.:vJ for the Security of the Revenue, until further Provisions shall be inaJe by Parliament respecting the same.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, \ hat it shall and may be lawful

to ar. J for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to suspend the Operation of this Act, or any Pait thereof, and to renew the same in the Whole or in Part, for such Time, and in such Manner, 15 dull be thought expedient and proper.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to alter or repeal this present Act, and tvery or any Thing therein contained, in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for applying certain Sums of Money, raised in the County of Derby by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom.

[16th March 1795.]

WHEREAS by virtue of divers Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom, several Sums of Money, amounting together to nearly the Sum of eight thousand Pounds, have-‘ been assessed, collected, and raised upon the County of Derby, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, which Sums now remain in the Hands of several Persons unapplied, and it is apprehended the same cannot,

by the Laws in being, be applied to any Purpose whatsoever: And whereas in pursuance of a Recom- mendation from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the Lord Lieutenant of the said County, for raising and embodying Troops for the internal Defence of this Kingdom, a considerable Sum of Money has been subscribed and advanced for that Purpose by several Gentlemen and others of the said County, and Part of the Money so subscribed and advanced was paid into the Hands o( Messieurs Crompton

and Blew ton Bankers in the Town of Derby, and other Part into the Hands of Messieurs Evans and Son If I Bankers

If Plaintiffs in Action* proft-. cured or commenced afttr Jan. 16, 179$, -bejom? nonsuit. See. the Defendants to recover Double ColU.

Defendants in

Actions already commenced, may apply to the Court to flop Plotted-ings, &c.

Goods belonging to Subjects of the United Provinces, coming from thence, £cc. may be landed and waie-housed. Scc.

His Majesty in Council may suspend the Operation of this Act.

Act may be altered repealed this Session,

40

Money rot fed in the County of Derby under the Militia Acts, to be paid to the Treasurers of the Sub-feriptions for raising Men for the Defence of the Kingdom, and in Default of

Tenons so paying Money, and all concerned in railing it, indemnified.

Application of the Money by the Treasurers.

Surplus, if any, to be applied as the Quarter Session shall direct.

[Public Act.]

17 Geo. III. Cap. 2j and

C. 17, 18. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

c Bankers in the said Town, (being the Treasurers appointed by the Subscribers, or a Committee of them, c for receiving such Subscriptions,) and a considerable Number of Forces has accordingly been raised and embodied within the said County: And whereas it would greatly tend to promote the Object of the said Recommendation, if the Money raised by virtue of the said Acts as aforesaid was applied towards de- fraying the Expences of railing and embodying Troops within the said County for the Purpose aforesaid,

in Aid of the Sums raised and to be raised by Subscription for the like Purpose May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Persons to whom any of the Money assessed, collected, or raised as aforesaid, by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, has been paid, their respective Executors or Administrators, shall, and are hereby required, within forty Days next after the passing of this Act, to pay such Money to the said Treasurers, in equal Parts or Proportions, whose Receipt for the same shall be a (Efficient Discharge to the Persons respectively paying in such Money; and in Default of Payment of such Money, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Action at Law to be brought in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Names or Name of the said Treasurers, or either of them, or of Any one or more of the said Subscribers; any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Payment it may be recovered at Law.

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That the respective Persons who shall pay the Money received by them under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, as aforesaid, into the Hands of the said Treasurers, or either of them, in pursuance of this Act, their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels shall, from and immediately after such Payment, and that all Officers and other Persons whomsoever who have or ought to have been concerned, or interfered, in the raffing, collecting, or assessing any such Money as aforesaid, under or by virtue of any such Act or Acts as aforesaid, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and are hereby respectively indemnified, and absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same, and all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions, for or on account thereof, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Money had been fully raised and paid unto, and a Receipt given for the same, by his Majesty's Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County of Derby, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to or in any wile concerning the raising and training the Militia of this Kingdom.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Treasurers shall, and are hereby authorized and required, out of the Money which shall come to their Hands by virtue of this Act, in the first Place, to pay the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and after Payment thereof, all the Remainder of the Money which shall come to the Hands of the said Treasurers by virtue of this Act, shall be applied towards raising, embodying, and training Troops within the said County, for the internal Defence of this Kingdom, in such Adanner as the Persons who are or shall be appointed by any Meeting or Meetings of the said Subscribers, for applying and disposing of the Money raised or to be raised by Subscription as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time direS or appoint.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if, after the Troops which shall have been raised within the said County, pursuant to the said Recommendation, or by virtue of this Act, shall be disbanded or disembodied, and all Expences attending the same shall have been fully discharged, there shall be any Surplus of the Money raised by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, as aforesaid, remaining in the Hands of the said Treasurers, or either of them, such Surplus shall be applied for such public Purpose within the said County, as the Justices of the Peace for the said County shall, at some General Quarter Session, order or direS: Provided nevertheless, that no such Application of the said Surplus as aforesaid shall be directed by the Justices at such Quarter Session, unless Notice thereof be given three Times in some Newspaper published in the said County, at least fourteen Days next preceding such Quarter Session.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially

pleading the same.

# 4, w. 1

CAP. XVII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service ojf the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

[16th March 1795.]

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island; and for better enabling His Majesty to establish such Court in the said Island.

[16th March 1795.]

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19

Commission under the Great Seal, authorize the Person to be appointed Governor, or the Lieutenant Governor in the Absence of the Governor, of the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Islands adjacent thereto, to convene, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require* a Court of Judicature, for the Trial and Punishment of all such Outrages and Misbehaviours, as if committed within this Realm

would be deemed and taken, according to the Laws of this Realm, to be Treason, or Misprision thereof,

Felony, or Misdemeanor, which said Court shall proceed to try such Offenders after the Manner therein mentioned: And whereas from the increased Number of Persons in Norfolk island, being one of the said Islands adjacent to the said Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and from the Delay and Difficulty attend- ing the Conveyance of Prisoners from the said Norfolk island to his Majesty's Settlement on the said Eastern Coast of New South Wales, the due Execution of the said Act hath been greatly retarded and im-

peded: And whereas for Remedy thereof, and to the End that the Benefits of the said Add might be more effectually extended to his Majesty's Settlement on Norfolk island, an Act was made and paired in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to establish a Court of Judicature in Norfolk Island: And whereas the Provisions of the said last mentioned Act are insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to repeal the lame, and to make such Provisions for the said Purposes as are intended to be hereby made be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be* and the same is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty may, by his Commission under the Great Seal, authorize the Lieutenant Governor, or Person for the Time being administering the Government of his Majesty's Settlement in Norfolk Island, to convene, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, a Court of Judicature for the Trial and Punishment of all such Outrages and M (behaviours, as if committed within this Realm would be deemed and taken, according to the Laws of this Realm, to be Treason, or Misprision thereof, Felony, or Misdemeanor; which Court shall consist of the Judge Advocate to be appointed in and for his Majesty's Settlement in Norfolk Island, together with four Officers of his Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, and shall proceed to try all persons who shall offend in any of the Premises, by calling such Offenders respectively before them, by causing the Charge against him, her, or them respectively, to be read over, which Charge shall also be reduced into Writing, and shall be exhibited to the said Court by the Judge Advocate, and by examining Witnesses upon Oath, to be administered by such Court, as well for as against such Offenders respectively, and afterwards adjudging by the Opinion of the major Pait of the Persons composing such Court, that the Party accused is or is not (as the Case shall appear to them) guilty of the Charge, and by pronouncing Judgment therein (as upon a Conviction by Verdict) of Death, if the Offence be Capital, or of such corporal Punishment, not extending to capital Punishment, as to the said Court shall seem meet; and in Cases not Capital, by pronouncing Judgment of such corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb, as to the said Court shall seem meet.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost Marshall or other Officer to be for that Purpose appointed by such Lieutenant Governor, or Person for the Time being administering the Government of his Majesty's Settlement in Norfolk island as aforesaid, shall cause due Execution of such Judgment to be had and made, under and according to the Warrant of such Lieutenant Governor, or Person for the Time being administering the Government of his Majesty's Settlement in Norfolk island as aforesaid, under his Hand and Seal, and not otherwise: Provided always, That Execution shall not be had or done on any capital Convict or Convicts, unless four Persons present in such Court shall concur in adjudging him, her, or them, so accused and tried as aforesaid, to be respectively guilty, until the Proceedings shall have been transmitted to his Majesty, and by him approved.

34 Geo. III. Cap. 45, re-

34 Geo. III. Cap. 45, repealed.

His Majesty may authorize the Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk Island to convene a Court of Judicature for Trial of Offenders:

Who are to be Members of it, and how they are to proceed.

Provost Mairshall to execute the Judgment of the Court.

Unless four Members concur in adjudging capital Offenders, the Proceedings to be transmitted to his Majesty.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court shall be a Court of Record; and shall have all such Powers as, by the Laws of England, are incident and belonging to a Court of Record.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither this Act, nor any Commission or Commissions which shall be granted by virtue thereof, nor any Proceedings which may be had under the same, shall in any Manner revoke, alter, prejudice, or affect any Commission or Commissions heretofore granted by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or of the said Act hereby repealed, or any Proceedings under the same respectively, further or otherwise than in such Commission or Commissions, which shall be so granted by virtue of this present Act, shall be provided, expressid, and declared.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act: of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

[27th March 1795.]

Court to be a Court of Record.

This Act not to affect any Proceedings under the recited ACiit uni.is specified in Commissions granted under it.

: W

35

WHEREAS by an Act, made and

a certain Number of Men

ide and passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of his Majesty's Navy \

Imror'sl C nr nf Inrn n P idinrvr

Justices of the Peace of the several Counties at large, Ridings, or Divisions, in England and Wales,

Geo. III. G 4 arc

31 Geo. in Cap. 5, rcctteli.

42

C. 19.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

arc directed to assemble themselves together at a Court of General Sessions, to be holden for carrying the said Act into Execution: And whereas the Justices of certain Cities, Towns, or Boroughs, named in thre said Act, being respectively Counties of themselves, and also the Justices of the Cinque Ports, and of the Liberty of the Tower, are directed to assemble themselves, together with the Justices of certain Counties at large. Ridings, or Divisions, and to form a Part of the said respective Courts of General Sessions, to be holden as aforesaid:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for such of the Justices of the Peace of the several Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, named in the said Act, being Counties of themselves, and of the said Cinque Ports and Liberty aforesaid, who shall have duly qualified themselves to act, and shall have acted before the passing of the said Act, as such Justices respectively within the proper Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, and no other, to assemble themselves at such Court of General Sessions, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, together with such of the Justices of the County at large. Riding, or Division, who shall also be qualified, and shall have acted in like Manner, and that the Justices foduly qualified and acting as aforesaid, being so assembled at such Court of General Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, shall not have, or be deemed or adjudged to have, any Authority, Power, or Jurisdiction whatsoever, in or over any Matter or Thing whatever (other than in and for the Execution of the Powers expressly given them by the said Act).

Such Justices ol' the Cities,

&c. named in recited Act, being Counties of- themselves, as shall have qualified, and atted before pa fling that Act, may af-. semble at the General Sessions with Justices of the County at large, to put recited Act in Execution.

Justices of the Divisions of Lincolnshire may put Ad in Execution in their Jurisdiction.

Petty Sessions may Older P<.r»fti Officers to continue in Office till they completely execute the Ad.

Justices may appoint Parish Officers in place of such as may die, remove, or become insolvent.

Such as remove to give an Account on Oath to the Justices, and the Executors or Assignees of such as die or become insolvent to obey th* ir Oider.

Parish Officers authorized to pay Bounties

our of Pcor Rates, £rc.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices within the several Divisions of the County of Lincoln, shall have Power to put the said Act in Execution in all Things within their Jurisdiction, as fully and amply as the Justices of any County or Riding are thereby empowered to execute the same.

III. And whereas the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor in or appointed for any Parish, Tithing,

or Place, who shall respectively be in Office at the Commencement of the said Act, are directed to raise the Number of Men appointed to be raised for their respective Districts, and to levy the Money agreed to be paid for Bounties, or imposed as Fines in certain cases: And whereas the Powers of the said Act may not be fully executed before the usual Time in the Year of their going out of Office, and appointing others in their Stead be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the respective Districts or Divisions at their respective Petty Sessions, (whenever they shall see Occasion, by reason of any of the Powers of the said Act remaining unexecuted, in Part or in the Whole, at any Time previous to, or on the Appointment of other Churchwardens or Overseers for the same Place or Places,) by any Order under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them, to order and direct the Churchwardens and Overseers, who shall have been in Office at the Commencement of the said Act, to continue in their Paid respective Offices, for the Purposes of effectually and completely carrying into Execution the Powers and Trusts given or veiled by the said Act; and such Churchwardens or Overseers shall by virtue of the said Order (notwithstanding other Churchwardens or Overseers shall have been or may be appointed for the same Place or Places respectively for general Purposes) continue to have and exercise all the Powers and Jurisdictions incident or belonging to their respective Offices, or given or vested in them by the said Act, or this Act, so far as the same are necessary to carry into Execution the Powers of the said Act, or this Act* and shall continue to do and perform all the like Duties and Offices required to be done or performed by them respectively by the said Act, or this Act, as fully and effectually, and under the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as they respectively could, might, or ought to have, do, or perform the same, or any of them, at any Time after the Commencement of the said Act, and before such Appointment of other Churchwardens or Overseers for the same Place or Places for general Purposes as aforesaid; any Law, Usage or Cullom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Overseer shall die or remove from the Place for which he was appointed, or become Insolvent before the Expiration of his Office or Duty under the said Act, or this Act, on Oath thereof made, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid to appoint another Churchwarden or Overseer in his Stead, for the Purpose of completely carrying the said Act and this Act into Execution, who shall continue in Office accordingly; and in case of Removal, such Churchwarden or Overseer shall give an Account on Oath to the said Justices of all Matters and Things done by him in the Execution of the said Act, and shall comply with such Orders and Directions as he shall receive from the said Justices touching the Execution of the said Act, under the like Penalties as are infiidted on Churchwardens and Overseers in Office for any Neglect of Duty; and in case of the Death or Insolvency of such Churchwarden or Overseer, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall > within forty Days after his Decease or Insolvency, in pursuance of any Order, in Writing, signed by any two such Justices as aforesaid, attend such Justices, and give an Account to the bed of their Knowledge and Belief of all Things done by such Person deceased or insolvent, touching the Execution of the said Act, and shall in like Manner, and under the like Penalties, comply with such Orders as they shall respectively receive from the said Justices in relation to the said Act, or this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens and Overseers who are respectively required or empowered by the said Act, or this Act, to levy any Money by a Rate, or to pay the Amount of any Bounty, or any Part thereof, to the Men inrolled in his Majesty's Service, or to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, for the Purposes of the said Act, shall and may pay the same

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

Limitation of Action*.

out of any Money in their or any of their Hands of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor; and if they, or any of them, shall not have sufficient of such Money for that Purpose, then such Churchwardens and Overseers (bail, and they are hereby required to make a Rate for the Relief of the Poor sufficient to satisfy all probable Claims arising or to arise thereon, by virtue of the said Act, or this Act, in respect of the said Bounties, or in respect of the Poor, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, and so as the Money for such Bounties may be ready to be paid or advanced at the Time of Inrolment; and it shall be lawful for the said Churchwardens or Overseers to levy and collect the same in such Manner as Rates made for the Relief of the Poor may be levied and collected, (except as herein after is otherwise provided,) and that such Rates being published and allowed as Rates for the Relief of the Poor are by Law directed to be published and allowed, the said Churchwardens and Overseers shall and may proceed to collect the same notwithstanding any Appeal from such Rate may be pending; and no such Rate, after any Application thereof, or any Part thereof, for the Payment of such Bounties, shall be totally quashed or set aside for any Cause whatever, but the same shall and may be amended in such Manner as shall be necessary for giving Relief; and if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any T iling done in the levying or cohering the said Rate in pursuance of this Act, the same shall not be brought until fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to such Person or Persons, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hatli been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after six Calendar Months next after the Fat committed, and every such Action shall be brought in one of the Courts of Record at U'cjim’vifler, or of the Great Sessions in Irales, as the Case may require, and shall be laid in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit dial) and may lead the General Issue, and give the said Act, and this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any General Issue, rial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Act, and this Act; and if the same Dull appear so to be done, or if such Ation or Suit shall be brought after tfe Timelierein-before limited for the bringing the same, or without fourteen Days Notice thereof, or in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satis fat ion made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Ation or Actions, or if a Verdit shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have 'Preble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering Treble Costs. the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Coffs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Fines which by the said Act may be levied of -ny Inhabitant or Inhabitants of any Parish or Place by a Rate, shall be levied against such Inhabitant or inhabitant* only who shall be adjudged to be guilty of any Negict or Default, by a Rate made on such Inhabitant or Inhabitants respectively, under the like Powers and Methods, as Rates for the Relief of the Poor are authorized by Law to be made: Provided always, that in case any Person or Persons shall find him, her. Method of or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, whereof arty Part shall appealing* be necessarily applicable, or shall have been applied for the Payment of any Bounty or Bounties in pursuance of the said Act, or this Act, every such Person or Persons shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to make his or their Appeal to the Justices of the District or Division where such Place or Places are fnuate, at the next Petty Sessions of the Peace holden for the lame District or Division, and not to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Corporation, or Franchise; and the Justices of the Peace assembled at such Petty Sessions are hereby authorized and required, on Proof of reasonable Notice to the Churchwardens or Overseers making such Rate, to receive such Appeal, and to hear and finally determine the same: Provided always, that this Act shall not extend to any Appeal to any Rate, where the same, is not applicable or has not been applied in Part or wholly to the Purposes of the said Act, or this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to such luftjees at such Petty Sessions that such Rate cannot be conveniently collected within due Time for Payment of the said Bounty or Bounties, and sufficient Monies shall not be in the Hands of the said Churchwardens or Overseers to satisfy the same, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to make Order therein, sad grant a Certificate thereof, and of the Amount of the Bounty or Bounties, and Sum or Sums wanting to defray the same, directed to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, or to the Collector thereof for the District, or any of the Collectors of Customs or Excise of the Division where f ich Justices shall act, as to such Justices shall (eem most expedient, upon producing of which Certificate to the Officer to

Fines to be levied on the Offenders cnly.

whom the same shall be directed, he shall be obliged to advance the Sum mentioned in such Certificate to be wanting as aforesaid, to be paid to the Person or Persons enrolled, or to the Treasurer of the County, or to either ol them, in such Proportions as shall be directed by such Certificate, out of any Public Monies in his ILnd«, and such Officer so advancing the same, shall be reimbursed by an Order of the Justices at the Petty Sessions for the same-District or Division, with all Charges necessarily incurred, out of the first Monies which shall come into the Hands of the respective Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, of the Rates (or the Relief of the Poor, within and for the respective Pirilhes or Places for which tlK Men, to whom or to whose Use such Monies were respectively advanced, were raiseJ in inufuance of the said Act.

VIII. And whereas there may be Occasion lot quartering the Officers appointed by the Commissioners of t:»e Admiralty in pursuance of the said Act, and their Assistants, before any Men are inrolled, and of opening Houses of Rendezvous for the Purpose of receiving such Men;’ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter and billet the Officers appointed by the Commissioners of the Admiralty to act in the Execution of the said Act, and their respective Assistants, in such Manner, and under such and the like Powers, Rules, Regulations, Rest fictions, and Provisions, as the Men to be inrolled in his VLjesty's Service by virtue of the said Act may be quartered and billetted; and that each and every the House or Houses and Place or Places where such Officers shall be quartered or billetted, or such of them as

Act not to extend to Aprcah against Rates not applicable to the Purposes of this Act.

Where Rates cannot be collected in due Time, Petty Si-/Rons, may grant Certificates of Bounties to the Receiver of the Land Tax, Arc. who shall advance the Money, &c.

Officers appointed by the Admiralty, and their Assistants, may !xr quartered, and Pieces of Rendezvous appointed.

The Duties in Schedule

A. to be paid on Importation, and in Schedule

B. on Exportation of certain Goods, and the Drawbacks in A. allowed.

Duties to be under the Management of the Customs.

Duties and Drawbacks to be levied and allowed agreeably to 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13, &c.

C. 20. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

shall be thought necessary, it shall be lawful for the several and respective Justices of the Peace, having Authority to act in the Execution of the said Act, or any two or more of them, by their Order in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, to appoint and constitute a Place or Places of Rendezvous for the Reception of Men inrolled by virtue of the said Act.

CAP. XX.

An Act for granting certain Duties of Customs on the Importation of Fruit, Sallad Oil, Waste Sill;, and Timber, and on the Exportation of British Rock Salt, and Coal.

[27th March 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising by the roost easy Means the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's

* Public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several t Duties of Customs herein after mentioned;’ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with tha Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation into the Kingdom of Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, of the several and respective Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,^ enumerated and described in the Schedule and Table hereunto annexed, marked A. and also upon the Exportation from the Kingdom of Great Britain, of the several and respective Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, enumerated and described in the Schedule and Table hereunto annexed, marked B. the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted and set forth in Figures, in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed respectively, marked A.B. and so in that Proportion for any greater or lester Quantity; all which* Duties shall be, over and above all other Duties which are now due and payable by any Law on any of the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively (other than the Duties on Waste Silk, and on Masts of twelve Inches or upwards Diameter, herein after repealed); and that there shall be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs so imposed by this Act, as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in Figures, in the said Schedule and Table marked A. and in the like Proportion as aforesaid. ? .; VW

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Sums of Money so respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule and Tables marked A. and B. as the Duties of Customs, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs, upon, for, or in respect of the several Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, inserted therein, shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed in such and the like Manner, and in or by.

any or either of the Means, Ways, or Methods by which the Duties of Customs and the Drawbacks thereof imposed and allowed on the like Goods, by an Act, pasted in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign, of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Ex rife, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed; and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with Duties of Customs, or so entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Customs as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A. and B. upon Importation thereof into or Exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other Account whatever, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were subject and liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture for any Offence whatever committed against, or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs, hereby respectively charged and allowed, (as far as the same are applicable thereto,) in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 20#

45

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the additional Duty by this Act imposed on Coals exported, the several Quantities of Coals allowed to be exported annually from the Ports of Newcastle and Swansea respectively, to the I (lands of, Jerffy, Guernsey, and Alderney, by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (amongst other Things,) for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the Payment of the Duty granted by an Act, made in the then last Session of Parliament, to the islands of Jery, Guernsey, and Alderney, so as the same be exported under the Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, and Limitations in the said Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Customs imposed by the said recited Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, upon the Importation, into the Kingdom of Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, of Malls twelve Inches or upwards in Diameter, and also the ad valorem Duties payable on Wade Silk, not therein enumerated or described, and the Drawbacks allowed thereon, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except, in ail Cases relating to the recovering* allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act.

Coals allowed to be exported from Newcastle and Swansea, to Jersey, &c. by 6 Geo. III, Cap. 40, not liable to additional Duty.

Duties imposed by 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13, on Importation of Marts of a certain Diameter, and the ad valorem Duties on Warte Silk, not enumerated, and Drawback allowed, to cease*.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise from the said Duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts to be parted in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated. Fund.

liic wince or iric AuUuor or rnc kiiq ixcccipc^ during tns 131Q icrioci 01 ten tuis nuuK or DuoKb^ in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan of this Sertion, and for jo Years to be kept separate; from other Monies.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE A.

Goods imported into this Kingdom.

Rairtns of the Sun, the Hundred Weight Smyrna Rairtns, the Hundred Weight Lexia Rairtns, the Hundred Weight Faro Rairtns, the Hundred Weight Lipra or Behidere Rairtns, the Hundred Weight

Deni a Rairtns, and all other Rairtns not otherwise enumerated, the Hundred Weight Lemons, the Thousand — - __

Granges,

Sallad Oi

the Thousand

il, the Gallon ML—_

Silk Knubs, or Husks of Silk, the Pound containing sixteen Ounces

W afte Silk, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Pound containing rtxteen,) Ounces — c

Waste Silk, not otherwise enumerated or described, imported by the East India \n\omPany> Pound containing rtxteen Ounces

Mahogany* the Foot square* Superficial Measure

Duty - Drawback.

£. s. d. - £. s. d.

0 1 4 0 1 4

0 0 7 0 0 7

0 1 4 0 1 4

0 1 4 0 1 4

0 1 1 0 1 1

0 1 3 0 1 3

0 2 3 0 2 3

0 2 3 0 2 3

0 0 11 0 0 xr

0 1 2 0 1 2

0 1 6 0 1 4

0 1 6 0 1 4

0 0 0 0 1 1

46

C. 20. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

table A continued.

A.D. 1795.

Goods imported into this Kingdom.

Balks, imported from any Part of Europe, five Inches square and under eight") Inches square, or if twenty-four Feet in Length or upwards, the one hundred V and twenty -

Balks, imported from any Part of Europe, under five Inches square, and under,) twenty-four Feet in Length, the one hundred and twenty - J

Battens, imported from any Part of Europe, eight Feet in Length and not ex- 1 ceeding twenty Feet in Length, not above seven Inches in Width, and not ex- > ceeding two Inches three Quarters in Thickness, the one hundred and twenty,) Battens imported from any Part of Europe, exceeding twenty Koet in Length, J not above seven Inches in Width, or if exceeding two Inches three Quarters in > Thickness, the one hundred and twenty - — 1

Batten Ends, imported from any Part ot Europe, under eight Feet in Length, not above seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding two inches three Quarters in Thickness, the one hundred and twenty -

Batten Ends, imported from any Part of Europe, under eight Feet in Length,) not above seven Inches in Width, and exceeding two Inches three Quarters in > Thickness, the one hundred and twenty - 1

Beech Quarters, imported from any Part of Europe, five Inches square and under,) eight Inches square, or if twenty-four Feet in Length or upwards, the one hundred and twenty -- — )

Beech Quarters, imported from any Part of Europe, under five Inches square and, ) under twenty-four Feet in Length, the one hundred and twenty — j Deals, imported from any Part ot Europe, above seven Inches in Width, exceeding twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding four Inches in Thickness, the S one hundred and twenty - — 3

Deals, imported from any Part of Europe, above seven Inches in Width, exceeding twenty Feet in Length, and exceeding four Inches in Thickness, the one hundred and twenty ——

Deals, imported from any Part of Europe, above seven Inches in Width, being \ eight Feet in Length and not above twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding / three Inches one Quarter in Thickness, (except Deals not above ten Feet in s Length and not exceeding one Inch and a Half in Thickness,) the one hundred I and twenty - J

Deals, imported from any Part of Europe, above seven Inches in Width, being,) eight Feet in Length and not above twenty Feet in Length, and exceeding > three Inches one Quarter in Thickness, the one hundred and twenty — )

Deal Ends, imported from any Part of Europe, above seven Inches in Width,) being under eight Feet in Length, and not exceeding three Inches one Quarter I in Thickness, the one hundred and twenty — — \

Deal Ends, imported from any Part of Europe, above seven Inches in Width,") being under eight Feet in Length, and exceeding three Inches one Quarter in > Thickness, the one hundred and twenty * — V — 3

Fir Quarters, imported from any Part of Europe, five Inches square and under eight Inches square, or if twenty-four Feet in Length or upwards, the one hundred and twenty - 4 ( - 3

Fir Quarters, imported from any Part of Europe, under five Inches square, and, ) under twenty-four Feet in Length, the one hundred and twenty —

Fir Timber, and Timber of all Sorts, being eight Inches square or upwards, 1 imported from any Part of Europe, (except Oak Timber, and Timber of Ire- j land, and Fir Timber, not exceeding ten Inches square, of the Growth of I Norway, and imported directly from thence,) the Load containing fifty Cubic I

Feet - - J

Masts, twelve Inches in Diameter or upwards, imported in a Bririfn built Ship,) the Load containing fifty Cubic Feet - \

- imported in a Foreign Ship, the Load containing fifty Cubic Feet — Users, imported from any Part of Europe, five Inches square and under eight Inches square, or if twenty-four Feet in Length or upwards, the one hundred ( and twenty - - 3

Users, imported from any Part of Europe, under five Inches square, and under twenty-four Ffet in Length, the one hundred and twenty -j

1 6 6

1 6 6

1

4 5

o. 8 10

6 6

2 13

8 10

6 6

Drawback.

S. d.

I 6 6

o 10 8 o 10 8

0 *3 3 \ o 13 3

3 4

0100

0 10 6

1 6 6

6 6

0108

1

4 5

8 10

661 6 6

o 10 8 o 10 8

2 19 6 2 19 6

5 19 o 5 19

6 6

2 13

8 10

o 17 8 o 17 8

6 6

o 10 8 o 10 8

3 4

9 S

9

1

8

6 6

0108

TABLE

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 21 - 26,

47

TABLE B.

Goods exported from this Kingdom.

Duty.

British Rock Salt, the Bushel containing sixty-five Pounds —

Coals usually sold by Measure, exported to any Place, (except to Ireland, the Isle of Man, 1 any Brj/ish Colony or Plantation in America, or to the United States of America,) the

Chalder, Newcastle Measure - — "" J

Coals usually sold by Weight, exported to any Place, (except to Ireland, the Isle of Man, 1 any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to the United States of America,) the > Ton containing twenty hundred Weight - — )

£ * d.

001

+ 7

1 10

CAP. XXI.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

[2,000,000l.]

[27th March 1795.]

CAP. XXII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

[1,500,000l.] [27th March 1795.]

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be illiied and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[27th March 1795.]

CAP. XXIV.

An Act further to continue an Act made in the thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

[28th April 1795.]

33 Geo. III. Cap. 4, recited, and continued to Jan. 1, 1796, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament."

CAP. XXV.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made, in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent.

[28th April 1795.]

33 Geo. III. Cap. 76, recited, and continued till June 10, 1796, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament."

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

[28th April 1795.]

WHEREAS n Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States c of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States; 4 which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty third Year of his present Majesty, u for giving his Majesty certain Powers fir the better carrying on Trade and Commerce li between the Subjects of his Majesty 1 Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America," to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to

23 Geo. Hi,

Cap. 39.

24 Geo. III. Cap. 45.

48

C. 27.

tricesimo

certain Articles therein mentioned; the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British) Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the same might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said last mentioned Act has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and also that the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign should be further continued :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and T erritories belonging to the United States of America; and that the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and no longer.

*3 Geo. III.

Cap. 39, so far as relates to the Commerce between this Kingdom and the United States of America, and 24 Geo. III. Cap. 45, to continue in force till April 5, 1796

Articles from

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of any Place bor- ^at>y place bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported Baltic °which ^rom hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law-now in force, or which may be export- shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities what-cd from this ever shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of Kingdom, if this Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by

exported^con- virtue of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted

and Voodslm- to *mPorte^ > or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the T erritories of the said United ported from the States of America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or United States shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty

of America, in Council, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commo-

and not per- ,-dities shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and

mitted by LflWj

m»i also Goods Apparel belonging thereto.

imported from these States contrary to Law, to be forfeited*

How Forfeitures are to Be recovered and applied.

Act to continue in force till April 5, 1796; but may be repealed this

Srflion.

34 Geo. III. Cap. 81, recited.

Certain Clauses of recited Act repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof disposed ofi paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and no longer.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending so much of an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom f as relates to the Militia of the City of London, and for the better ordering the same.

[28th April 1795.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending so 1 much of an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom/ as relates to the Militia of the City of London, and for the better ordering the same: And whereas several of the Provisions and Regulations in the said Act have been found defective; and it is expedient that the said several Provisions and Regulations should be repealed, and further Powers granted for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Clause in the said recited Act which directs That the Private Men to be raised by virtue thereof should be chosen by Ballot j" and also, the seven next following Clauses, containing Provisions and Regulations relating thereto; and also, the Clause which enacts That if the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council, of any Ward, should provide any

49

D

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27

Volunteer or Volunteers who should be inrolled, and should give to such Volunteer or Volunteers not <4 exceeding eight Pounds each Man* to serve for such Ward, such Alderman or Deputy* and the major Part of the Common Council, might make a Rate upon the Persons liable to serve or find Substitutes for the said Ward, to reimburse themselves such Sums of Money as they should have paid to such Volunteers and also the Clause which ena&s, "That the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers of the said " Militia should receive the same Pay as those of the other Militia Forces of this Kingdom, and that the cc Private Men might be put under Stoppages and also, the Clause which ena&s, "t the Non* commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men of the said Militia, should have an Allowance in lieu of Quarters;*' and also the Clause which ena&s, "That every Militia Man, Substitute, or Volunteer inrolled, and every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, and Fifer raised by virtue of the said A£,

and Thing contained in an Act of the twenty-sixth An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of

Part of Great Britain called England, as far as re-Offences therein enumerated, and extends to the said Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers the

lates to the Penalties and Punishments of Militia Men, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for the

Bounty and Privileges therein set forthand also the Clause whteh ena&s, 44 That the said Militia, *4 having been in actual Service and disembodied, should be subjc£l to the same Orders, Directions, and Engagements only, as they were before such actual Service and also, the Clause which provides for defraying the necessary Charges of Pay, Cloathing, Trophies, and other incidental Expences of the said Militia; and also, the Clause which extends the Provisions of the several Acts made in the thirty-third and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, to the Families of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of the said Militia; and also, the Clause which enacts, 44 That when the said Militia should not be embodied, his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London, when requisite and necessary, might order the Serjeants and Corporals of the said two Regiments to have Possession of their Cloaths, Arms, and Accoutrements, and with Officers to be kept in constant Readiness to be put under the Orders of the Mayor or other Magistrates of the said City, for the Suppression of Riots, or any other requisite Duty ;* and also, the Clause which directs the Modes of Recovery, and the Application of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by the said Act imposed, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed. '

II. And be it further enacted, That the Private Men of the two Regiments of Militia, to be raised determined by virtue of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and of this Act, and which shall be distinguished by the Names of the East and West Regiments, shall be provided by the several Wards of the City, and the Liberties and Precincts within the same, in the Proportions following; that is to say,

For the East Regiment, by the Wards of ‘*

Aldgate, sixty Men r

Bijjijhaw, twelve Men; lf 1

Billingsgate, forty-one Men;

tygate Within, forty-four Men;

ate Without, fifty Men;

Bridge, twenty-six Men; V:

Broad Street, fifty Men;

Candlewick, twenty Men; N

Coleman Street, thirty-six Men;

Cornhill, thirty-six Men: -

Dowgate, twenty-seven Men; ,

Langbourn, sixty-seven Men;

Lime Street, twenty Men;

Portsoken, forty-five Men; and

Tower, fix ty-six Men.;. 'tiku

And for the Weft Regiment, by the Wards of

Aldersgate Within, and Saint Martins le Grand, eighteen Men;

Aldersgate Without, twenty-one Men;

Bread Street, twenty-four Men}

Cripplegate Within, forty-four Men;, j

Cripplegate Without, thirty-six Men;

Farringden Within, eighty-four Men; ,

Farringden Without, one hundred and ninety-two Men;

Sueenhith, twenty-one Men; rmtry, twenty-three Men; and

Walbrook, twenty-seven Men. i f,

III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy that now are or hereafter shall be conflicted and appointed for the City of London, at their Annual Court in January, shall, tnd are hereby required to iliue Precepts to the said Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Council Men of 5* Geo. III. H " the

Men to be provided in the

Proportion*

following,.

C&Timlffiofcei* of Lieutenancy to issue Precept* W thf Alder.

5°

men, &c. to cause the respective Num-l>cr of Men to be raised, to whom they may give 10l. Bounty.

Commissioners to appoint a Court to receive Returns of Men provided.

Aldermen, tec. to direct the Constables to give Notice to the Persons provided to appear at the Court, tec.

Oath to be taken by Persons approved;

who shall be inrolled to serve live Years.

Commissioners may itTue Precepts ;o the Aldermen, &c-to fill up De-

ficfboccs* ‘

Wards not raising their t^unta, or not filling up Vacancies, to pay 101. per Man.

Surplus Money to be Part of the Regimental Stock Purse.

Aldermen, tec. to m ike a Rate to defray the Expenses of railing Men.

Persons a*-grieved iTuif

appeal to the Court of Mayor,' tec.

C. 27. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

the said Wards of the faitl City and Liberties thereof, requiring them to cause the Number of Men, hereinbefore appointed to be raised in their respective Wards, to be provided; and the Aldermen, or Deputy, and Common Council Men, of the several Wards* aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall provide the Number of Men directed to be raised in their respective Wards, who shall be fit and able Men* and be approved by the Adjutant or other Officer appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, and who shall have not more than one Child born in Wedlock, and who shall reside in the said City or within three Miles thereof; and the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men of the several Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall, and are hereby authorized and empowered, to give unto such Men so to be provided, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds to each Man, to serve In the Militia for each Ward; and the said Commissioners shall appoint a Court or Courts to be holden, not less than twenty Days, or more than forty Days, after issuing such Precepts, to receive a Return of such Persons as shall be so provided; and the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men of the several Wards aforesaid, or the tnajor Part of them, shall direct the Constables, Beadles, or other Ward Officers, to give Notice in Writing to every Person so provided to appear at the said Court, which Notice shall be given at his or their usual Place of Abode, at least six Days before such Court; and such Constable, Beadle, or other Officer, shall attend the said Court, and make Return on Oath of the Days when such Notices were served; and every Person so provided shall upon such Notice appear at such Court, and if approved as aforesaid, there take an Oath in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

4 A.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty 1 King George; and I do swear that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia of London, within tive Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Term of five r‘ Years, for which I am inrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.’

And every such Person shall be inrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the Militia of the City of London as a Private Man for the Space of five Years; and it shall be lawful for any one of the said Commissioners to administer the said Oath.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Men provided by or for the several Wards in the said City and Liberties shall not appear, or shall not be approved by the Adjutant, or other Officer appointed by the said Commissioners to examine them, or if through Neglect, Mistake, or any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed to be raised in any of the said Wards shall not be duly inrolled at the Court or Courts appointed for that Purpose, or if any Militia Man shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in the said Militia, or be discharged in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, or be otherwise regularly discharged, then and in either of the said Cases the said Commissioners may, and are hereby required, immediately to ifltie Precepts to the said Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Council Men, of the said Wards wherein such Deficiency or Vacancy shall happen, requiring them, or the major Part of them, within ten Days next following, to make good such Deficiency or Vacancy, or to provide other Men, and so as often as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and of this Act, into Execution; and that if the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men, of any of the Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall omit or refuse to provide the Quota or Number of Men herein appointed to be raised by or for their laid respective Wards, or, having provided the said Quota or Number of Men, any of them shall not be approved, or shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the Oath* and be enrolled as he re in-be fore mentioned, or shall die, or be promoted or discharged, and others shall not be provided in their Stead as aforesaid, the said Ward shall in lieu thereof be charged with, and become liable to pay the Sum of ten Pounds for every Man not so provided, sworn in, and inrolled, which Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied by the said Commissioners in providing Men for the Wards which shall have paid such Sum or Sums of Money, who shall be sworn in and inrolled to serve for the same Time, and on the same Conditions, as if they had been provided by the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men of such Wards respectively as. herein-before is directed; and if any Surplus of such Monies shall remain, the same shall be paid to the Colonel, or such Officer as he shall appoint, of the Regiment for which such Person shall serve, and be applied as Part of the Regimental Stock Purse.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men, of the several Wards of the said City and Liberties, or the major Part of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make an equal Rate upon all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners or Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, polless, or enjoy, any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Vault, Cellar, or other Tenement or Hereditament, within their said several and respective Wards, and the Liberties and Precincts within the same, (Regard being had, in making the said Rate, to the Abilities of, and likewise to the Relit paid by, the said several Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners and Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings,) to defray the Expences of raising their Quota or Number of Men to serve in the said Militia herein-before directed to be provided by or for the several and respective Wards aforesaid, and all other incidental Charges relating thereto.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for them respectively to appeal to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, whole Decision shall be final and con-dull ve; Provided always, that Notice of such Appeal shall be left in Writing at the Office of the Town

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27. 51

Clerk of the said City, within ten Days after the Sum so rated and assessed shall be demanded, and such Appeal shall be made to the next Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City after such Notice shall be so left as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, or the Owners or Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, who shall be rated and assessed by virtue or in purfance of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, or of this Act, shall refuse or neglect, by the Space of fourteen Days next after his, her, or their respective Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be due and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorized and appointed to collect and receive the same, (such Demand being left in Writing at the Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Vault, Cellar, or other Tenement, Hereditament, Premises, or other Property, possessed, rated, or occupied by him, her, or them,) to pay such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so demanded as aforesaid, and no Notice of Appeal shall be left as aforesaid, or such Notice being so left, if such Appeal shall not be made to the next Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City after such Notice shall be so left as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collecte>r or Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor or any other Magistrate of the said City, (which Warrant or Warrants the said Collector and Collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the Mayor, or any other Magistrate of the said City, are hereby authorised and required to grant,) and, with the Assist-alice of a Constable, or any Peace Officer of the Ward, County, City, or Liberty, where the Person or Persons, Party or Parties, so refusing or neglecting shall reside, there to seize and distrain any of the Goods und Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay, and if the same shall not be replevied, or such Rate or Assessment paid, within five Days next after such Distress made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof, then to appraise and (ell so much and such Part of the said Goods and Chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, the said Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Mayor, or other Magistrate of the said City, who shall have granted such Warrant or Warrants respectively: Provided also, That no such Distress shall, by virtue of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, or of this Adf, be made out of the Limits of the said City, and Liberties thereof, unless such Warrant or Warrants respectively shall be first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty, where such Distress is proposed to be made, which \Varrant or Warrants any Magistrate who shall be applied to for that Purpose shall forthwith back or

Rates may be levy-rf by Dif-

tress.

in this

countersign without Fee or Reward.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Collector or Collectors shall refuse or negledi to apply for such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, or to make such Difirefs and Sale, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, except in Cases where such Distress shall be dispensed with by the Alderman, or his Deputy, and the Common Council Men, of each respective Ward, or the major Part of them, by Writing under their Hands, in respect of the Poverty of the Party or Parties afiefled, such Collector or Collectors shall, for every such Refusal or Neglectt, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and if any Justice of the Peace, upon such Application to him made to back or countersign such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, such Justice shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and if any Constable be called upon by any Collector or Collectors, having such Warrant or Warrants, shall refuse or neglect to aid and assist him or them in making such Distress and Sale, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Inhabitant Householder of any Ward shall offer himself, and voluntarily serve in his own Right as a Private in the said Militia, (being approved of, (worn in, and enrolled as aforesaid,) for the T erm of five Years, he shall be exempt from paying the said Rate for

X. And be it further enacted, That the Alderman, or his Deputy, and the Common Council Men, for the Time being, in each Ward within the said City or Liberties, or the major Part of them, shall be the Assessor in their respective Wards to charge all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Myftenes, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners or Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, liable to be rated in their respective Wards as herein-before directed, and shall likewise be the Assessors of the Trophy Tax herein after directed to be continued to be raised and paid, and shall appoint proper Persons to collect the said Rates and Tax, and pay or allow unto hich Collectors any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three Pence in the Pound upon the Money so collected.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if the Alderman, or Deputy, and the Common Council Men of any Ward, or the major Part of them, shall refuse or neglect to provide the Men to be raised by such Wartl as herein-before directed, according to the Precepts issued to them for that Purpose, or shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum of ten Pounds for every Man not so provided as aforesaid; and it the said Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men of any Ward, or the major Part of them, shall neglect or rctufe to levy and raise the said Rate, or to afiefs the Proportion of the Trophy Fax of such Ward, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby further authorized to afiefs, levy, and raise the said Rate, and also the Proportion of the Trophy Tax of such Ward, the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men of which shall make such Default, in like Manner as the said Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men are hereby empowered to raise and levy the same $ and the said Commissioners shall apply the said Rates,

NoDiftrd* to be

made out of the Limits of the City, Uriels tUe Warrant be backed by a Magistrate of the Place.

Penalty on Collators nor making Distress, JuC-ticesnoc backing; Warrants, and Constabics neglecting to aid in

making Distrcfc.

Householder* Serving in their own Right exempted from the Rate.

Aldermen, to be the A (Terrors, and to appoint Collectors, &c.

If Aldermen, &c. neglect t® provide Men, or pay for tin in, levy Rates, &c.

tile Commission-en»nwy levy and apply them.

52

' Pny of the Militia.

Men may be put under Stoppages.

Non-commissioned Officers, Jcc. to have an Allowance in lieu of Quarters.

ft

Commissioners to take Security from Treasurers and Clerks.

Militia Men, &c. subject to 36 Geo. III. as far as relates to Penalties for not attending Annual Exercise, &c. and entitled so the Bounty granted thereby when on Service beyond the Limits of the City; and being married may set up in any Place.

Militia when disembodied, liable only to the Orders they were before drawn out.

How the Pay,

&c. of the Militia is to be defrayed.

The Commissioners, when the Militia i$ not embodied, may order the Non-commissioned Officers, tec. with Officers, to be put under the Orders of the Magistrates of the City, &c.

33 Geo III. Cap. 8}

C. 27.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

when received and recovered, in providing the Quota of Men, or so many of them as shall be wanting for the Ward so neglecting or refusing.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers of the said Militia shall receive the same Pay as those of the other Militia Forces of this Kingdom, and when assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, the Private Men shall receive one Shilling per Day each Man, during which Time itlhall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company to put the Militia Men of his Company under Stoppages, not exceeding six Pence per Day, for the Purpose of providing them with Linen, and also with Stockings and other Necessaries, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such Militia Man’s Negledi: Provided always, that every such Captain or Commanding Officer shall account with each Militia Man for such Stoppage, and after having deduced what shall have been laid out and paid for the Purposes aforesaid, shall pay the Sum remaining (if there shall be any) into the Hands of the Militia Man to whom the same

quartering

Drummer;, w, M__________

ercife, or otherwise be in actual Service within the City of London, be allowed, in lieu of Quarters, at the / Rate of one Shilling and nine Pence per Week each Man, to provide Lodging, in Addition to their Pay.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, fl*nd they are hereby required to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, to be appointed by virtue of the said Act, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as shall be satisfactory to the said Commissioners.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Militia Man, being sworn in and inrolled, and every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, and Fifer, raised by virtue of this Act, shall be Subject to every Clause, Provision, Matter, and Thing, contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament^ the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, as far as relates to the Penalties and Punishments of Militia Men, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for not attending the Annual Exercise, for deserting during it, for not appearing when ordered to be embodied, for enlisting into the Army or offering so to enlist, or enlisting into any other Militia, or for felling or pawning their Arms, Accoutrements, or Cloaths, or neglecting or refusing to return them in good Order, and shall be proceeded against in Manner directed by the said Act; and the said Militia Men shall be entitled to the same Bounty, when ordered out into actual Service beyond the Limits of the said City, or Liberties thereof, as is granted by the said Act; and every Person having served in the said Militia, when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place in Great Britain, as directed by the said Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia, or Part thereof, having been so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the Officers and Private Men thereof dismissed to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men, shall be subject to the same Orders, Directions, and Engagements only as they are made subject to under the Provisions of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and of this Act, before they were so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, for defraying the necessary Charges of Pay, Cloathing, Trophies, and other incidental Expences of the said Militia, it mail be lawful for the said Commissioners to continue to raise and levy in every Year, in Manner herein-before directed, the Proportion of one Month’s Taxr amounting to four thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four-pence, which the said City hath been used to pay by virtue of the said Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of the Kingdom and shall be accountable for the same; and in Addition thereto, the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the said City shall, and he is hereby required to issue and pay annually, to the Treasurer appointed by the said Commissioners, so much Money as shall be necessary, in Aid of the Trophy Tax, towards the said Expence of training, exercising, paying, and keeping in Readiness, and other incidental Expences of the said Militia; and the Receipt of the said Treasurer so appointed shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Receiver General for the Money so to be issued and paid by him.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia shall not be embodied, according to the Provisions of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, when and so often as it shall seem to them requisite and necessary, to order the Serjeants, Corporals, and Privates of the said two Regiments, or so many as to them may (eem fit, to be put in Possession of their Cloaths, Arms, and Accoutrements, and with their proper Officers, or such Officers as they shall appoint, to be kept in constant Readiness to be put under the Orders of the Mayor or other Magistrates of the said City, who shall have Power and Authority to call out the Whole of the said Serjeants, Corporals, and Privates, or any Part of them, for the Suppression of Riots, or any other requisite Duty for which they may be wanted, the said Officers and Men, when so called out, to be subject to the same Penalties as are herein-before directed when the said Militia shall be actually embodied; and the said Commissioners may order the said Serjeants, Corporals, and Privates, to be inspected and exercised so often as they shall think proper and necessary.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Clause, Provision, Matter, and Thing, contained in an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,^ Act to provide

A.D. 1795.

tricesimo quinto

C. 27. 53

for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes f ruing the rein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign% intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing' into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia of that Part c/'Great Britain called England and also in an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chcfen by Lot to serve in the ATilitia of this Kingdom, 1 and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and a?nend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the u Laws relating to the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England and also an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia, shall be deemed to extend to the Families of the said Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men, of the said Militia.

XX. And, in order that the Families of Persons serving in the said Militia may have the Relief directed in and by the said Acts of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, be it further enacted, That the Aldermen, or Deputy, and Common Council Aden, of each of the said Wards, or the major Part of them, shall divide the Quota of Men to be raised in each Ward amongst the Parishes within such Ward, and specify for which Parish each Man serves, in order that the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish may be resorted to for defraying the Expences of providing for the Families of such Persons serving in the Militia as may become entitled to Relief, in Manner as by the said Adlsare directed; and every Person serving in the said Militia shall be considered, with respe£I to such Relief, as a Substitute serving in the Militia of any of the Counties of this Kingdom; and in case the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men of either of the said Wards, or the major Part of them, shall omit or neglect to divide the Quota of Men among the Parishes in such respective Wards, the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby authorised and empowered, to make such Division for such Ward or Wards, and to order the Parish for which such Persons shall be allotted to serve to be entered upon the Roll herein-before directed to be provided, as well as the Name of every Person to be inrolled as hereinbefore is mentioned.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer for the Time being to be appointed by the said Commissioners shall defray the Monies directed to be paid by the Order of any Justice of the Peace, for the Relief of the Families of the said Militia Men, instead of the Chamberlain of the said City; and that the said Treasurer shall have the same Remedy over against the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor for the Parish for which the Militia Man whose Family is relieved shall be allotted, for Re-payment of the Money, as the Chamberlain of the said City would have under or by virtue of the said Acts of Parliament, or either of them; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutants appointed, or to be appointed, to the said Militia, who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Services? shall be entitled to the same Provision as is allowed to other Adjutants of Militia by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, keginning with the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for making Provision for Adjutants who have served a certain Time in the Militia \ and that any Person being a Serjeant on the Establishment of Chelfiea, at an Allowance of twelve Pence a Day, and being appointed to serve in the said Militia, shall and may receive the said Allowance of twelve Pence a Day, together with his Pay from the said Militia, in like Manner as in other Militia Forces; and any Person who (hat! have served as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in the said Militia, who shall be discharged for Age or Infirmity, shall, on a Recommendation from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which he belongs, and the said Commissioners, be equally entitled to the Benefit of Chelfiea Hospital with the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, of the other Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace morefqfc in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables and others aft in g in Obedience to their IFar rants* shall extend to the said Mayor and Aldermen, and also to his Majesty's said Cornmif-(ioners, and the Assessors acting in the Execution of this Act, or any other which relates to the said Militia, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually, as the same extend to Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution

of their Office. j

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, immediately after the passing of this Act, to hold such General Courts, and to issue such Precepts, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, in like Manner as is herein-before directed to be done at the Annual General Courts.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall notdiminish or be prejudicial to the Rights, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions, to which the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or the Freemen, Citizens, or Inhabitants of the said City, or of the Suburbs and Liberties of the same, or of all privileged Places within the Limits and Precincts thereof, as well within the Liberties as without, are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament, Charter, or Usage; but the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and the Freemen, Citizens, and Inhabitants of the said City, shall and may continue to enjoy all and Angular the said Rights, Liberties, Usages, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner as if

this Act had not been made*.

34 Geo. III. Cap. 47 j and

34 Geo. III. Cap. 16, to extend to the Families of City Militia.

The Aldermen, &c. to divide the Quota of Men amongst the Parishes, and specify for which each serves, that the Parish Officers may be resorted to for defraying the Expences of their Families. See.

Treasurer to pay Monies for Relief of Families of Militia Men, &c.

Adjutants to have the same Allowance as those of the other Militia 5

and Serjeants, &c. entitled to the Funcfit of Chelsea Flofpi-fal.

24 Geo. IT. Cap. 44 > to extend to tiic Mayor, Aldermen, Sc c.

Commissioners,

after passing this Act, may hold General Courts,

Sc c.

Act not to prejudice the Rights of the City.

XXVI.

4

54*

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Plflrcfa not unlawful for Want of Fonn, &c.

No Rate or Proceeding to be quashed for Want of Form, or removeable

by Certiorari, &c.

Limitation of Actions, &c.

[General Issue.]

[Public Act.]

Treble Cells.

t. k '

C. 2> Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by the said Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, and by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be recoverable by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at JVfJhninJier, wherein no Privilege, Protection, YVagerof Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by the said Act and this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before the Mayor or any other Magistrate of the said City, or any Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor, Magistrate, or other Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deduding the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Perfart whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; and for Want of sufficient Distress, the said Mayor, Magistrate, or other Justice, is hereby required in all cases, when no particular Time of Commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such Offender to Prison where the Offence shall have been committed for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by the said Act or this Act, shall be paid to the Regimental Clerk of that Regiment where such Offences shall have been committed, and shall be made Part

of the Public Stock of that Regiment.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, or of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on Account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser^ initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Perfor. or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage by an Action on the Case.

1 XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Rate or Assessment, nor any Order to be made, or Proceeding to be had, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, or of this Act, by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or by his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the Time being, shall not be vacated or quashed for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at /Vjiminster^ any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or cauie to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where any such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgments, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if on Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same. ,r; L

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28

55

: W

S the enabling Petty Officers, and Seamen, or Landmen, Non-commissioned Officers of, and Marines, employed in the Royal Navy, to allot a certain Part of their Wages or

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families.

[28th April 1795.]

WHEREAS

Marines

Pay for the Support and Maintenance of their Wives and Children, or Mothers, and establishing a regu-

hr Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment thereof, is of much Consequence to the Public

Service;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefem Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, it shall and may be lawful for every Petty Officer, and Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, and Marine, serving, or entering to serve on board of any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to allot a certain Part of his Monthly Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of his Wife and Child, or Children, or Mother; videlicet, That every Petty Officer and Non-comruiffioneef Officer of Marines may allot, for the Purpose aforesaid, one Half of his Wages or Pay; and every Able-bodied Seaman may aHot, for the Purpose aforesaid, the Sum of five Pence per Day; and every Ordinary Seaman or Landman, serving, or entering to serve in his Majesty's Navy, may allot, for the Purpose aforesaid, the Sum of four Pence per Day; and that every Marine may allot, for the Purpose aforesaid, the Sum of three Pence per Day, while he shall actually serve on board any of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or be borne for Wages upon the Books of any such Ships; which said several Sums shall be paid every twenty-eight Days to the Wives or Mothers, or for the Use of the Children of such Petty Officers, Seamen, and Landmen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines respectively, under the several Rules and Regulations, and in the Manner by this Act directed and prescribed. '

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, if any Seaman or Landman shall freely and voluntarily enter himself with aoy Regulating Officer or Officers employed or to be employed in railing Men for his Majesty's Naval Service, in or on board of any of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall, at the Time of his so entering, declare to such Officer or Officer his Name and Place of Abode, and that he is married, and shall likewise declare the Name of his Wife, and at what Place (he then resides, and if he has a Child, or how many Children, distinguishing how many of such Children are Boys, or shall declare that he has a Mother then alive, and the J^lace of her Residence, and that he is willing to allot a Part and Proportion of his Wages or Pay for the Support and Maintenance of his said Wife and Child or Children, or of his Mother, then and in that Case, if the Wife or Mother of such Seaman or Landman shall reside in London, or within the Bills of Mortality thereof, the Sum allotted to her out of her Husband’s or Son’s Wages or Pay shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy; and if the Wife or Mother of such Seaman or Landman shall reside at Portsmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, or within five Miles of any of those Places respectively, then the Sum allotted to her out of her Husband’s or Son’s Wages or Pay shall be paid by the Clerk of the Cheque at any of those Places where or within five Miles of which (he shall reside; but if the Refnience of the Wife or Mother of such Seaman or Landman shall not be in London, or within the Bills of Mortality thereof, or at Portsmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, or within five Miles thereof respectively, then, and in every such Case the Sum allotted to the Wife or Mother of every such Seaman or Landman, out of her Husband’s or Son’s Wages or Pay, shall be paid to her by the Receiver General of the Land Tax of any County, Riding, or City, or by the Collector of the Customs for any Port, or by the Collector of Excise for any Cofleftion in Great Britain, nearest to the Place of Residence of the Wife or Mother of such Seaman or Landman; and such Regulating Officer or Officers for entering Seamen or Landmen as aforesaid, shall immediately make out or cause to be made out three Declarations of Allotment, and three Orders of Payment, which shall be Triplicates of each other, and joined together with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, and the Cud Declarations and Orders shall be in the following Form, or in Words to the like

Effect:

j. Payment, in the

Petty Officers, &c. may allot a certain Portion of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Families.

Volunteers, at the Time of entering, declaring to the Regulating Officer certain Particulars, may allot a Part of their Pay, which shall be paid by the Persons herein spe-

Regulating Ofw ficer to make out three Declarations of Allotment of Pay, and Orders of following Form.

N* I.

J Petty Officer,

Seaman,

Landman,

Non commissioned Officer of Marines Marin-,

Wile

do hereby declare,;

\ and one Child a Buy C and Children of whom are Boys

in the County of

have allotted

h.t i y hav,"s a j

luving a (_ Mother - - *.

living at

r entered this Day to ftrve in his Majesty's Navy, j now serving on board his Ma-(. jt.Ay’5 Ship

per Day, out of my Wages or Pay, for

f" Wife J -md Child I 7

the Maintenance of my < *"*Chl!drcn J, and I do hereby

I Mother -

direct you to pay or cause to be paid to C.B. my Mother

living in the Place and County aforesaid, at the End of every twenty-eight Days from the Date hereof, the Sum of being at the Rate of per Day out of the Wages or Pay

to grow due to me as a in his Majesty's Navy, a Du-

plicate hereof having already been transmitted to you, signed by three of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, upon her producing a Certificate, under the Hands of the Minister and the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or the Elders or Elder, of the Parish where ffie resides, that, to the bed of their

Knowledge, the said C.D. is my J Mother or> *n ^Vtnt of the Death of my Wife, pay the Sum aforesaid to the Person who shall, by the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or Elders or Elder of the Parish where my said Wife rclidcs, ^pointed to receive the same, for the Maintenance of my

Children Dated Qn his Majesty's Ship f

tliia Day of 11

(Signed) A.B.

I.

r Petty Officer,

I Seaman,

T a r>,) Landman,

* j Non-commissioned

I Officer of Marines, / Marine,

N° I.

do hereby declare,

living at

It

P Petty citn

I Seaman,

T ad) Landman, y j Non-commissioned I Officer of Marines, ( Mam.es,

do hereby de:!are,

4

that

Witness (if on Shore)

in the County

f entered this Day to serve In his

J Majesty's Navy, f,

j now serving on board his Ma- 1 ottc

jesty’s Ship 3

'per Day, out of my Wages or Pay, for f Wife 5 and Child 1 ")

the Maintenance of my < ard Chdd, cn J \ and j do hereby

~ £ Mother -

direct you to pay or cause to be paid to C. B. my J Mother \

living in the Place and County aforesaid, at the End of every twenty-eight Days from the Date hereof, the Sure of being at the Rate of per Day out of the Wages or Pay

to glow due to me as a in his Majesty's Navy, a Du-

plicate hereof having already been transmitted to you, signed by three of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, upon her producing a Certificate, under the Hands of the Minister and the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or the Elders or Elder, of the Parish where ffic resides, that, to the best of their

Knowledge, the said C.D. is my Mother^ or> *n ^vent

the Death of my Wife, pay the Sum aforesaid to the Person who ffial), by the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or Elders or Elder of the Parish where my said Wife resides, be appointed to receive the same, for the Maintenance of my CChild I L. fat I

I Children 5 2 on board his Majesty's Ship 3

this Day of

(Signed) A B.

1

living at

have allotted

the Maintenance of my )

: - I Mother

774. Bowling,

Lieut, in his Majesty's Navy (if on board) D. E. Captain.

F. G. Lieut, and Signing Officer.

To the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy.

To the Receiver General of the Land Tax of

To the Collector of the Customs of the Port of To the Collector of the Excise at To the Clerk of the Cheque at

Witness (if on Shore)

77*. Bowling,

Lieut, in his Majesty's Navy, (if on board) D. E. Captain. 7

’ F. G. Lieut, and Signing

Officer. J

To the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy.

To the Receiver General 0/ the Land Tax of To the Collector of the Customs of the Port of To the Collector of the Excise at To the Clerk of the Cheque at

in the County

entered this Day to serve in his MajestyS Navy, now serving on board his Majesty's Ship

per Day, out of my Wages or Pay, for

f Wife I CM* {7

1 and Children J / n(j, do h,cby

ciireA you to pay or cause to be paid to C. B. my 1 Mother J

living in the Place and County aforesaid, at the End of every twenty-eight Days tiom the Date hereof, the Sum of being at the Rate of per Day out of the Wages or Pay

to grow due to me as a in his Majesty's Navy, a Duplicate hereof having already been transmitted to you, signed by three of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, upon her producing a Certificate, under the Hands of the Minister and the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or the Elders or Elder, of the Parish where Ihe resides, that, to the best of their

Knowledge, the said C.D. is my Mother \ ar* *n ?vent

the Death of my Wife, pay the Sum aforesaid to the Person who shall, by the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or Elders or Elder of the Parish where my said Wife resides, be appointed to receive the same, for the Maintenance of my

{ Children Dated on ^ar(j Majesty's Ship 1

this Day of

, (Signed) A.B.

Witness (If on Shore)

board)

77*. B orv ling,

Lieut in his Majesty's Navy D. E. Captain.

F. G. Lieut, and Signing Officer.

(Signed)

H. 1. K. L M. fi

(Signed)

To the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy.

To the Receiver General of the Land Tax of To the Collector of the Customs of the Port of To the Collector of the Excise at To the Clerk of the Cheque at

Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy

K

M.

Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy.

(Signed) -

By virtue of the Act of the thirty-fifth of George the Third.

Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy.

___ m j

i\f,' B. The perforating, or falsely assuming the Name and Cha-radter of the Wife, or Mother, or Person to be appointed on the Behalf of the Child or Children of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive any Part of the Wages or Pay of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines,

or Marine, is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Act thirty-fifth George the Third#

By virtue of the Act of the thirty-fifth of George the Third. virtue of the Act of the thirty-fifth of George the Third*

N.B. The perforating, or falsely assuming the Name and Cha-radler of the Wife, or Mother, or Person to be appointed on the Behalf of the Child or Children of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive any Part of the Wages or Pay of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the

Act thirty-fifth George the Third,

N.B. The personating, or falsely assuming the Name and Character of the Wife, or Mother, or Person to be appointed on the Behalf of the Child or Children of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive any Part of the Wages or Pay of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the

Act thirty-fifth George the Third.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28.

And which Declarations and Orders of Payment, being numbered and dated, and the Blanks otherwise filled up, the said Seaman or Landman shall sign his Name, or make his Mark at each of the said Triplicates thereof, and the said Regulating Officer shall attest such Declarations and Orders of Payment, by signing his Name as Witness thereto; and if the Wife or Mother of such Seaman or Landman shall then attend in Person, such Regulating Officer shall immediately cut off one of the said Triplicates of the said Declarations and Orders of Payment, through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, and shall deliver the same to the Wife or Mother of such Seaman or Landman, and shall, immediately thereafter, fend the other two Triplicates of such Declaration and Order of Payment to the Commissioners of the Navy at their Board in London \ but in case the Wife or Mother of such Seaman or Landman shall not attend at the Time her Hu (band or Son shall so enter himself in the Service as aforesaid, the said Regulating Officer shall fend the said Triplicates of such Declaration and Order of Payment to the Commissioners of the Navy as aforesaid; and such Regulating Officer shall, in the Returns he shall make to the Admiralty or Navy Boards, specify and mention, opposite to the Name of every Man so entered, whether he has allotted Part of his Pay for the Maintenance of his Wife and Child or Children, or of his Mother, and the Amount of such Allotment, together with the Date of the Order for Payment thereof.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, when and so often as the Captain or Commander of any Ship or Vessel in the Pay of his Majesty shall, pursuant to the Powers and Directions by former Acts of Parliament given, read over, or cause to be read over, at any Muster of his Ship’s Company, in a distinct and audible Manner, the Names of all the Petty Officers, Seamen, and Landmen, and the Names of all the Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, belonging to such Ship or Vessel; and if any Petty Officer, Seaman, Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall thereupon declare by Word of Mouth, or deliver in Writing, the Name and Place of Abode of his Wife, and if be has a Child, or how many Children, distinguishing how many of such Children are Boys, or that he has a Mother then alive, and the PI ace of her Residence, and desire that a Part of his Wages or Pay should be allotted and paid to his said Wife for the Support and Maintenance of her and his Child or Children, or to his Mother, then and in that Case, if the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall reside in London, or within the Bills of Mortality thereof, the Sum allotted to her out of her Husband’s Wages or Pay shall be paid to her by the Treasurer of the Navy; and if the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall reside at Portsmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, or within five Miles of any of those Places respectively,

then the dum allotted to ner out or the ages or ray or n Cheque at any of those Places, where or within five Miles the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or

of which (he shall reside; but if the Residence of

shall not be in London, or within the Bills of Mortality thereof, or at Portst Chatham, or within five Miles of any of those Places refjiectively, then and in every such Case the Sum allotted to the Wife or Mother of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be paid to her by the Receiver General of the Land T«ix for any County, Riding, or City, in Great Britain, or by the Collector of the Customs for any Port, or by the Collector of the Excise for any Collection in Great Britain, nearest to the Place of Residence of the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine; and the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel is hereby strictly required and enjoined to cause a List to be made out, which shall contain the Name of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, who shall be desirous to allot a Part of his Wages or Pay for the Support of his Wife or Mother, in which Lift the Name and Place of Abode of the Wife or Mother, Child or Children, as the Case may be, of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and whether he has a Child, or how many Children, distinguishing how many of such Children are Boys, shall be specified and described in distinct Columns opposite to the Name of such Petty Officer, Seaman, and Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, and Marine; and every Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, who shall so desire that a Part of his Wages or Pay may be allotted and paid to his Wife or Mother, shall write his Name, or make his Mark, inaleparate and distin& Column in the said Lift, which Lift shall be forthwith completed and signed by the Captain or Commander, and any other of the signing Officers of such Ship or Vessel; and every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall at the same rime also sign his Name, or make his Mark, at each of the three Declarations and Orders of Payment as before mentioned, to empower his Wife or Mother to receive that Part of her Husband’s or Son’s Wages or Pay so allowed to her; and which Declarations and Orders shall be in the same Form of Words as are herein-before described, or to the same and the like Effcdfc, and the said Declarations and Orders shall be forthwith completed; and such Captain or Commander shall transmit the Lift, and the three Declarations and Orders aforesaid, by the first safe Opportunity, without any Neglect or Delay whatsoever, to the Coin-missioners of the Navy at their Board in London.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the said Declarations and Orders shall be received by the Commissioners of the Navy, they shall examine, or cause the same to be examined, with

Navy, if the same shall have been transmitted by any Regulating Officer or Officers, or by the Captain or Commander on board any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, if the same shall have been transmitted any such Captain or Commander, and if found right, the same shall be filled up agreeable to the Particulars specified in the several Columns of such Lists, and shall be then allowed and ligned by any three of the Commissioners of the Navy, specifying the Date on which they shall so sign the same; and in all cases, where the Triplicates of the aforesaid Declarations and Orders shall have been transmitted to the Commission-iHHlNsvy, they shall, without Delay, cause them to be cut asunder through the said oblique Lines,

57

Declarations and Orders of Payment tobc signed by the Volunteer, and certified by the Officer, who shall dispose of them as herein directed;

and in his Returns to the Admiralty, &c. shall specify certain Particulars.

If any Petty Officer, &c. at any Muster of the Ship’s Company, shall desire a Part of his Pay may be so allotted, it shall be paid by the Persons herein mentioned*

Captains of

Ships to cause Lifts to be made of Petty Officers, &c. delirous of so allotting Part of their Pay;

and to transmit Lilts, and the Declarations and

Orders to the Navy Board.

Declarations and Orders tobc examined with Lifts by the Navy Board, and disposed of as herein directtl

C. 28. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

9

After aS Days from the Date, Persons to whom Declarations and Orders shall be addressed, to examine into the Truth thereof, and of Certificates of Mints. ters and Churchwardens mentioned therein, and if authentic, to pay the Sums allotted gratis. &c.

Allotments of Pay to be paid every four Weeks.

If a Wife to whom Part of her Husband’s Pay be allotted shall die, and leave Children under 14 Years old, the Minister and Churchwardens may certify to the Navy Board the same, and fhtir Intention to appoint a Person to receive and apply the Money for the IMe of the Children, &c.

If the Commissioners are satis-cted of the Truth of such Certifi-

commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine; and another of the said Declarations and Orders they shall cause to be transmitted forthwith to the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom such Order shall be so directed; and the third of the said Declarations and Orders they shall cause to be transmitted or delivered to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being; and where only two of such Declarations and Orders shall have been transmitted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, they shall in like Manner, without Delay, cauie the same to be cut asunder through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, and shall cause one of the said Declarations and Orders to be transmitted forthwith to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom such Order shall be so directed, and the other of the said Declarations and Orders to be transmitted or delivered to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being; but in Cases where the Allotment of such Wages as aforesaid shall be directed to bew paid by the Treasurer of the Navy in London, or within the Bills of Mortality thereof, then two of the Triplicates of such Declarations and Orders shall be transmitted or delivered to the Treasurer of the Navy.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when, at the End of twenty-eight Days or more after the Date of such Declaration and Order, the same, together with such Certificate as is mentioned therein by the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder, as the Case may be, of the Parish where the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, resides, shall be presented to the Treasurer of the Navy, or to any such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque respectively, as the Case maybe, to whom the same is addressed, he shall examine and compare such Declaration and Order so presented to him by the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, with the Triplicate of such Declaration and Order which shall have been transmitted to him by the Commissioners of the Navy, and enquire into the Truth thereof, and of such Certificate as aforesaid; and, if it shall appear to him necessary, by the Oath of the Wife or Mother producing the same, which Oath he is hereby authorized and empowered to administer, and upon being duly satisfied of the Authenticity of such Declaration and Order, and of such Certificate, and the Truth of the Facts therein set forth, he shall immediately pay to the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, without Fee or Reward, and without Deduction or Abatement, under the Pretence of any Expence having been incurred, or on any Pretence whatever, the Sum allotted to her out of the Wages or Pay of her Husband or Son, taking her Receipt for the same, to which (he shall sign her Name, or make her Mark, in the Presence of the Person paying her the Money, and which Person shall also sign his Name as Witness thereto, and he shall also mark her Receipt and Certificate with the same Number as that of her Husband’s Declaration and Order, and shall also mark on the said Declaration and Order, which shall be so produced to him by the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, the Date of such Payment, the Amount of the Sum paid, and the Time from whence, and up to what Time, the same so became due, after which he shall deliver back to the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, the Declaration and Order so produced by her; and the Person making such Payment shall in like Manner mark upon the Triplicate of such Declaration and Order, which shall have been transmitted to him by the Commissioners of the Navy as aforesaid, or otherwise be in his Pod’ession, the Date of such Payment, the Amount of the Sum paid, and the Time from whence, and up to what Time, the same so became due; and at the End of every four Weeks, or twenty-eight Days thereafter, upon similar Application made, and upon producing such Order and Certificate in Manner before directed, the same Payment shall be made in the same Manner and Form to the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, as aforesaid, during her Life, or so long as her Husband or Son shall live, and continue as a Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, except as herein after excepted, where no Demand shall be made upon such Order within six Months from the Date of marking thereof by the Commissioners of the Navy, or from the Date of the last Payment made thereon.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Wife $f any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, who may have allotted Part of his Wages for the Maintenance of his said Wife and Children, shall happen to die, and such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall have a Child or Children under the Age of fourteen Years, it shall and may be lawful for the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder, as the Case may be, of the Parish where such Wife so dying did reside at the Time of her Death, to certify to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board in London, the Death of such Wife, and the Day thereof, and that the Husband of such Wife has a Child, or how many Children, then alive, under the Age of fourteen Years, and the Age of such Child, or the respective Ages of each of such Children,^ as nearly as they can, and shall distinguisti how many of such Children are Boys; and such Minister and Churchwardens, or Elders, shall also certify their Intention of appointing a fit and proper Person, resident within the said Parish, to receive that Part of the Father’s Wages or Pay for his Services in the Navy, which had been allotted by him for the Maintenance of his Child or Children in the Event of the Death of his Wife, and along with such Certificate the Minister and Churchwardens, or Elders, shall also transmit to the Commissioners of the Navy the Triplicate of such Declaration and Order before mentioned, made by the Husband of such Wife who shall have so died as aforesaid, and which was in her Possession at the Time of her Death; whereupon the Commissioners of the Navy shall examine into the Truth of such Certificate in such Manner as they shall think proper, and if they are satisfied of the Truth thereof, and that the Father of such Child or Children is ft ill alive, and in the Service of his Majesty, they shall then make out, or cause to be made out, three Certificates and Orders, which

I. Wc, thf MlnlArr ind

| #r church»irj#o #f rfie |»irjrtl of

County of do hereby certify and declare, That

'Fettjr officer*

In the

Wife of

N* I. W>, the MtnIAcr 4nd

} *' C‘",thw*'J*" } of >h» P»rish of

*n the

mmiiliorted ine».

serving in his Majesty's

do hereby certify and d*l*r*i That

Wife of

Nary, died on the Day of and was buried in the said Parish, where fhc had resided J Yc°ai»h* } previous to her Death. And wc further certify and declare that there

{ arr livin8 in t,i$ P*ri^ \ ClSdJii» 1 under t,ic A8C of four‘

teen Years, of the aforesaid late the Husband of the

deccaicd { } «nd Wc h»*.

appointed of in this Paritn, to receive such

Allowance as the aforesaid the Father has allotted out

of his Wages or Pay due or to become due for his Service in the

Navy, for the Maintenance and Support of his said j children }

in the Event of the Death of his Wife: And We request that you will give the necessary Order, that the Wages or Pay of the Father so allowed as aforesaid shall and m»y in future be paid to the said

serving in his Majesty's

and was buried in the { Vr"Ah* } previous

of the said at

for the Maintenance and Support of the J children*1

this

under cur Inspection and Direction. Dated Day of

Signed A.B. Minister.

C.D. 7 Churchwardens To the Commissioners of. E. F. \ or Elders,

his Majesty's Navy.

We,

and two of his Majesty's Justice s

of the Peace in and for the County of do hereby certify

and attest to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, That the Fadls set forth in the above Certificate are true, to the best of our Knowledge and Belief, and that the said named therein

is a fit and proper Person to receive the Wages allotted by the

above for the Maintenance and Support of his children }

in the Event of the Death of his Wife $ and We do hereby approve of him in that Respeit. Dated at this Day of

Signed G. H. 7 Justices of the Peace for

/. K. J the County of

ZondWr, the Day of

Wc approve of the above, and allow the same, and order the Payment of that Part of the Wages allotted by the above-mentioned for the Maintenance and Support ot hi*

| Children } 111 the Event cl the Death cl* his Wife, to be paid to the above-named for that Purpose.

£ncd 7 Commissioners of

» A. (J.

J

The Treasurer of the Navy.

The Receiver Central of the Land Tax of The Collector of the Customs at the Port of The Collector of the Excise at The Clerk of the Cheque at

By virtue of the Act of the thirty-fifth of George the Third.

fit. B. The forging of this Certificate, or procuring any other Person to forge the same, in order to receive any Part of the Wages or Pay allotted by any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to the Support and Maintenance of his (Child, or Children) ii made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Ad thifty-

1

Seaman,

{Landman,

Non-coinmUTion«d Officer of Marino,

Marine, /

Navy, died on the Day of

said Parish, where she had resided to her Death. And we further certify and declare that there

1 ire } living in this Parish children } under the Age of fourteen Years, of the aforesaid late the Hu (band of the aforesaid d.ceased J } and w« have

appointed of in this Parish, to receive such

Allowance as the aforesaid the Father has allotted out

of Ills Wages or Pay due or to become due for his Service in the

Navy, for the Maintenance and Support of his said children } in the Event of the Death of his Wife: And Wt request that you will give the necessary Order, that the Wages or Pay of the Father so allowed as aforesaid shall and may in future be paid to the said

for the Maintenance and Support of his children }

of the said under our Inspection and Direction. Dated

at this Day of

Signed A. B Minister.

C.D. 7 Churchwardens To the Commissioners of E. F. J or Elders

his Majesty's Navy.

two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of do hereby certify

and attest to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, That the Fadls set forth in the above Certificate are true, to the best of our Knowledge and Belief, and that the said named therein

is a fit and proper Person to receive the Wages allotted by the

above for the Maintenance and Support of his J children }

in the Event of the Death of his Wife j and Wc do hereby approve of him in that Respcdl. Dated at this Day of

Signed G. H. Justices of the Peace for

serving in his Majesty's

and was buried in the { ftf } Previou.

J. K

the County of the Navy.

Commissioner* of the Navy.

To

n.

I

IP

9 ft.

LofiJcn, the Day of

We approve of the above, and allow the same, and order the Payment of that Part of the Wages allotted by the above-mentioned for the Maintenance and Support of his

J Children J in the Event of the Death of his Wife, to be paid to the above-named for that Purpose.

Signed L. M."7

N. 0. S-

SThe Treasurer of the Navy.

The Receiver General of the Land Tax of The Collector of the Customs at the Port of The Collector of the Excise at The Clerk of the Cheque at

By virtue of the Act of the Thirty-fifth of George the Third.

N.B. The forging of this Certificate, or procuring any other Person to forge the same, in order to receive any Part of the Wages or Pay allotted by any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Mirine, to the Support and Maintenance of his (Child, or Children) is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; by the Act thirty.

fifth Cter re the Third._ 1 l.ftSfta'

N° I. Wc, ih« Minister and

| Chunhwjnlviii Of CtjMfihwaiJfn 1 f D -

1 fcwirn #r tiiurr J of the Parish oi In the County of. do hereby certify and declare. That

! Petty Officer, r*

9tUM*a

Officer ot Marines,

Marine,

Navy, died on the Day of

said Parish, where she had resided

I s cari j a

to her Death. And Wc further certify and declare that there

{ ire } livin8 in this Parish { Children } under the Age of fourteen Years, of the aforesaid late the Husband of the aforesaid dreeased { } and wc have

appointed of in this Parish, to receive such

Allowance as the aforesaid the Father has allotted out

of his Wages or Pay due or to become due fof his Service in the

Navy, for the Maintenance and Support of his said J children { in the Event of the Death of his Wife: And We request that you will give the necessary Order, that the Wages or Pay of the Father so allowed as aforesaid shall and may in future be paid to the said

for the Maintenance and Support of the j children }

of the said under our Inspection and Direction. Dated

at this Day of

Signed A.B. Minister.

C.D. 7 Churchwardens.

To the Commissioners of E. F. $ or Elders,

his Majesty's Navy.

and two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of do hereby certify

and attest to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, That the Fadls set forth in tht above Certificate are true, to the best of our Knowledge and Belief, and that the said named therein

is a fit and proper Person to receive the Wages allotted by the

above for the Maintenance and Support of his J Children }

in the F.vent of the Death of his Wife j and We do hereby approve of him in that Kcfpett. Dated at this Day of

Signed G. H. 7 Justices of the Peace for

I. JC, i the County of

LcnJoftf the Day of

Capprove of the above, and allow the same, and order the Payment of that Part of the Wages allotted by the above-mentioned for the Maintenance and Support of his

1 Children \ in tI,c Event the Deatii of his W-fc, to be paid to the above-namod for that Purpose.

Signed t. M. 7

aj n L Commissioners of

ths Navy.

p. i*. s

f The Treasurer of the Navy.

Tht Receiver General of the Land Tax of i v The Collector of the Customs at the Port of The Collector of the Excise at; 1 he Clerk of the Cheque at

By virtue of the Act of the thirty-fifth of Georg* the Third.

B. The forging of this Certificate, or procuring any other Person to torge the tame, in order to receive any Part of the Wages or Pay allotted by any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to the Support and Maintenance of his (Child, or Children) is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Act thirty-fifth Gt<r?c the Third. '

Crt

vn

6o

Triplicates of Certificates to be sent to the Minister or Churchwardens, which, after being filled up and attested by two Magistrates, shall be returned to the Navy Board;

the Commissioners of which shall examine, and dispose of them as herein dire <fled.

After a certain Period the Person appointed to receive Allotments of Pay fot Children, may apply for the same, producing certain Papers.

If the Papers produced be found authentic, the Money allotted to be paid gratia.

C. 28. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

The Triplicates of which Certificate, being so made out as aforesaid, the Commissioners of the Navy shall forthwith fend, or cause the same to be sent, to the Minister, or to the Churchwardens or Churchwarden* Elders or Elder, of the Parish where the Wife of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, so died as aforesaid; and such Minister, Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder, shall cause the Blanks thereof to be filled up, and the Minister, along with the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or the Elders or Elder, of the said Parish, shall sign the same, and having procured two of the Justices of the Peace of the County wherein such Parish lies to attest the same* the said Minister, or Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or Elders or Elder, shall forthwith return the said three I riplicates to the Commissioners of the Navy in London; and the Commissioners of the Navy shall immediately on Receipt thereof examine the same, and if found right, they shall mark each of the Triplicates of the said Certificate with the same Number with which the original Declaration and Order of Payment, executed by the said Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines* or Marine, whose Wife may have died as aforesaid, was numbered; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall date and lign their Allowance thereof, and shall address each of the Triplicates to the same public Officer to whom the original Order granted by the aforesaid Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, whose Wife may have so died as aforesaid* was addressed for Payment, and the same, being so completed, they shall cause them to be cut asunder indentwile through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, and shall forthwith cause one of them to be transmitted to the Person who shall be named and appointed by the said Minister and Churchwardens, or Elders, and approved of by the Justices, in the aforesaid Certificate and Attestation, to receive the Allotment ot Wages or Pay therein mentioned, and shall therewith also transmit to him the original Declaration and Order granted by such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, whose Wife may have (o died as aforesaid, which original Declaration and Order was in her Pofi-session at the Time of or previous to her Death, and which had been sent to the Commissioners of the Navy by the Minister or Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder, along with their Certificate of the Death of such Wife, as before mentioned; and another of the aforesaid Triplicates, so approved of and allowed by the Commissioners of the Navy, or any three of them, as aforesaid, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Treasurer of the Navy, Collector of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, appointed to pay the same, as the Case may be; and the third of the said Triplicates to be delivered to the Treasurer of the Navy.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the End or Expiration of twenty-eight Days, or more, from the Date of the last Payment made to the Wife of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, who may have so died as aforesaid, or from and after the Date of the original Declaration and Order granted by her Husband, in case (he shall have received no Payment thereon, the Person named and appointed in such Certificate, Attestation, and Allowance as aforesaid, for receiving the Allotment of such Wages for the Maintenance and Support of the Child or Children of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, may apply to the Treasurer of the Navy, Receiver General of the Land Tax, ColJe&or of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the same may be respectively addressed, for Payment of what may be due thereon, and shall then produce the original Declaration and Order of such Petty Officer Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, in Favour of his Wife, the Certificate of the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or Elders or Elder, of his Appointment the Attestation thereof by two Justices of the Peace, and Allowance thereof by any three Commissioners of the Navy, as is before-mentioned, and shall also produce and deliver to such Treasurer of the Navy Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, respectively, as the Case may be, a Certificate from the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder, specifying that there is a Child, or the Number of Children, under the Age of fourteen Years, of such Petty Officer, Seaman, Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, whose Wife may have died as aforesaid, then living in their Parish, and distinguishing if such Child, or how many of such Children are Boys, and the Age of such Child, or the respective Ages of such Children, as nearly as they can; and such Treasurer of the Navy, Receiver General of the Land Tax Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall examine these several Papers so produced to him, with the Triplicates thereof, which shall have been transmitted to him by the Commissioners of the Navy as aforesaid, and shall enquire into the Truth thereof, and of such Certificates so presented to him; and if it shall appear to him necessary, by the Oath of the Party producing the same (which Oath he is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) and being duly satisfied of the Authenticity thereof, and of the I ruth of the Fadts therein set forth, he shall immediately pay to the Person so appointed, in the Manner and P'orm before directed, to receive such Allotment of Wages or Pay, the Sum due thereon, without P ee or Reward, and without Deduction or Abatement, under the Pretence of any Expence having been incurred, or on any Pretence whatever, so as the same shall not be for a less or shorter Period than twenty-eight Days, except as herein after is mentioned, and shall take the Receipt of such Person (or the same, who shall lign the said Receipt in the Presence of the Person paying the Money and the said Person (o paying the Money shall sign his Name as Witness to the said Receipt, and shall also mark the said Receipt with the same Number as that of the original Declaration, and Order of Payment and Certificate of Appointment, and shall also mark upon the original Declaration, and Order of Payment* and upon the Certificate of Appointment, which shall be so produced by the Person therein appointed to receive the same, and to whom the Money is to be paid, and also upon the original Declaration, and Order of Payment, and upon the Certificate of Appointment in his Hands, and which shall have been transmitted T 10 to

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28.

Co him by the Commissioners of the Navy as aforesaid, or otherwise be in his Possession, the Date of such Payment, the Amount of the Sum paid, and the Time from whence, and up to what Time, the same so became due; and at the End of every twenty-eight Days thereafter, upon similar Application made, and upon producing such original Declaration and Order of Payment granted by such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and such Certificate of Appointment attested and allowed as before-mentioned, and upon the Delivery of such Certificate respecting the Exigence and Age of such Children as aforesaid, by the Minister, Churchwardens, or Elders of the Parish where such Children shall reside, with a Receipt for the Money, in Manner as before directed, the same Payment shall be made to the Person so appointed to receive such Part of the Wages allotted by every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for the Maintenance and Support of his Children upon the Death of his Wife as aforesaid, and that for so long and while all or any one of his said Children shall remain under the Age of fourteen, or so long as their Father shall live or continue as a Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, except as herein after excepted, where no Demand shall be made for Payment, within six Months from the Date of the Commissioners of the Navy allowing of such Certificate of Appointment, or from the Date of the last Payment made thereon.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Seaman, Landman, or Marine, who may have allotted a Part of his Wages or Pay for the Support and Maintenance of his Wife and Child or Children, or Mother, shall, at any future Period, be promoted in the Service; videlicet, if a Landman or Ordinary Seaman shall be promoted to be an Able Seaman, or if an Able Seaman shall be promoted to be a Petty Officer, or if any Petty Officer shall be promoted from an inferior to a superior Rank in the Lift of Petty Officers, or if any Marine shall be promoted to be a Non-commissioned Officer, or receive any other similar Promotion, and by which the Wages or Pay of such Person shall be increased, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Ordinary Seaman, Landman, Petty Officer, or Marine, promoted as aforesaid, at the first, or any subsequent Muster of the Company of the Ship or Vessel to which he shall belong after such his Promotion, to declare, in Manner aforesaid, that he is desirous to make the Allowance out of his Wages or Pay, to and for the Support and Maintenance of his Wife and Child or Children, or Mother, to the full Amount allowed to those in the same Rank to which he has been promoted'; and the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel is hereby required, in the Monthly or other A4ufter Books returned by him to the Commissioners of the Navy, to specify the same opposite to the Name of such Seaman, Landman, Petty Officer, or Marine, so promoted as aforesaid, who shall also sign his Name, or make his Adark, opposite thereto; and such Seaman, Landman, Petty Officer, or Marine, so promoted as aforesaid, shall also sign three Declarations and Orders of Payment (agreeably to the Forms before prescribed) to his Wife and Child or Children, or Mother, of that Part of his Wages or Pay allotted to them according to his then Situation, as before is mentioned, which Declaration and Order of Payment shall be executed, witnessed, and transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy, in the same Manner as before is mentioned; and such Commissioners shall likewise proceed in the same Manner as before is directed in examining and transmitting such Declaration and Order for Payment to the Wife, or Mother, or other Person appointed as aforesaid to receive the same, for the Use of the Child or Children, and to the Treasurer of the Navy, Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the same shall be addressed for Payment; and the Wife, or Mother, or Person appointed as aforesaid to receive for the Use of the Child or Children shall, at the Time of receiving the first Payment under the Authority of such new Order for Payment, receive also the Difference between the Sum contained i.i the first Order and that contained in the second or new Order for Payment, from the Day of the Date of such new Order up to the Time of her or him receiving under such new Order, in case any intermediate Payment shall have been made on the first Order after the Date of the second, but before the presenting of such second Order for Payment, and he or (lie so receiving the Money as aforesaid shall deliver up to the Person making such Payment the Triplicate of the former Declaration or Order for Payment that was in her or his Possession, which shall forthwith, by such Person so paying the Money, be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy, together with the Triplicate of such first Declaration or Order of Payment, that was in the Possession of such Person himself; and in all other Matters and Things relative to such new Declaration and Order for Payment, made by Persons so promoted as aforesaid, the same Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall be observed as by this present Act are directed and prescribed with respect to Payments to be made under the first Declaration and Order of Payment that may have been granted and executed by any Seaman, Landman, Petty Officer, or A4arine, before he received such Promotion as aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Payments made to the Wife or Another of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Alar.nes, or Marine, under the Authority of such Order granted by him in Manner aforesaid, or to the Person that may be appointed to receive the same, in the Manner and Form before mentioned, in the Event of the Death of such Wife, shall be by even Monthly Payments of twenty-eight Days, and not for any Part of a Month, except in the Case of the Death of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or in the Case of such Petty Officer, or Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, being regularly difehatged, or quitting, or absenting himself from his Majdfy’s Service, in which Events the W he, or in case of her Dearn the Person that may be appointed to receive the lame, in Manner before mentioned, or the Mother, as the Case may be, shall be entitled to and receive the Sum allotted to such Wife, 01 Children, or Mother, up and Home to the Day of the Death or Discharge of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or his quitting or absenting himself from his Majesty's

!> Service;

61

Such Allotments of Pay to be paid every four Weeks.

On Promotion any Seaman,

See. may increase the Allotment out of his Pay to the Amount allowed to his Rank, &c.

Payments to be

made lor 28 -

Days at a Time, except in case of Death, &c.

62

Orders to be irrevocable while the Grantor is entitled to Pay, or the Wife or Mother shall live, &c.

Wives, Arc. to appear personally to receive Allotments of Pay, \inless disabled by bodily Infirmity.

If Wives die, Orders to be void if Payment be not demanded within six Months after signed by the Navy Board.

Regulating Officers and Captains of Ships neglecting to trar.smit Lifts, Arc. liable to 501. Penalty.

Jf Persons to whom Orders are addressed shall not have Money in Hand when present-cd they shall appoint a Day, within a Fortnight, for Payment, Arc.

C. 28. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Service; and all Payments so made shall be deduced from the Pay or Wages of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, respectively.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Order so to be granted by any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, as aforesaid, shall be irrevocable, and continue and remain in force during the whole Time that he shall be entitled to receive Wages or Pay on Account of his Services in his Majesty's Navy, in case his Wife or Mother named in such Order shall so long live, or while and during his Children, or any one of them, shall remain under the Age of fourteen, or until he shall be discharged, quit, or absent himself from his Majesty's Service, unless the same shall be revoked in the Way and Manner herein after mentioned, or become void and forfeited by Non-claim thereon, as after mentioned; and the Wife or Mother of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or the Person that may be appointed to receive the same in Manner before-mentioned, in the Event of the Death of such Wife, during all the Time aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive, in the Manner and Form above prescribed, the Sum so allotted by such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to be paid out of his Wages or Pay, for the Maintenance and Support of his Wife and Children, or Mother,

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Wife or Mother of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or the Person that may be appointed in Manner aforesaid to receive such Allotment of Wages or Pay, in the F.vent of the Death of the Wife, shall appear in Person before the Treasurer of the Navy, Receiver General of the Land Tax, or CollciSlor of the Customs, or Coliecflor of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to receive that Part of the Wages or Pay which shall be allotted by such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for the Maintenance and Support of his Wife and Children, or Mother, unless the said Wife or Mother, or Person so appointed in the Event of the Death of the Wife, shall be prevented and disabled from so appearing by bodily Infirmity; and such Disability being certified by the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder, of the Parish where lhe or he relidesj or by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, attending her or him, then and in that Case the Money so allotted such Wife, or Mother, or Person so appointed as aforesaid, in the Event of the Death of the Wife, shall be paid to her or his Order in Writing, upon producing the original Order for Payment by such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, together with the other proper Receipt and Certificate as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if no Demand for Payment upon or by virtue of any such original Order of Payment, or Order of Appointment as aforesaid, shall be made upon the Treasurer of the Navy, Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the same shall be respectively directed, for the Space of six Calendar Months from and after the Date when the same shall respectively be signed by the Commissioners of the Navy, or any three of them, then the said Order for Payment, and Appointment as aforesaid, in the Event of the Death of the Wife, shall become void, null, and of no Eftetft, and no Payment whatever shall be made thereon, or in virtue thereof, or in virtue of both or either of them; and the Wages or Pay of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall, from and after the Date of the last Payment m^de on such Order, be paid to him, or to his Executors or Administrators, as if he had

never granted any such Order.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Regulating Officer or Officers appointed for entering Men for his Majesty's Service, or any Captain or Commander of any Ship or Vessel in the Pay of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall unnecessarily neglect or delay to transmit to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, the Lists of such Petty Officers, Seamen, or Landmen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, who have allotted Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance and Support of their Wives and Children, or Mothers, such Lists to be made out in Manner before mentioned, or to transmit the Declarations and Orders made by such Petty Officers, Seamen, or Landmen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, respectively, authorizing such Payments to be made to their Wives or Mothers, or for the life of their Children, every such Officer or Officers, Captain or Commander, so neglecting or delaying, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and such Fine or Penalty shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty and Fine may be recovered or levied for any Offence against any Law by which any Duty of Customs or Excise is imposed or laid; and the said Fine and Penalty, when recovered, shall be paid to the Person or Persons suing or prosecuting for the same.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, or Person employed under the Treasurer of the Navy, to whom such Order shall be addressed and presented by the Wife or Mother of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or by the Person that may be appointed in Manner before mentioned to receive the same, in the Event of the Death of such Wife, for Payment of the Sum allotted to such Wife, Child or Children, or Mother, shall not then have in his Hands public Money sufficient to answer the same, and shall for that Reason refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall immediately deliver to the Wife, or Mother, or Person appointed in the Manner and in the Event aforesaid, and demanding such Payment, a Note of the Caule of his Refusal or Delay to pay the same, which shall bear the Date when such Demand was made and refusecL and shall appoint thereon, for the Payment of such Demand, some future Day, within the Space of fourteen Days from the Day of the first Demand being made upon him; and if upon Complaint being made to the

Stji i - respedjfi

7

C. 28.

respective Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to manage the said several and fordday-

Duties of the Land Tax, Customs, or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy, if the Person com- tog Payment «r

plained of be a Clerk of the Cheque, or Person employed under the Treasurer of the Navy, it shall appear fv,.n5tFcp*

that such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, Clerk of nalty. ° C"

the Cheque, or Person employed under the Treasurer of the Navy, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or

delayed the Payment of such Allowance allotted as aforesaid, or that such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, Clerk of the Cheque, or any Person employed by

or under any of them, or any Person employed by or under the Treasurer of the Navy, hath diretftly or indirectly received or taken any Fee or Reward, Gratuity, Discount, or Deduction whatsoever, or any Sum

under Pretence of Reimbursement of any Expence incurred on Account of the Payment of the said Allowance,

it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the said Commissioners to convict and fine any such

Offender, under their respective Directions, for every such Offence, in a Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds,

according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty and Fine may be recovered or levied for any Offence against any Law by which any Duty of Customs or Excise is imposed or laid, and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Person suing or prosecuting for the same.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Captain or Commander in his Majesty's Over-payments Navy, or any Agent of Hospitals for sick or wounded Seamen, shall neglect or delay to make their Returns ^cafioned by within a reasonable Time, and according to the Time by any Act or Acts of Parliament limited for that inl Return* to Purpose respectively, whereby or by Means whereof any Over-payment shall be made to the Wife, or be'made good Mother, or to the life of the Child or Children of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-com- by the De-missioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, then and in every such Case the Commissioners of the Navy, or fruiter*. Commissioners of sick and wounded Seamen, (as the Case may be, J shall and are hereby directed and

enjoined to dedu& from the Salary, Wages, or Pay, of the Captain or Commander, or Agent of Hospitals for sick and wounded Seamen, a Sum equal to that which has been overpaid by or through his Neglect or Delay, upon such Commissioners as aforesaid receiving a Certificate, under the Hand of the Treasurer, or under the Hand of the Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy, certifying that such Overpayment has been made by or through the Neglectt or Delay of such Captain or Commander in the Navy, or Agent of any Hospital for sick and wounded Seamen, and which Sums so deduded shall be applied in replacing the Sum so overpaid as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Orders for Pay-Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, who shall have made an Allotment of Part of his menV° WiV5s Wages or Pay, and executed an Order for Payment of the same to his Wife, shall at any Time thereafter ^Certificates be desirous to revoke and recal the same, it shall be lawful for him so to do, upon his declaring such his from Ministers Intention, and actually revoking the same, by a Writing under his Hand addressed to the Commissioners of and Church-his Majesty's Navy, and accompanying such his Declaration and Revocation with a Certificate from the wardens, &c. Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder, of the Parish where his Wife had her Residence at the Date of his Declaration and Order of Payment of Part of his Wages to her, declaring

that, in their Opinion, such Petty Officer, Seamen, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, has just and reasonable Cause for such his Revocation; and if the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, upon receiving such Revocation and Certificate, and examining and considering the same, shall be satisned of the Reasonableness thereof, they, or any three of them, shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, or to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the Order of Payment of the Wife of f jeh Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, was addressed, directing him to flop all future Payment thereon, and the Treasurer of the Navy, or such Collector of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall indorse upon the Notice of such Countermand of Payment the Date when he receives the same, and shall, within two Days after, acknowledge the Receipt thereof to the Commissioners of the Navy, and shall not, after Receipt of such Notice, make any further or future Payment to the Wife of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and the Husband of such Wife shall thereafter be entitled to his Wages or Pay, in the same Way and Manner as if he never had made such Declaration or Order of Payment to his Wife, or until such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall make, in Manner aforesaid, another Declaration or Order for Payment, which he is hereby enabled to do notwithstanding of his having revoked the former.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter the Wife of any If Wives to Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to whom her whom Allot-Husband shall in Manner aforesaid have made any Allotment of Part of his Wages or Pay for the Main-

tenance and Support of her and of his Child or Children, shall desert or otherwise negletft and leave unfup- children^ the ported and maintained such Child or Children, whereby they or any of them, being under the Age of Minister and fourteen, shall for the Space of one Month or more become chargeable upon any Parish, it shall and may be Churchwardens lawful to the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder, of such Parish, to certify may certify tht the Fact to the Commissioners of the Navy, and also their Intention to appoint a proper Person to receive Navy^oard and apply, to the Use of such Child or Children so deserted or negle£fed, that Part of the Wages or Pay an(1 thciMn-which the Father of such Child or Children had allotted for the Support and Maintenance of his Wife and tention to ap-Children; and if the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or any three of them, shall be satisfied with point a Person the Truth and Reasonableness thereof, they shall proceed in the same Way and Manner towards the to receive and

Appointment of a proper Person to receive that Allotment of XVages or Pay which such Petty Officer, ,ey for the uic

I I _ Seaman, of the Children*

kLm I I fcc.

64

C. 28.

tricesimo

A. D/1795.

Navy Board to

communicate Death, Arc. of Petty Officers, &c. who have allotted Part of their Pay, to the Persons directed to pay it, who are to acknowledge the Receipt in two Days on Penalty of 201. &c.

Ministers and

Churchwardens to give Notice of the Death of Wives or Mothers receiving Allotments of Pay to the Navy Board, or he Persons paying the Money, who are to discontinue the Allowance till they receive

further Directions.

Receipts for Allotments of Pay to be assigned for Payment, on Production of them

and Certificates At the Navy

Office.

Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, had allotted to be paid to his Wife, in the same Way and Manner as if (he had died, to be received and applied by such Perton as may be so appointed, to and for the Use and Behoof of such Child or Children as aforesaid; and the same Rules, Orders, Directions, and Regulations, shall be followed and observed with respect to the Person so to be appointed, when the Wife shall desert or neglect the Child or Children of such Petty Officer, Seaman, Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, as if such Wife had died, and such Appointment had taken place in consequence thereof; and from and after the Date of such Appointment, the Wife shall not be entitled to or receive any Part of her Husband’s Wages or Pay which had been allotted to her in Manner aforesaid. '

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as it shall appear to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Return and Inspection of the Books of any Ship or Vessel in the Pay of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or in any other Manner or Way, that any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, who has allotted a Part of his Pay to his Wife and Child or Children, or Mother, has either died, been dismissed, or in any other Manner or Way quitted or absented himself, from the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the said Commissioners of the Navy, or any three of them, shall immediately communicate such Intelligence to the Treasurer of the Navy, or to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, or to the Collector of the Customs, or to the Collector of the Excise, or to the Clerk of the Checiue, by whom the Proportion of Wages allotted to the Wife, Mother, Child or Children, of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall have been directed to be paid, directing him to stop all future Payments to such Wife or Mother, or on Account of such Child or Children, from and after the Day of the Death of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, being dismissed, quitting, or absenting himself, from the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Treasurer of the Navy, and such Receiver General of the Land l ax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall, within two Days after the Receipt of such Notification, acknowledge the Receipt of the same by Letter addressed to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board in London, under the Penalty of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and levied as aforesaid, and shall not, on any Account or Pretence whatever, pay or cause to be paid to the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or to the Person that may be appointed to receive the same for the Use of such Child or Children, in Manner before-mentioned, in the Event of the Death of such Wife, the Whole or any Part of the Allowance allotted for the Maintenance and Support of his Wife or Mother, or of his Child or Children, out of his Pay, from and after the Day on which it shall have been so notified that such Petty Officer, Seaman, Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, had died, been dismissed, quitted, or absented himself, from the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as it shall come to the Knowledge of the Minister, or any of the Churchwardens, or any of the Elders of any Parish, that the Wife or Mother of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine entitled to receive any Benefit or Allowance under the Authority of this Act, is dead, such Minister* Churchwarden, or Elder, or any one of them, shall immediately give Notice thereof, by Letter, to the Commissioners of the Navy, or to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, from whom the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer* Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall have received the Allayw-alice allotted to her; and such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall immediately indorse on such Letter of Notification the Day when he receives the same, and shall forthwith transmit it to the Commissioners of the Navy, and shall not thereafter make any Payment on account or, by virtue of the Order under which such Wife or Mother, dying as aforesaid, was in use to receive her Allowance out of her Husband’s or Son’s Wages or Pay as aforesaid until he shall receive the further Directions of the Commissioners of the Navy thereon, by their transmitting to him a Triplicate of the Order of Appointment before-mentioned of the Person therein named being appointed for receiving that Part of the Wages allotted by such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for the Maintenance and Support of his Child or Children; but in case of no such Appointment being made, the Wages of every such Petty Officer Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall, from and after the Death of his Wife or Mother, or the Date of the lait Payment made thereon, belong and be paid to such Petty

Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receipts taken from the Wife or Mother of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, together with the Certificates of the Minister and Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Minister and Elder or Elders as the Case may be, or the Receipts taken from the Perton that may be appointed to receive such Allotment

Excise, or Cltrk of the Cheque, being produced and delivered at the Navy Office, shall be immediately assigned for Payment by three or more Commissioners of the Navy, and shall be immediately repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy to such Receiver General of the Land fax. Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque respectively, or to their respective Order, who shall have paid the same

I

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28.

to the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or to the Person that may be appointed to receive the same for the Use of the Child or Children, in the Event of the Death of such Wife, in Manner as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all and every such Receipts and Certificates taken from the Wife or

Mother of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or from the Person that may be appointed in Manner aforesaid to receive such Allotment for the Use of the Child or Children, in case of the Death of the Wife, together with the Certificates of the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder, as the Case may be, by the Treasurer of the Navy, for Payments made by him to such Wife or Mother, or to such Person to be appointed in Manner aforesaid, in case of the Death of the Wife, and all the Payments made by'him to any Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, or to their respective Orders, in virtue of such Alignments made by the Commissioners of the Navy, or any three or more of them, as before mentioned, shall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient Vouchers to the Treasurer of the Navy for so much Money as shall have been paid by himself to the Wife or Mother of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or to the Person that may be appointed in Manner aforesaid, in the Event of the Death of such Wife, or as shall have been directed to be paid by him to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, or to their respective Orders, by such Alignments as aforesaid, and as shall have been paid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such to the Treasurer of the Navy, in parting his Accounts.

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as an Act shall be passed by the

Legislature of the Kingdom of Ireland, making Prdvision for Payment in that Country to the Wife or Mother, or for or on Account of the Child or Children of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, in his Majesty's Navy, of the Sum allotted out of his Wages or Pay for the Maintenance and Support of his Wife and Child or Children, or Mother, it shall and may be lawful to, and in the Power of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to desire that such Part of his Wages or Pay, which he shall allot for the Maintenance of his Wife and Child cr Children, or Mother, may be paid by any Collector of the Revenue, or Revenue Officer, in Ireland, and in such Care the Regulating Officer for entering Men for the Navy, or the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, as the Case may be, is hereby required, in the Lift he is herein-before directed to make out, to mark, in a separate Column, that such Payment is requested to be made in Ireland, the Name of the Wife or Mother of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and that he has a Child, or how many Children, distinguishing how many of such Children are Boys, and the District or Address of the Collector or Revenue Officer by whom such Payment is desired to be made in Ireland; and such Regulating Officer, or Captain or Commander, shall, upon the Triplicates of such Declaration and Order for Payment as are above mentioned, address the same to the Collector or Revenue Officer in Ireland, by whom such Payment is desired to be made; and the Commissioners of the Navy, upon receiving such Lists, Declarations, and Orders as aforesaid, shall and are hereby directed to examine, number, date, and sign the same, in Manner as before directed, and shall in like Manner cut the said Triplicates asunder through the oblique Lines, Flourishes, and Devices, and shall cause one of the said Declarations and Orders to be transmitted forthwith to the Person named therein, as the Wife or Mother of fdch Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and another of the said Triplicates to be transmitted forthwith to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, and the third of the said Triplicates to be delivered forthwith to the Treasurer of the Navy.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in the Event of the Death of the Wife of any Petty Officer, or Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, whose Wife resided in Ireland, and was entitled to an Allotment out of the Wages of her Husband, to be paid in Ireland, the same Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall be observed with respect to the appointing of a proper Person in Ireland to receive the same Allotment out of the Wages of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for the Maintenance of such Child or Children, which he may have, under fourteen Years of Age, as are herein-before directed respecting the Child or Children of such Petty Officers, Seamen, or Landmen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, whose Wives shall die in Great Britain, save that the Triplicate of the Appointment of such Person who may be appointed to receive the said Allotment in Ireland, in the Form and Manner before mentioned, and which is herein before directed to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque in Great Britain, shall be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Sum allotted by any Petty Officer Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to be paid to his Wife, 01 Mother, or for the Maintenance of his Child or Children, out of his Wages or Pay, shall have been actually paid by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, such Sum or Sums shall be repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy, who is hereby directed and required to pay the same to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, or to their Order, upon their producing and delivering the Receipt or Receipts of such Wife or Mother, or Person to be appointed as herein-before mentioned, and the Certificate or Certificates of the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or Elders or Elder before mentioned, to the Commissioners of the Navy, they, or any three of them, having previously assigned the same upon the Treasurer of the Navy for Payment.

or

65

Receipts for Fiyinents made by the Treasurer of the Navy, Sic. to be fuilicient Vouchers.

Regulations for Payment of Allotments of Pay in Ireland.

On Death of Wives receiving Allotments of Pay in Ireland, the Regulations in such Event in Great Britain to be observed, except as to the Transmission of Triplicaus of Appointment.

Allotments paid by the Comm if-lioners of the Revenue in Ireland to be re. paid by the Treasurer o| the Navy.

66

Allotments to

be paid without Deduction on Penalty of 2 o 1.

Letters from and to the Cashier of the Treasurer of the Navy to tc frte of Portage.

Penalty on

Cashier for fending under Cover any Paper not relating to this Act.-

Treasurer or Paymaster of the Na*, &c. may inspect Muster Looks, &c.

Petty Officers, fee. making Allotments of Pay to be borne on the Ship's Books for the Balance only.

Persons forging Orders for Pay-inert, Scc. to fulier Death.

The Admiralty to direct the 'Commissionrs of the Navy to deliver to Regulating Officers and Captains Forms of Declarations and Orchis of Payment;

'anil the Treasurer to cause to be printed and delivered an Abstract of the Provisions of this Act to the Commissioners of the Navy, &c.

C. 28.

/v.iinu

tricesimo quinto

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to the Wife or Mother, or to the Person appointed to receive the same for the Use of the Child or Children of any Petty Officer, or Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, under the Authority of this Act, shall be fully and completely paid to her or him without any Deduction or Abatement, or under the Pretence of Reimbursement of any Expence whatsoever, although Part thereof may be in Fractions of the smallest Denomination; and every Person detaining or withholding any Part thereof, under Pretence of former Privilege or Usage of Office, or upon or under any Pretence whatsoever, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the same Way and Manner ns any Penalty or Forfeiture in the Collection of the Duties of Excise and Customs is directed to be levied and recovered, and shall be paid to the Person suing and prosecuting for the same.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Letters or Packets sent by the Cashier of the Treasurer of the Navy for paying Seamen’s Pickets, in the Execution of this Act, in Manner and Form herein after directed, shall, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be lent free from the Duty of Pottage; and all Letters and Packets relating to the Execution of this Act, that shall be forwarded by the Cashier of the Treasurer of the Navy for paying Seamen’s Tickets, shall be under Covers, with the Words, 'Pursuant to Act of Parliament thirty-fifth George the Third,’ printed upon the same, and the said Cashier shall write his Name under the same, and he is hereby strictly prohibited and discharged from inclosing or fending under such Covers any Writing, Paper, or Parcel whatever, excepting such as shall relate to the Execution of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Cashier appointed or to be appointed by the Treasurer of the Navy to pay Seamen’s Tickets, shall presume to fend or convey, under the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper, or Parcel, other than those relating to the Execution of this Act, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred rounds, and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty or Fine may be levied or recovered for any Offence against any Law by which any Duty of Customs or Excise is imposed or laid; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy, and the Clerks employed or to be employed by the Treasurer of the Navy to carry this Act into Execution, shall at all reasonable Times have Access to, and be entitled to inspect and peruse, the Mutter Book or Mutter Books of any Ship or Vessel whatsoever in the Pay of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all Returns from Hospitals, Hospital Ships, or Sick Quarters, and also to take such Extracts or Copies therefrom as they may think proper.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That, from and after the first Day of Atay one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, where any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall make an Allotment of Part of his Wages or Pay for the Support and Maintenance of his Wife and Children, or of his Mother, every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall, from and after the Date of such Allotment and Order for Payment, signed by him as aforesaid, only be rated and borne on the Ship’s Books for the Balance of his Wages or Pay that shall remain after deducting the Sum so allotted for the Maintenance of his Wife and Children, or Mother.

XXX. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly act and aftitt in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting, any such Declaration or Order for Payment, or any Certificate or Receipt herein-before described or mentioned, or shall utter or publish as true any such false and forged Declaration, Order, Certificate, or Receipt, to enable any Person or Persons to obtain Payment of any Wages or Pay, or any Part thereof, allotted as before-mentioned by any Petty Officer, Seaman, Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to be paid to or for his Wife and Children, or Mother, in Manner herein-before mentioned, then every such Person or Persons, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall direct the Commissioners of the Navy to dejiver sufficient Quantities of Blank Declarations and Orders for Payment in the Forms prescribed by this Act, to all Regulating Officers employed in raising Men for his Majesty's Navy, and to all Captains and Commanding Officers in his Majesty's Navy; and the said Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall direct the Treasurer of the Navy to cause to be printed an Abstract of the Provisions and Regulations contained in this Act, and to fend or deliver a competent Number of Copies thereof to the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, to the Commissioners of the Customs and Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, and to the Clerks of the Cheque in his Majesty's Dock Yards, who are hereby firidtly ordered and enjoined to hang up and affix the lame in some conspicuous Part of their several Offices, and to publish and promulgate the same as much as may be in their respective Departments; and the said Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, are further directed to cause a competent Number of the Copies of the said Abstract to be delivered to the Captain or Commander of every Ship or Vessel in his Majesty's Service, for the Use of every such Ship or Vessel, and such Captain or Commander is hereby directed and required to publish, promulgate, and read over the said Abstract, at the same Time, in the same

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. 67

same Manner, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are directed (with respect to the Articles of Admiralty to War and former Acts relating to his Majesty's Navy) by the Act of the thirty-second Year of King George be

the Third, intituled, An Act for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non- delivered to

commifponed Officers of Marines, and Marines, firming, or who may have served on hoard any of his Majesty's Captains of

Shits* and refuting in Ireland. Ships, to be

V read over with the Articles of War as directed by 33 Geo. III. Cap. 67.

---

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

[28th April 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the Public Service, that the most effectual Means should be adopted for providing a speedy Supply of Men, to serve in his Majesty's Navy; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Men to serve in the Navy to be levied in Scotland in the Proportions following.]

That there shall be levied within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the several Counties or Stewartries, and Royal Burghs and Towns herein after mentioned, such able-bodied Men to serve his Majesty in the Navy of Great Britain, at such Times and in such Manner as herein after is directed; and that the Number of Men to be levied by virtue of this Act shall be as follows; (that is to say,)

For the County of Aberdeen, one hundred and forty-one.

For the City of Aberdeen, twenty-two.

For the Burgh of Kintore, one.

For the Burgh of Inverury, one.

For the County of Ayr, sixty.

For the Burgh of Ayr, five.

For the Burgh of Irvine, two.

For the Town of Kilmarnock, eighteen.

For the County of Argyll, ninety.

For the Burgh of Inverary, two.

For the Burgh of Cambellton, two.

For the County of Bute, eight.

For the Burgh of Rotthsay, two.

For the County of Berwick, thirty-three.

For the Burgh of Lauder two.

For the County of Banff, forty-seven.

For the Burgh of Banff, seven.

For the Burgh of Cullen, one.

For the County of Caithness, twenty-three.

For the Burgh of Wick, two.

For the Town of Thurso, six.

For the County of Cromarty, eight.

For the County of Clackmannan, nine.

For the County of Dumfries, forty-one.

For the Burgh of Annan, two.

For the Burgh of Dumfries, eleven.

For the Burgh of Lochmaben, one.

For the Burgh of Sanquhar, one.

For the County of Dunbarton, sixteen.

For the Burgh of Dunbarton, four.

For the County of Edinburgh, sixty.

For the City of Edinburgh, including the Liberties of Canongate, Pleasance, South and North Leith, and Coalhill sixty.

For the Town of Dalkeith, five.

For the Town of Musselburgh, five.

For the County of Elgin, thirty-eight.

For the Burgh of Elgin, four.

For the Burgh of Forres, two.

For the County of Fife, eighty-eight.

For the Burgh of Cupar, four.

For the Burgh of Dunfermline, seven.

For the Burgh of Inverkeithing, one

For the Burgh of Bruntisland, two.

68 C. 29. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

For the Burgh of Kinghorn, one.

For the Burgh of Kirkcaldy, four.

For the Burgh of Dysart, two.

For the Burgh of Anstruther Easter, one.

For the Burgh of Anstruther Wester, one.

For the Burgh of Craill, one.

For the Burgh of Kilrenny, one.

For the Burgh of Pittenweem, one.

For the Burgh of Saint Andrew's, four.

For the County of Forfar, sixty-four.

For the Burgh of Brechin, three.

For the Burgh of Dundee, twenty-two.

For the Burgh of Forfar, three.

For the Burgh of Montrose, three.

For the Burgh of Arbroath, three.

For the County of Haddington, thirty-five.

For the Burgh of Haddington, four.

For the Burgh of Dunbar, three.

For the Burgh of North Berwick, one.

For the County of Inverness, seventy-four.

For the Burgh of Inverness, eleven.

For the County of Kinross, six.

For the County of Kincardine, thirty-two.

For the Burgh of Inverbervie, one.

For the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, twenty-seven.

For the Burgh of Kirkcudbright, three.

For the County of Lanerk, fifty-five.

For the City of Glasgow, fifty-seven.

For the Town of Hamilton, two.

For the Burgh of Lanerk, one.

For the Burgh of Ruglen, one.

For the County of Linlithgow, eighteen.

For the Burgh of Linlithgow, four.

For the Burgh of Queensferry, one.

For the County of Nairne, six.

For the Burgh of Nairne, two.

For Orkney, thirty-four.

For the Burgh of Kirkwall, three.

For Zetland, eighteen.

For the County of Peebles, ten.

For the Burgh of Peebles, three.

For the County of Perth, one hundred and fifty-two.

For the Burgh of Perth, eighteen.

For the Burgh of Culross, one.

For the County of Renfrew, twenty.

For the Burgh of Renfrew, one.

For the Town of Paisley, and the Villages of Newtoun, Williamsburg, Smithhills, Carriagehills, Maxwelltoun, and Millerstoun, twenty.

For the Town of Port Glasgow, one.

For the Town of Greenock, four.

For the County of Ross, fifty-six.

For the Burgh of Tain, two.

For the Burgh of Dingwall, two.

For the Burgh of Fortrose, one.

For the County of Roxburgh, forty-three.

For the Town of Kelso, five.

For the Burgh of Jedburgh, two.

For the County of Selkirk, four.

For the Burgh of Selkirk two.

For the County of Stirling, eighteen.

For the Burgh of Stirling, five.

For the County of Sutherland, twenty-nine.

For the Burgh of Dornoch, one.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. 69

For the County of Wigtoun, forty-nine.

For the Burgh of Wigtoun, two.

For the Burgh of Whitehorn, one.

For the Burgh of New Gallaway, one: And

For the Burgh of Stranraer, four.

---

[

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord H gh Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, and thdy are hereby required to constitute and appoint so many Officers to regulate the Admission of Men to be levied under the Authority of this A<Sl for his Majesty's Service, as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary, who, being so respectively appointed, shall establish convenient Places of Rendezvous for the Reception of such Men; and every Man so to be levied shall, before his Inrolment, be examined by one such Regulating Officer at the Icaff, as to his Ability to serve his Majesty; and every such Officer shall have the full Power of approving or of rejecting any Man tendered to serve his Majesty, subject nevertheless to such Controul and Superintendanee as by this Act is particularly directed.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the Peace of the said several Coun-

ties and Stewartries in Scotland (excepting the Counties of Inverness, Ro/s, Cromarty, Sutherland, and Caithness, and the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland) shall, within fifteen Days after the Daffing of this Act, and the Clerks of the Peace of the said Counties of Inverness, Refs, Cromarty, Sutherland^ and Caithness, and of the said Stewartry of Oikney and Zetland, shall, within twenty-five Days after the passing of this Act, or sooner if it can be done, cause an Advertisement to be published in Tome one Newspaper published or usually circulated within the County, funvnoning the Justices of the Peace of the said different Counties and Stewar.ries to meet in General Session upon a Day to be mentioned in such Advertisement, and at the usual Place where the Justices of each County severally are accustomed to meet; and the Justices, when assembled at such Meeting, shall proceed todiffmguish and ascertain the valued Relit of the different Parishes within the County or Stewartry, and apportion the Number of Men to be raised for each County or Stewartry upon the several Fanllies, according to the Proportion which the Valuation of such Parish bears to the total Valuation of the County; ants the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn till the Duty incumbent on them by this Act is fully discharged, (0 as such Adjournment shall only be from Day to D Sundays excepted. '

IV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after making such Apportionment in each Shire or Stewartry, the Justices of the Peace in and for the same shall cause their Clerk to transmit to the Ministers of

prehended within the Royal Burghs

Qi

vice after receiving the fafhe, requiring the Heritors of the Parish to meet, by themselves or Agents, with n five Days from the Time of the intimation being so made at the Parish Church or Manse of the said Parish; and the Heritors, or their said Agents, shall meet accordingly, and at such Meeting shall direct such Measures to be taken as to them shall seem most expedient to procure the Number of Men apportioned on the Parish, by the Payment of Bounty Money, and to have the Men procured delivered over to the Regulating Officer appointed to pass and receive them, within ten Days after the Meeting; and in case the said Number of Days shall elapse withouc the Quota of \Ien apportioned upon the Parish being produced, delivered over, and passed, then the Heritors of such Parish shall be liable, in the fuss Inffance, to pay unto the Collector of the Cess for the County or Stewartry within which the Parish is situated,a Sum of Money equal to twenty-five Pounds Sterling for each Man of the Quota required from the Parish deficient, such Deficiency being certified under the Hand of the Regulating Officer of the Diffiicl, and Conies of his Certificate delivered to the Minister of the Parish, and to the Clerk of the Peace for the Shire or Stewartry in which the Parish is situated; and in case the said Heritors shall fail to make such Payment within the Time above mentioned, then the Justices of the Peace of the County or Stewartry shall immediately assess the Parish in the Sum due for its Deficiency at the Rate aforesaid, according to the valued Relit of the Parish, ascertained by them in Manner aforesaid, and shall order the Collector of the Land Tax for such County or Stewartry, and he is hereby authorized and required, without Loss of Time; to recover the same from the Heritors of such Parish, in the same Manner, and by the same Means, as he is empowered by Law to recover and render the Land 'Pax effectual.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bounty Monies to Men procured by the Heritors of the several Parishes shall, in the lirff Place, be provided and paid by the said Heritors, and an Account kept thereof, and at the Elapse of the Time before mentioned, when the Sum of twenty-five Pounds for each Man then deficient is appointed to be recovered and paid as aforesaid, in order to defray the Expence of the Bounties to be given to the said Men, it shall be lawful to the Heritors in the said Parishes, or such of them as have advanced the Bouqty Monies, or to any Person authorized by them, to raise a Sum eciual to the Whole of the Money so ad>anced and paid by them upon the Parish, agreeably to the Act of the Parliament of Scotland which was passed in the Reign of Charles the Second, in the Year one thousand six hundred and fivty-three. Chapter sixteen, and the Proclamations of the Privy Council of Scotland in the Reign of King IVuliam, ratified by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, which was passed in the same Reign, first September one thousand six hundred and ninety eight. Chapter twenty-first.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Case aforesaid of the Number of Men allotted to any Parish not being raised and delivered over as above directed within the Time before limited, and the Sum of twenty-five Pounds for each deficient Man being raised from the Heritors as before directed, then the Heritors paying shall be, ayd they are hereby authorized to assess the Tenants, Inhabitants, and

Possessors

Admiralty to appoint Ofiicen to regulate the Admission of Men.

Clerks of the Peace to fumr mon a General Strflion of the Justices.

Session to ascertain the Rem of Parishes, and apportion the Number of Men to be raised lor each County.

Justices to cause their Clerks to transmit to MI-nirters an Intimation to be read from the Pulpit, requiring Heritors to meet to di-red Measures for procuring Men, &c. Heritors to pay 25 I. for each Man deficient oCQuota, &c.;

and if not paid, the Justices to assess the Pariftu for De ficiencies, Sec

Bounties to be p tid by the Heritors, who ma/ raise the Amount on the Parishes agreeable to- Act 1663, Cap. 16, &c.

Heritors paying for deficient Men ma/ assess Inhabitants, Arc, in a Moiety of tho Sum.

70

Assessments may be recovered by Distress.

Where there is no Evidence of the Relit of Lands, AfftflT-mems-to be made according to the Land Tax j and where there are no a&-ing Justices, the Justices may add together two or more l’arishes for raising Men,

Sec.

The Charge for raising Mtn ina Parish lying in two Counties to be made in that where the Church is Situated, &c.

Penalty on Regulating Officer and Procurator Fiscal for Ncg-Icft.

Orders of Sheriffs, &c. final.

Magistrates within a limited Time to take Measures for levying Men, and maytlevy Mon:y to pay Bounties.

If the Complement of Men is

nor raised within a limited Time, the Magistrates to affels the Heritors and Inhabitants lor tile Deficiency.

ft

C. 29. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Possessors of such Parish, in a Moiety of the Sum so paid, to be levied in the same Manner as they are empowered to do by the a fore said Acts of the Parliament of Scotland.

VII. And be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or delay to pay his, her, or their Proportion of the Sum or Sums so assessed or imposed, within the Time appointed for Payment thereof, the same shall, upon a Complaint to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute of the Shire or Stewartry, or his Substitute, by the Procurator Fiscal of the County or Stewartry, be recovered and rendered effectual by Distress and Sale of the Effects of the Person or Persons refusing or delaying fb to pay.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where there is not sufficient Evidence of the valued Relit of Lands, the Apportionments and Assessments hereby directed shall be made according to the customary Payment of the Cess or Land Tax, or in such other Way as to the Justices of the Peace of each Shire or Stewartry, assembled as aforesaid, shall seem best; and in case there be no acting Justice of the Peace within any District, the Duty and Powers by this Act made incumbent on or given to the Justices shall be performed and exercised by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute for such District, and the Duties of the Clerk of the Peace by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, or his Deputies.

Sheriff Depute to act, &c.

;s to add

____, *- Wm umber of

Men in pursuance of this Act, so as to make the Charge as equal, and impartial, and convenient as possible; and the Hertford of the Parishes so added together, or their Agents, shall proceed to raise the Proportion of Men allotted for the same, and to raise the Money necessary; and all the other Proceedings directed by this Act shall take place in like Manner as if the Parishes so joined did originally or by Law form but one Parish; and the Justices shall, in the Case of such Junction, direct where the Heritors of the Parishes joined shall n -:et; and the said Heritors are hereby directed and required to meet at the Place so appointed accordingly, by themselves or their Agents.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish lies in two or more Counties or Stewartries, the Charge imposed on such Parish for raising Men for his Majesty's Service by this Act shall be in the Shire or Stewartry where the Church belonging to such Parish is situated, and the Whole of such Parish shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed Part of the said Shire or Stewartry, and all the Money to be levied for or in respect of such Parish, in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid to and recovered by the Officers of the same.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Regulating Officer shall fail to make his Certificate, and to cause Copies thereof to be delivered as herein-before directed, he shall for every such Failure be liable in the Penalty of thirty-one Pounds ten Shillings, to be recovered by summary Complaint made by the Procurator Fiscal of the County or Stewartry to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute; and in case the Procurator Fiscal shall fail in his Duty in any of the Articles before-mentioned, then he shall be liable in a Penalty of thirty-one Pounds ten Shillings for each Failure, to be recovered by a summary Complaint to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute by the Regulating Officer, the Collector of the Land Tax, or any Heritor of the Parish.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Orders or Decrees of the Sheriffs or Stewarts Depute, and of the Justices of the Peace in any of the Cases before mentioned, and in all Proceedings held under this Act, shall be final and conclusive as to all Parties, and shall not be removable by Bill of Suspension, Advocation, or any other Form or Process of Law, into any superior or other Court whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrates of the several Cities,

Royal Burghs, and Towns, in this Act mentioned, except the Burghs and Towns to the Northward of Inverness, shall within ten Days after the naffing of this Act, and the Magistrates of the several Burghs and Towns in this Act mentioned, situated North of Inverness, shall, within twenty-five Days after passing of the same, or sooner if it can be done, take such Measures as shall seem to them most expedient for levying the Number of able-bodied Men, according to the Proportions herein-before allotted for each of the said Cities, Royal Burghs, and Towns; and they shall be, and they are hereby authorized to levy from the Heritors, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of such Cities, Burghs, and Towns, a Sum not exceeding twenty-five " - :td,

by

1

Magistrates neglecting to

the same Proportions, as the Cess, Stent, and other Public Burdens and Contributions are in Use and by Law assessed and levied in such Cities, Burghs, and Towns respectively; and the Men so levied shall be delivered over by the said Magistrates to the Regulating Officer appointed to act for that Place in Manner aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case the Magistrates of any of the said Cities, Royal Burghs, or Towns, shall not have raised its full Complement of Men accepted of by the Regulating Officer within fifteen Days after they are herein-before directed to take Measures for that End, then the said Magistrates shall ftent and assess the Heritors and Inhabitants in a Sum equal to twenty-five Pounds for each Man deficient, and shall levy the Sum so assessed in the same Manner, and according to the same Proportions, that the Cefc and other Public Contributions are in LTfe to be levied by Law in such City, Burgh, or 1 own, and the said Sum shall be paid to the Collector of the Cess for such City, Burgh, or Town, or where there is no Collector of the Cess for such City, Burgh, or Town, then to the Collector of the Cess for the Shire or Stewartry within which such City, Burgh, or Town is situated, to answerand pay the Bounty Money given to Men levied to supply the Deficiency, until the whole Number allotted lor such City, Burgh, or 1 own shall be completed.

XV. And be it enacted, That in case the Magistrates of any of the said Cities, Burghs, or Towns, shall neglect or refuse to alibis and ftent the Heritors and Inhabitants thereof for the Sums of Money for which

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29.

such City, Burgh, or Town, may be liable in case of Deficiency as aforesaid. or to levy, apply, and pay over the Ume in Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, then the Magistrates of inch City, Burgh, or Town, making Default, shall be personally liable in a Penalty equal to the Sum deficient, to be recovered by luminary Complaint to the Sheriff Depute, at the Instance of the Procurator P ifeal of the Sheriff Court, within the Jurisdiction whereof such City, Burgh, or Town, making Default, is situated; and the Sums so recovered shall be paid over and applicable in the same Way that the Sums are by this Act directed to be applied in the Case of the Magistrates levying the same from the Heritors and Inhabitants.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where Parishes are partly Landward and partly within Burgh, the Landward Part of the Parish shall be considered as Part of the Shire or Stewartry liable for its Proportion of the Men allotted by this Act to be raised in or for the same, and the Part within Burgh shall be included in the Allotment for the Burgh. Shire; and the Parts within the Burgh,

71

make Assessments for Deficiencies, to be personally liable, &c.

The Landward Part of Parishes to be deemed Part of the Part of the same.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or any Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Substitute, or Chief Magistrate resident in any City, Burgh, or Town, in this Act mentioned, before whom any Person shall be brought to be examined touching his Consent to enter into his Majesty's Service, to diredi that any Sum* not exceeding one third Part of the Bounty agreed to be paid to him on his engaging to serve, shall be advanced to such Person, or to such of his Family, and in such Proportions, as he shall request at the Time of his Inrolment herein after mentioned; and that the Re-lidue of such Bounty shall be paid into the Hands of the Collector of the Cess for the Shire or Stewartry, Burgh or Town, to which the said Person belongs, or for which he is inlisted, there to remain until the fane shall become payable to such Person, on his being mustered on board any of his Majesty's Ships of

Justices, &c. may direct a Third of Bounties to be advanced to Volunteers, on the.r being brought for Examination j and the Residue to remain in the Hands of the Collector of the Cess, till they are mustered on board*

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall agree to enter himself as a Volunteer in such Service as aforesaid, shall be produced before the Officer or Officers appointed to regulate such Service at the nearest Place ot Rendezvous to any Parish or Place for which such Volunteer shall agree to serve; and in case such Officer or Officers shall, on Examination, approve of such Volunteer to serve his Majesty, then such Volunteer or Volunteers may forthwith be brought before any such Justice. Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or Chief Magistrate, resident as aforesaid, acting in and for the Parish or Place; and in case it shall appear ta such Justice, Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or Magistrate, that such Person or Persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in the Service of his Majesty's Navy, then they are hereby required forthwith to certify under their Hands that such Person or Persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in the Service of his Majesty's Navy, and at the Foot of such Certificate enter the Amount of the Sums to be paid as Bounty or Bounties to such Volunteer or Volunteers, on his or their entering into such Service, and the Sums (if any) which have been directed to be advanced to him or them at the Time of his or their Inrolment; and which Certificates shall be delivered to such Regulating Officer, and he shall thereupon cause such Person or Persons to be inrolled in his Majesty's Naval Service.

XIX. And be it enacted, That in case the Regulating Officer at the neared Place of Rendezvous aforesaid shall rtjedl any Person or Persons produced before him as such Volunteer or Volunteers as unfit to serve his Majesty, and the Heritors of any Parish, or Magistrates of any Burgh or Town, for which such Person or Persons shall have been tendered to serve, shall think themselves aggrieved by the Rejection, it shall and may be lawful for any one of such Heritors or Magistrates to apply by summary Complaint to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Substitute, of the Shire or Stewartry, who shall cause the said Complaint to be served on the said Regulating Officer or Officers, directing him to answer the same within a Time to be limited, not exceeding six Days, and he or they, on receiving such Notice, shall, and they are hereby required, before the Time of hearing the Matter of the said Complaint, to set down his Reasons in Writing for such Rejection, and such Writing being exhibited to the Sheriff or Stewart Deputes, or their Substitute, they shall do therein what shall seem to them in their Discretion expedient, and their Order shall be final and conclusive.

Volunteers to be brought before the nearest Regulating Officer, and, if approved, before a Justice, &c. who shall certify their entering, Scc.

When Certificates are delivered, Volunteers are to be inrolled.

If Regulating Officers reject Volunteers, the Heritors or Magistrates

may apply to the Sheriff Depute, &c.

Regulating Officer, to write his Reasons for Rcje&ion.

Sheriff’s Order firai.

XX. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where Default shall be made in procuring and delivering Men by the Heritors or Magistrates as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, having Authority under his Majesty to provide Men for the Service of the Navy, to produce any Person or Persons, Substitute or Substitutes, or for any such Person or Persons voluntarily to come before any Justice of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Substitute, or Chief Magistrate resident of the County, District, or Place’ respectively for which they are produced or come, and be examined as to their Consent to serve in his Majesty's Navy, as Substitutes for such Parishes or Places respectively, and who shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to settle the Bounty or Bounties to be paid for such Substitutes; and such Justices shall, in case any such Persons shall be approved of by the Regulating Officer as aforesaid, certify such Content and Approbation, and the Bounties agreed to be paid, in the Manner herein-before directed with ref; to Volunteers; and the said Justices shall thereupon make an Order upon the Collector of the Cess ter the Shire or Stewartry, or Burgh or Town, for which such Substitute is inrolled, to pay the Bounty Monty out of the Money in the Hands of such Collector, arising from the Assessments made so^ and in the Parish or Place for which such Substitute or Substitutes is or are admitted.

If Men are rot procured by the Heriters or Magistrates, Persons authorized byTiis Majesty may produce Substitutes, or Volunteers may offer themfilvcs as such to any Justice, &c. who shall fittle the Bounty, certify Consent, S:c. and order the Colletf or of the Cess to pay the Bounty.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every such Certificate so granted, or a full and true Copy thereof, signed Certificates or by the Regulating Officer, shall in all Cases be transmitted along ft with the Person inrolled, and delivered to CoPi.cs to be cue Commanding Officer u the Ship or Ydlcl on board which such Person shall be entered tolerve, and

-, with the IVr-luta foils iniolltd to

72

C. 29

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

the Commanding Officer of the Ship, who shall make out a Ticket for the Bounty due,

&c.

Disqualified Persons not to be inrolled.

such Commanding Officer shall, within four Days from the Time of such Person being muflered and rated on board such Ship, or before such Ship of Vessel shall proceed to Sea, make out a Ticket or Tickets for the Payment of the Bounty Money agreed to be paid to such Person, and then remaining due, in such Manner as if such Money had become due to such Person on Account of Arrears of Wages as a Seaman on board such Ship or Vessel, and such Bounty Money shall and may be paid to such Person, or to his Family, in the Manner directed by the Acts regulating the Payment of the Wages of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, the Money being paid by the Collector of the Cess for the particular Shire, Stewartry, or Burgh or Town.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be received or inrolled in his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act, who is not, in the Opinion of the Regulating Officer or Officers, such an able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Ruptures, and every other Distemper or Infirmity which may render him unfit to perform his Duty in the Navy; or who, in the Opinion of such Officer or Officers, shall appear to be under the Age of sixteen Years, or above the Age of Forty-five Years; nor any Person being an articled Clerk or Apprentice (unless with the Consent of the Mailer of such Clerk or Apprentice); nor any Person inlisted in any of his Majesty's Forces, or already entered in his Majesty's Navy; nor any Deserter: Provided that no Person inrolled by virtue of this Act shall by reason of any such Disqualification, as being a Clerk, or Apprentice, or entitled, or entered, or being a Deserter, be liable to be discharged from his Majesty's Service, or taken out of the same, unless Notice in Writing of such Disqualification shall be given to the Officer or Officers under whole Command such Person shall be, before the Time of his entering on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War as a Sailor, and before the Bounty hereby authorized to be paid, or any Part thereof, shall have been paid or satisfied to him.

But no such Person if inrolled shall be discharged as being an articled Clerk,

See. unless Notice of his Disqualification

be given before his entering on board, or receiving his Bounty.

Laws *gai»fl Deserters, See to extend to Persons inrolled.

Men inrolled miy be billetted as the Marines.

Expences of executing this Act to be defrayed by the respective Counties, &c.

Collectors of the Land Tax may advance Bounties.

Persons receiving Money under this Act to be liable as Public Accountants. Surplus to be at the Disposal of the Tuafury, &c.

Regulating Officer may intimate to Clerks of the Peace, and Chief Magistrates, when and where he v/iil be ready to receive Men.

-Clerks of the Peace to give Notice of the same to the Minister, when the Volunteer*

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all the Laws and Regulations established against Deserters from his Majesty's Naval Service, and against Persons harbouring or concealing Deserters, shall attach upon and be construed to comprehend the Cases of Persons inrolled by virtue of this Act.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter and billet the Men inrolled in his Majesty's Service, by virtue of this Act, while on Shore, in such Manner, and at such Times and Places respectively, and under such and the like Towers, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, as his Majesty's Marine Forces may be quartered and billetted by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, or by any other Act in force for the Regulation of his Majesty's said Marine Forces.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Expences incurred in the Execution of this Act, (including such Gratifications for the Trouble of the Clerks of the Peace, and other Officers, who are respectively required to execute this Act, as shall be deemed adequate for their Trouble by the Justices of the Peace or Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or resident Chief Magistrate as aforesaid,) shall be defrayed by the several Counties, Stewartries, Burghs, and Towns, severally; and the Collectors of the Land Tax in the several Counties, Stewartries, and Burghs, are hereby empowered to assess and levy the said Expence along with the Land 'Fax, according to the Rules and Proportions herein-before mentioned.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be actually recovered and paid in to the several Collectors, that the respective Collectors of the Land Tax, out of the public Money in their Hands, shall, and are hereby authorized and required to advance and pay such Sums as may be necessary for Payment of Bounties to such Persons as shall be approved of by the Regulating Officers.

XXVII. And be it further enKIed, That the Collectors of the Cess in the several Counties, Stewartries, Burghs, and Towns, herein-before mentioned, and all other Persons into whose Hands Money raised or contributed under or in pursuance of this Act shall be paid, shall be liable for the same as Public Accountants; and all Surplus Money remaining, after satisfying the Purposes of this Act, shall be at the Disposal of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, to be applied in providing Men for the Augmentation of his Majesty's Navy, in such Manner as in their Discretion shall seem expedient; and the said Collectors and Receivers shall transmit an Account of such Surplus Money to his Majesty's Treasury accordingly, within thirty Days after such Surplus shall arise, and the usual Process shall and may ifiiie for

compelling an Account and Payment thereof.

XXVIII. And whereas the Regulating Officer appointed to receive and pass the Men as above-men-ticned may not be able to go through the Examination of such Men at the different Places of Rendezvous within his District, in the Space of ten Days after the Meeting of the Heritors for the Purposes above-mentioned; be it enacted, That such Regulating Officer may intimate to the Clerks of the Peace of each County or Stewartry, and Chief Rdiding Magistrate of each Burgh or Town situateJ with his District, that he will be ready to receive such Men as they may have procured, at such particular Place of Rendezvous, and on such several successive Days, as he may find absolutely necessary, to enable him to travel without Lois of %‘ime, and with all suitable Dispatch, from one Place of Rendezvous to another, in the several Counties, Burghs, and Towns, within his District; and the Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith give Notice to the Minister of each Parish within the County, or, in his Absence, to the Precentor or Session Clerk of the same, of the Place of Rendezvous, and the particular Day on which the Heritors of such Parish are respectively to produce and deliver over such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, or in Default thereof to be liable in the Penalty of twenty-five Pounds Sterling above-mentioned for each Man of their Quota

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

deficient, to be levied, recovered, and applied, as herein directed; and the Chief Resident Magistrate of each are to be pro-Burgh or Town is in like Manner to produce and deliver over at such Place of Rendezvous, on such Day by the

a> the Regulating Officer shall notify, such Volunteer or Volunteers apportioned on each, or in Default J-Y ^be paid thereof to be liable as aforesaid in the Penalty of twenty-five Pounds for each Man deficient, to be levied, for each Man recovered, and applied, as herein directed. deficient.

Chief Magistrates to be liable in 25L for each Man not produced.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing lone in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months after the

Fact committed, and not afterwards. -

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Limitation of Actions.

A

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper* and for repealing a certain Exception as for as relates to Bonds given as Security for the Payment of one hundred Pounds or under, contained in an Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

[28th April 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc- cafioned by any Loan to be made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned ;’ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conlenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and far the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several new and additional Stamp Duties following that is to say,

From July

the following additional Duties to be paid:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Affidavit shall be ingroiled, written, or printed, for which the Stamp Duty of six Pence is payable by virtue of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, there shall be charged the additional Stamp Duty of six Pence:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Copy of such Affidavit as is before charged, that shall be filed or read in any Court, shall be ingross', written, or printed, there shall be charged the additional Stamp Duty of six Pence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-grofled, written, or printed, any Deposition or Depositions of a Witness or Witnesses, taken in any Cause or Suit before the Court of Sessions, or Commission of Fiends, or Court of Admiralty in Scotland, or CommifLry Court of Edinburgh, or in any Civil Cause before any inferior Court in Scotland, or whereupon any Affidavit or written Deposition, produced in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of six Pence:

For every Skm or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any original Writ, (except such Original upon which a Writ of Capias iifucs,) Subpoena, Bill of Middlesex. Latitat, Writ of Capias, Quommus, Writ of Dedimus Potejlatem to take Answers, examine Witnesses, or appoint Guardians, or any other Writ whatsoever, or any other Process or Mandate that shall issue out or pass the Great Seals of any of the Courts at Westminster, Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, Courts in the Counties Palatine, or any other Court whatsoever holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings, or above, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value, (Writs of Covenant for levying Fines, Writs of Entry for fullering Common Recoveries, and Writs of Habeas Corpus, always excepted,) there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of one Shilling: F or every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Agreement shall be ingrossed, written, or primed, for which the Stamp Duty of six Shillings is payable by virtue of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of one Shilling:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be r-g!oiled, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, for which a Sump Duty of one Shilling is payable by virtue of an Act, made in the twenty-third 'tear of the Reign of his present Majesty, there Itiall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of one Shilling:

And for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingroiled, writ en, or printed, any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administrarion, for any Estate of or a - ne t;,c Value of one thousand Pounds, over and above all other Rates and Duties already imposed thereon, there shall be charged a further additional Duty of two Pounds and ten Shillings and where the

Affidavits for which 6d. is payable by Act 32 Geo. II. 6d.

Copies of such Affidavits read in Court, 6d.

Depositions taken before the Courts of Sessions, &c. 6d.

Original Writs (except where a Writ of Capias issues) Subpoena, &c. 1 s.

Agreement for which 6s. are

payable by Act 23 Geo. III. i s.

Indentures, Arc.

for which i s. is payable by Act 23 Geo. III. 1 s.

Additional Duties on Probates ot Wj.ls, or Letter of Ad-miiUtration.

Duties to be under the Management of Commissioners of Stamps.

a] Geo. III. Cap. 58, recited.

Exemption in recited Act of Bonds, as far as relates to Bonds for tool, and under, repealed.

Persons counterfeiting Stamps, &c. to suffer Death.

Power of former Acts, not hereby altered, to extend to this Act.

Duties to be paid to the Receiver General of Stamps, Sic.

Duties to be applied in defraying any increase! Charge occnfror.cd by any luu of this Stilion.

C. 30. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Estate is of or above the Value of two thousand Pounds, a further additional Duty of two Pounds and ten Shillings; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of five thousand Pounds, a further additional Duty of five Pounds; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of ten thousand Pounds, a further additional Duty of ten Pounds.

II. And be it further ena£! by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying, all the said Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamjicd Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose; and, in order to denote the Duties payable by virtue of this Act, whenever they fee Occasion, to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, or one new Stamp to denote the former Duties, and also the Duties granted by this Act;

to alter or renew the same respectively from Time to Time, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this A<5! in Execution, with relation to the said several Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner, as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

III. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional and new Duties upon Stamped folium. Parch- ment, and Paper; and also for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties; it was enacted, That,

from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there should be raised,

levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following; that is to say, For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain,

any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, for which a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and six Pence is payable by virtue of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (except Bonds given as Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money,) there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of one Shilling Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, the said Exception, as far as the same relates to Bonds given as Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to one hundred Pounds, or any less Sum, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp to resemble any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impreftion of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to any Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of the said Duties; then every Person fooffending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall differ Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, (and not hereby altered,) shall (as far as the same are applicable) be of full Force and Effect with relation to the additional Duries hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing, the said additional Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with elation to the said additional Duties.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the several Duties hereby granted or made payable, shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the same, the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted, into the Receipt of the Exchequer at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid, and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated F'und.

VII. Provided always, and be it further cna£!, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Rates or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to b°. passed in this Section ol Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Ih ill at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Ctaufc, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons shall

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31.

or may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant (Jr Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefmt Majesty, to Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, Wherries, Smacks, or Yawls of any Built whatever; for amending an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefenc Majesty, more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs; for amending an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect tootle bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, and for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise at Edinburgh to grant Licences to Manufactureers and Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise at Edinburgh.

[28th April 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making more effectual an Act, made in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom it is *enabled, That every Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, or Yawl, belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of his Majesty's Subjects, of the Built in the said recited Act particularly described, which should be found or discovered to have been within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within the Distance of four Leagues from the Coast thereof, or within the Distance therein particularly specified, should be forfeited, together with all the Goods la<jen thereon, and all her Guns, Tackle, and Furniture: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be extended to every Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, or Yawl, belonging in the Whole or in Part to his Majesty's Subjects, of any Built whatsoever:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisions of the said Act shall extend, and are hereby declared to extend, to every Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, or Yawl, belonging in the Whole or in Part to his Majesty's Subjects, of any Built whatsoever the same may be.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine; and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs \ the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs and Excise in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland ior the Time being, or any three or more of them, are authorized and required respectively, out of any Monies in their Hands arising from his Majesty's Share of Seizures, to reward any Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise who shall seize any Vessel or Boat which by Law shall be liable to be broken up after Condemnation, and shall not be used in his Majesty's Service, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland should be authorized and required to reward Officers of Excise in Scotland making Seizure of Vessels or Boats in like Manner Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Excise in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, out of any Monies in their Hands arising from his Majesty's Share of Seizures, to reward any Officer or Officers of Excise in Scotland who shall seize any Vessel or Boat which by Law shall be liable to be broken up after Condemnation, and shall not be used in his Majesty's Service, in such Manner and Form, and to the same Extent, and with the like Sums of Money, as in and by the said recited Act are provided, authorized, and required to be done by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Excise in En?bnd*

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prices, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom \ it is among other Things enacted, That any Prize Goods which should be received into any Warehouse in pursuance of the said Act, or which were then remaining in any Ware- house in this Kingdom where they had been secured under the King’s Locks by the Permission of the Commissioners of the Customs, should and might, upon Payment of the respective Duties before directed by the said Act, be exported at any Time directly from thence, either by the Captors or their Agents, or by any other Person or Persons, without paying any further Duty of Customs or Excise for the same, the Pei fen or Persons exporting the same giving sufficient Security in Double the Value of the Goods tefore tae Delivery thereof out of the Warehouse that the same should be really and truly exported, and not brought back again or relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or landed in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or Many or the Islands of Faro or Ferro, which Security the Customer or Collector of the Port from whence the same were intended to be exported was thereby required and authorized to take in his Majesty’&Name and to his Majesty's Use: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Security directed to

75

[General Issue.]

Treble Cost

34 Geo. III. Cap. 50, recited.

Provisions of recited Act to extend to Cutters, Sec of any Built.

a8 Geo. III. Cap. 34, recited.

Commissioners 01 Excise-in Scotland may reward their Officers as the Commissioners of Excise in England are authorized by last recitid Act.

33 Geo. III. Cap. 34, recited;

76

C. 32

34-

tricesimo

A.D. 1795.

and Security thereby required not to rcland captured Goods in Creat Pri; am, &c. extended to Alderney.

29 Geo 111. Cap. 68.

be given determined by the said recited Act to the Island of Alderney, and to require Security in like Manner that such Goods shall not be landed in the Island of Alderneylie it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Security required to be given by the said recited Act shall be, and is hereby directed to be extended to the Island of Alderney, in like Manner as by the said recited Act it is extended to the Islands therein mentioned, and that Security shall be given in Double the Value of the Goods intended to be exported in pursuance of the said recited Act, that the same shall not be landed in the said Island of Alderney,

IV. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuffs and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof Power is given to the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or any two or more of them, to grant Licences to authorize Persons to manufacture Tobacco or Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco or Snuff, within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh: And whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners of Excile should have Authority to grant such Licences within and throughout the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise at Edinburgh: Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons to manufacture Tobacco or Snuff, or Office of Excise at Edinburgh, or any Part thereof, after the passing of this Act, shall be granted by such Commissioners, and no other Persons whatever, and in such Manner and under the like Perms, Conditions, and Payments, as Licences to authorize any Persons to manufacture Tobacco or Snuff, or deal in Tobacco or Snuff, within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, may be granted by virtue of the said recited Act.

Licence* to manufacture or deal in Tobacco or Snuff, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh to be granted by- the Commissioners of Excise.

tnrougnout the limits os me vmiei unite 01 nxciie at

1 Licences which shall be taken out by any Person or deal in Tobacco or Snuff, within the Limits of the Chief

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills.

[28th April 1795.]

<4 Navy or Victualling Bills made out before Sept, 30, 1793, with Interest to March 10, 1795, marked thereon at the respective Offices, carried to the Navy Office by May 1, to be exchanged for Certificates to the Banfc, entitling to 108l. Stock per 100l. Holders of such Bills may deliver them to be so marked. 44 Interest on Bills to be marked upon them, before Delivery at the Navy Office. Treasurer of the Navy 'L40 receive such Bills, mark, and cancel them, and make forth Certificates. Such Certificates to entitle to an Annuity of 5 /. per Dent, per Ann, from Jan, 1, 1795, which shall be Personal Estate, and free from Taxes. Annuities payable out of the Consolidated P und, and irredeemable, till 25,000,000 of the 41 3l. or 4/ f/er Cents, be paid off. Treasurer of the Navy to give a Certificate for the Amount of such Bills and Interest, which may be affigr. before Aug, 29, 1795, and shall be free from Stamp Duties. 44 Guardians may deliver up Bills for Benefit of Infants. Executors, &c. may deliver up Bills in their Possession in Trust, &c. Bank to receive Certificates, and give Credit for 108l. Principal, for every 44 100l. therein, which may be transferred, &c. Bank to appoint an Accountant General. Treasury to order Money to be issued at the Exchequer, for Payment of Annuities. Cashier to pay the same without Delay. Accountant General to examine the Cashiers Accounts. Annuities to be added to the 5l. per

Cents, established by 24 Geo. III. Sess. 2, Cap. 39, 25 Geo. III. Cap. 32. and 34 Geo. III. Cap. 21.

Book to be kept for entering Transfers. Annuities may be devised. Bank to continue a Corporation till Annuities are redeemed. Penalty for taking Fees for marking Bills, fife. Treasury may reward Persons employed in the Execution of this Act. General Issue. Treble Costs."

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in thht Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the 25th Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five.

[28th April 1795.]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for enabling the Magistrates, in the several Counties of Great Britain, to raise and levy, under certain Regulations, such able-bodied and idle Persons as shall be found within the said Counties, to serve in His Majesty's Navy.

[28th April 1795.]

After the passing of this Act the Levy

of Men to be made.

Ju ft ices, Mayors, &c. to put this Act in Execution.

WHEREAS it is necessary that a Supply of Men be forthwith raised in the most fneedy and effectual Manner, within Great Britain, for the Service of the Navy ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, within and throughout the several and respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Liberties, Parishes, Towns, and Places of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual Levy of able-bodied Men, within the Descriptions herein after mentioned, to serve his Majesty in the Navy, shall be forthwith made and pur in Execution, according to the Rules and Directions of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace of every County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, and the Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Magistrates, of every City, Borough, Town, Cinque Port, Liberty, or Place, within and throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, ftp lb" and they are hereby authorized to put in Execution this Act, within the Limits of their respective

77

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34.

Jurisdictions; and they are hereby fhidlly enjoined and required to use their utmost Care and Diligence that his Majesty's Service, in making such Levies, be not ne^ledled or d:fappoir.ted.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to constitute and appoint lo many Officers to regulate the Admission of Men, to be levied under the Authority of this Act, for his Majesty's Service, as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary, with Power and Authority to act in and for such of the said Districts in this Act mentioned as the said Commissioners shall deem expedient and shall appoint; who being so appointed, shall have Authority to examine every Man intended to be entered in such Service, and full Power of approving all such Men, or, for just Cause to be alledged, of rejecting them, or any of them, and shall attend the Meetings of the several Justices of the Peace and Magistrates aforesaid, assembled for the Purpose of putting this Act in Execution, or at such Places respectively as shall be deemed most convenient for carrying this Act into Execution*

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within thirty Days after the passing of this Act, the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk of every County, Riding, or Division in England, and the Sheriff Depute or Stewart Clerk of every Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, and the Cle> k of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer of every City, Borough, Town, Cinque Port, Liberty, or Place in Great Britain, having Magistrates of itself, shall, by the Direction of any one of the said Justices, Mayors, Bailiffs, or other Magistrates, within their respective Jurisdictions, give Notice of the Time and Place when and where the respective Justices of the Peace, or other Magistrates aforesaid, shall first assemble in their respective Districts, to put this Act into Execution, by publishing the same in some Newspaper usually circulated within the Jurisdictions of such Justices or other Magistrates respectively; and the Justices of the Peace acting in and for any County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, shall, pursuant to such Notice, assemble themselves in their Subdivisions, and in such Districts in which Justices have usually held Petty Sessions; and the Mayors, Bailiffs, or other Magistrates of any City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, Liberty, or Place, shall also assemble themselves within their respective jurisdictions in like Manner;

and such Justices and Magistrates respectively shall have Power to adjourn from Time to Time as they shall find convenient; and the said respective Justices and Magistrates, at the first Petty Sessions to be held by virtue of this Act, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall issue their respective Precepts to the High Constables, Headboroughs, or other proper Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Subdivisions, within the said Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, or Stewartries, and to the Officers of the respective Wards, Constableries, and Districts, within the said Cities, Boroughs, Towns,

Cinque Ports, Liberties, or Places, requiring their Attendance at the next succeeding Sessions, which Pre-

1

such first Meetings, shall also give Notice of the respective Places appointed for holding such Sessions to the

cepts shall contain ah Account of the be returnable on a Dav therein to be named

ime and Place appointed for the next succeeding Sessions, and shall and the said Justices and Magistrates aforesaid, assembled at

Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, and shall from Time to Time cause to be affixed in some conspicuous Part of every House or Place of holding any such Sessions, the Time of holding the next succeeding Sessions, twenty-four Hours at lead before the Time of holding the same, whereof the respective Officers to be appointed by the said Commissioners of the Admiralty to attend this Service are required to take Notice; and such Justices and other Magistrates may appoint a Clerk to attend their Meetings, and transact such Business as shall belong to such Clerks, by virtue of this Act, who shall respectively, as a Reward for his Labour and Pains in the Execution of this Act, receive from the Officer appointed to enter Men under this Act, for every Man so entered, the Sum of two Shillings to be paid by the respective Officers who shall receive such entered Men.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace and other Magistrates aforesaid shall and they are hereby authorized and required to levy and cause to be levied to serve his Majesty, in the Navy of Great Britain, all able-bodied, idle, and disorderly Persons, who cannot upon Examination prove themselves to exercise and industriously follow some lawful Trade or Employment, or to have some Substance sufficient for their Support and Maintenance.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices and other Magistrates aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to raise and levy, or cause to be raised and levied, to serve specified for the railing acd levy Men who shall have offended against any Law in force at the Time of passing this Act, by virtue whereof tncy shall be or be liable to be deemed or adjudged to be idle and disorderly Persons, or Rogues and Vagabonds, or incorrigible Rogues, and punishable as such idle and disorderly Persons, or Rogues and Vagabonds, or incorrigible Rogues respectively, and also all Men who shall be adjudged to be guilty of illegal landing, running, unshipping, concealing, receiving, or carrying prohibited Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or any Foreign Goods liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs or Excise, the same Duties not having been paid or secured, or of embezzling any Naval Stores, the Property of his Majesty, or of aiding or assisting in any of the Offences before mentioned; and all such Persons, being thereof convicted by virtue of any former Law nowin force, shall be deemed to be within the Description of this Act, and shall be dealt with according to the Directions of this Act, with respect to Persons exercising and following no lawful Trade or Employment, within the Meaning of this Act, in lieu of such Penalty, or any Punishment, to which such Persons may be liable by any Law now in force.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace or other Magistrates aforesaid, assembled together from Time to Time at a Petty Sessions, within the Limits of their rcfyeclive Jurisdictions, shall, as often as they fee Occasion, or as shall be requisite for the Performance of

hereby respectively authorized and empowered to raise and levy, or cause to his Majesty in the Navy, (according to the Rules and Regulations herein /ying Men who exercise and follow no lawful Trade or Employment,) all

Admiralty to appoint Officers to approve or reject Men.

Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriff! Depute, 6cc. to give Notice of first Meeting of Magistrates, winch may be adjourned.

Justices, &c. to issue Precepts to High Constables, &c. to attend at the succeeding Sessions.

At first Meetings Notice of succeeding Sessions to be given to the Admiralty, &c.

Justices may appoint a Clerk, who shall receive a s. for every Man entered

Justices to levy, to serve in the Navy, Persons who follow no lawful Trade, &c.:

Or Offenders who shall I e deemed idle Persons,

Rogues, or Vagabonds; also Smugglers, EmbuzJers of / Stans,

Justices at Petty Sessions may

issue Search Warrant*

Persons apprehended to be secured, and brought bciore the Petty S< ffions, and it* adjudged to be within the Meaning of this A«5t, and fit for the Navy, they shall be delivered to the Regulating Officer, &c.

Men accepted to be exempt from Penalties for Offences.

None to be admitted but such as are free from Infirmity, and of a certain Age.

Voters not obliged to serve.

Justices to examine Persons, and direct such as shall be judged fit to be delivered to the Officers appointed to receive Men.

Justices may* on Request, appoint further Mtttings, and if they find any Man not within the Description of this Act, they shall certify the same to the Admiralty, who shall cause the Man to be discharged.

C. 34. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

th is his Majesty's iService, issue out their Warrants under their Hands and Seals, thereby requiring and commanding the Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, Overseers of the Poor, or other Peace or Parish Officers of every Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, Parish, Town, and Hamlet, in their several Limits, every or any of them, (and who shall be aided or assisted therein by Efficient Men of the same Places,) to make or cause to be made a general Search throughout their several and respective Limits, for all such Men as they can find, who are, or shall appear to them to be, within any of the Descriptions of this Act, and to convey all such Persons before the Justices or other Magistrates acting in and for such Division or Place, at such Time and Place as shall have been prefixed for their next and subsequent Meeting (and which Time and Place shall be expressed in the said Warrants respectively); and moreover, every such Justice of the Peace, or other Magistrate aforesaid, shall and may, on receiving Information on Oath where any Man or Men, within any of the Descriptions of this Act, is or are to be found within his Jurisdiction, or upon receiving Information upon Oath of any such Offence being committed as is herein-before described, issue his Warrant to any of the Constables or other Officers of such Place, to search for and apprehend such Man or Men, and that all such Men as shall be found and apprehended upon such Searches they shall cause to be secured (in case it shall be necessary) in the Gaol or House of Correction, or other proper Place of Security, of the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town, Cinque Port, Liberty, or Place where such Persons shall be apprehended, and with all convenient Speed brought before the Justices or other Magistrates aforesaid of the same District or Place within which he or they mall have been so apprehended, at the next Petty Sessions to be held after such Search, to be examined, and if the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid shall adjudge the Person or Persons so brought before them to be within any of the Descriptions of this Act, or shall adjudge him or them guilty of any such Offence as aforesaid, and the said Justices or Magistrates, and the Officer or Officers who shall be appointed to regulate this his Majesty's Service, shall judge such Men to be of the Descriptions hereby intended to be entertained as Recruits for the Navy, then and in such Case the said Justices or Magistrates aforesaid shall cause such Persons to be delivered over by the said Constables, or other Peace or Parish Officers aforesaid, to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed to regulate the Admission of Men into the Navy, at such Time and Place as such Officer or Officers shall appoint, such Officer or Officers giving a Receipt under his or their Hands, and paying to such Constables or other Peace or Parish Officers aforesaid, such Sums of Money as are herein directed to be paid in respect of every Man so entered into the Navy; and every Man so delivered to and accepted by such Officer or Officers to serve in his Majesty's Navy shall be, and be deemed to be exempt and discharged from all Penalties or Punishment inflicted for any such Offence by any Law in force at the Time of passing this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be admitted into his Majesty's Service, by virtue of this Act, who is not such an able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Ruptures, and every other Distemper, or bodily Weakness or Infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his Duty in the Navy, nor any Person who, in the Opinion of the Officer or Officers appointed by the said Commissioners of the Admiralty to regulate this Service, shall appear to be under the Age of sixteen Years, or above the Age of fifty Years.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, nor any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, shall not extend to oblige any Person to enter into the Service of tire Navy, who shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Justices or Magistrates before whom such Person shall be produced, that be hath any Vote in the Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, Town, Cinque Port, or Place, within the Kingdom of Great Britain.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid for executing this Act, who shall attend this Service at the Place or Places for examining Men in pursuance of this Act, shall strictly examine the Persons who shall be brought before them by the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, or other Parish or 1 own Officers as aforesaid; anc it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices and Magistrates aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized to administer an Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may require, to each and every Person who shall appear and give Evidence touching any Person so brought before them in pursuance of this Act; and in case the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or the major Part of them then present, upon Examination of the Persons so brought before them, shall find that such Persons shall come within any of the Descriptions herein mentioned, and the Officer or Officers who shall be appointed to receive such Men shall judge them to be fit Persons to be entertained in his Majesty's Naval Service, then and in such Case the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid shall cause such Persons to be delivered over by the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Constables, Head-boroughs, Tithingmen, or other Parish or Town Officers, to such Officers or Persons as shall be appointed to receive such Men as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, who shall have been present at any such Meeting, where any Mao shall have been delivered over as aforesaid, or for the major Part of them, upon the Demand of such Man, or of any other Person on his Behalf, signified to their Clerk, within four Days after such Meeting, and by him to be notified to each of the Justices or Magistrates present as aforesaid, to appoint a further Meeting of the same Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, at which any other Justices or Magistrates may also attend, to be holden within six Days after the making of such Demand, unless the Party appealing shall require a further reasonable Time, and if upon further and more certain Information the Justices or Magistrates, or the major Part of them, at such further Meeting, shall find that such Man was not, at the Time of his being delivered over as aforesaid, within any of the Descriptions of this Act, they are hereby required to certify the same, under their Hands and Seals, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, to be laid before the said Commissioners of the Admiralty, who, on the Receipt of such Certificate, shall cause the Man to be forth-

with

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34.

with discharged; and he Regulating Officer shall, on such Man receiving his Discharge as aforesaid, cause to be paid to him the Sum of one Shilling for each Day he shall have been so detained in the Service as aforesaid, over and above such Subsistence as he may have received, and the Cleric appointed by the Justices or Magistrates shall repay to such Officer (without Fee or other Deduction) the several Sums before paid to him by the said Officer, and shall give back the Receipts taken as above directed in Exchange for a Copy of the said Man's Discharge; and in case no such Discharge shall have been obtained as aforesaid, then the said Clerk shall, after the Expiration of fourteen Days from the Time that such Man was delivered over as aforesaid, pay over, without Fee or Deduction, to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, under the Directions of this Act, the several Sums deposited in his Hands for that Purpose.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any of the Meetings of the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, by this Act appointed, in any of their Subdivisions or Distri&s, they shall not be attended by some proper Officer appointed for the receiving of Min to be entered by virtue of this Act, either through Negligence or unavoidable Accident, then and in that Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid to adjourn themselves to some other convenient Day, and they are hereby authorized to give Directions for detaining in Custody all such Men as shall have been brought before them t>y the Civil or Parish Officers to be examined, or such of them as they shall think duly qualified for his Majesty's Service; and the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid shall give Notice to any of the Regulating Officers attending on this Service, in the District or Place where such Meetings shall be held, of the Day of such Adjournment, and the said Officer is hereby required either to attend himself, or to appoint some other Person to attend such Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, and to receive such Men as the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid shall deem fit for his Majesty's Service; and the Officers for receiving the said Men {half pay to such Person as the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid shall appoint, six Pence ter Diem for the Subsistence of every such Man, from the Day of the last Meeting of the justices or Magistrates aforesaid to the find Day of Adjournment, together with such Charges and Expences as shall appear to the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid to have been incurred on Account of the detaining the said Men from the Day of the former Meeting of the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid to the Day of such second Meeting, not exceeding one Shilling per Diem for each Man so detained.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers, and other Person or Persons appointed to attend the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, and to receive such Men as shall be entered in such Service by virtue of this Act, shall, in case he or they shall find it necessary, detain such Men in (bme secure House or Place which may be provided by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, assembled at their Petty Sessions, in pursuance of any Order or Orders in Writing under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of them for that Purpose; but in case no such House or Place shall be provided, then in the Gaol of the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, Cinque Port, Liberty, or Place, where such Men shall be received into his Majesty's Service, or in the House of Correction, or other public Prison of such County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, Cinque Port, Liberty, or Place, and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive and safely keep such Men until they can be removed (without Fee or Reward); and such Keeper shall be allowed the usual Subsistence of such Men during the Time they remain there, from the Officer determined by whom they shall be delivered as aforesaid; and the Constables, Headboroughs, or other Civil Officers, shall, if required, be 2Oifting to such Officer in conveying such Man or Men to such Gaol, Place, or House of Correction, and shall t>c allowed such reasonable Sum or Sums as the major Part of the Justices or Magistrates present at the Meeting where such Man or Men shall be levied shall appoint to be paid by the Officer or Officers who shall require such Assistance.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or any^two or more of them, to impose upon any Gaoler or Keeper of any House of Correction or Prison, who shall luster any Person committed to his Custody, in pursuance of this Act, to escape, or upon High Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Petty Constable, Headborough, Tithingman, or other Parish or Town Officer, for every wilful Neglect or Default in the Execution of any Warrant, Order, or Precept to them, or any of them, directed in pursuance of this Act, a Fine not exceeding ten Pounds; and to cause every such Fine to be levied by Distress and Sale of the OTender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners, and to pay

the said Fine to the Informer or Informers.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or such of them as shall be present at such Meeting as aforesaid, or any two of them present, shall, and they are hereby required to certify under their Hands that such Person or Persons is or are duly entered into his Majesty's Service, setting forth the Name and Parish or Place of Abode of him or them respectively, if known, and shall deliver such Certificate, together with such Men, to the said Officers or Persons appointed to receive them; and the justices or Magistrates aforesaid shall also forthwith cause an Entry or Memorial to be made, in a Book or Books to be kept by them or their Clerks for that Purpose of the Names of such Men, of the Parishes or Places of their last Abode (if they can be known), and of the Time and Place when and where such Men were delivered to the said Officers or Persons appointed to receive them, and the Names of the Officers or Persons who received them, and shall cause true Copies or Duplicates of such Entries, atrested by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or any two or more of them, within forty Days after the delivering such Men as aforesaid, to be transmitted into the Office of the Admiralty; and every Clerk, for every Neglect or Default in not transmitting the Copy or Duplicate of any such Entry into the Office of the Admiralty as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Use of

79

Regulating Officer to pay 1 s. per Day to Men so discharged, during Detention.

Clerk to repay M rey paid by the Officer, &c.

Justices may adjourn Meetings if Officers do not attend, and may detain Persons brought before them.

Notice of Adjournments to be given the Officer.

Officer to pay 6d. per Diem for every Man for Subsistence to the Day of Adjournment, &c.

Men may be

detained in Places of Security.

Gaolers to receive Men without Fee, and to be allowed the usual Subsistence.

Civil Officers to assist in conveying Men to Gaol, &c.

Justices may fine Gaolers, Constable*, &c. for Negictt.

Justices to deliver Certificates of Lntry of to the Officer receiving the m.

Names of Men, &c. to be entered in a hook, and Copies transmitted to the Admiralty.

Penalty on Clerks for Neglect in trans.nitting such Copies.

8o

C. 34. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

P^fh Officers, to be paid acs. for every Man entered, and Parishes where Men have gained Settlements a Sum on Account of their Wives and Families becoming chargeable, and the Officer 6d. per Diem while Men are in Custody.

Allowances, in case of Dispute, to be settled by the Justices.

Justices may allot Part of Allowances to High Constables.

Clerks to be rewarded as the Treasury shall dtfedt.

Parish Officers not to be allowed Expences in keeping Persons discharged as not within the Descriptions of this Act} but for such as are rejected by the Regulating Officer, to be paid 6d. per Diem.

Officer to specify his Objections to Men, &c. and to transmit to the

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall inform or iue for the same in one of the Courts of Record at Westminster, of Great Sessions in Wales, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Officers who shall receive Men entered into his Majesty's Service, in the Manner herein-before mentioned, shall pay to ^ny Person appointed by the Juffiices or Magistrates aforesaid to receive the same, for the Use of the Officers of the parish or Town lo employed in the railing such Men, for their Pains and Services therein, twenty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain for every Man so entered, and shall also pay for every such Man who shall have a Wife or Family any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid over, as is herein after directed, into the Hands of the Churchwardens s>r Overseers of the Poor, for the Benefit of such Parish or Township in which such Man shall have gained a Settlement, and whose Wife or Famil^may become chargeable to such Parish or Township respectively, which Sum shall be settled by the major Part of the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid present at the Meeting when such Person shall be entered, Regard being had to the Number of Children, or other particular Circumstances of such Person so entered, and shall also pay the Sum of six Pence per Diem for keeping every such Man who shall be so delivered as aforesaid, according to the Number of Days that the Officers of the said Parish or Town shall have kept him in Custody, pursuant to the Powers granted by this Act, until such Delivery, and which Sum of six Pence per Diem shall be deduded out of the Pay of such Man; the said Allowance of twenty Shillings, and of lix Pence per Dicmy in case of Dispute, to be ascertained and distributed to and amongst the Churchwardens, Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, and such other Parish and Town Officers, or any of them, according to the Judgment and Discretion of the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or the major Part of them then present; for all which Payments Receipts shall be given to such Officer by the Person receiving the same, but which Receipt shall not be chargeable with any Stamp Duty.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, in their respective Divisions, are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the said Sum of twenty Shillings herein-before directed to be paid for the Use of the Officers of the Parish or Town so employed in the raising of such Men, to allot and order such Sum as they shall think fit to the respective High Constables, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, for their Pains and Service in the Execution of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Clerks of the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, provided the said Copies or Duplicates be truly transmitted into the Office of the Admiralty as aforesaid, shall have and receive, by the Hands of the Paymaster of his Majesty's Navy, over and above the Sums hereinbefore directed to be paid, such Rewards as the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, upon Consideration of the Numbers of Men entered in the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Cinque Ports, Liberties, or Places, by virtue of this Act, and the Pains and Charges of the several Clerks in this Service, shall judge the said Clerks severally and respectively to deserve.

XIX. And, for the better preventing any Disputes which may arise about paying for the Subsistence of those Persons who, having been apprehended and detained by virtue of this Act, may afterwards be discharged upon Examination before the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, and Officers, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person being judged by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid not to be within any of the Descriptions of this Act, shall be by them discharged, the Officers of the Parish or Town shall be entitled to no Consideration for their Expences in keeping such Person; and if any Person, being judged by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid to be within the Description of this Act, shall be rejected by the Regulating Officer, such Officer shall pay to the Officers of the Parish or Town six Pence per Diem for the whole Time that they shall have kept such Person; and every Officer who shall object to any Person delivered to him by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, shall specify his Objection to such Person, whether it be to his Age or bodily Disability, and the Grounds of such Objection shall be forthwith (as far as may be) enquired into by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, and they shall proceed accordingly; and every Officer who shall refuse or discharge any Pei foil delivered to him by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid as fit to serve his Majesty, within the Description of this Act, shall, without Delay, transmit to the Secretary of the Admiralty his Reasons for such Refusal or Discharge in Writing, signed by himself.

Admiralty Reasons for Refusal.

Commencement of Men’s Pay.

Men entered not to be taken our of the Service but for a criminal Matter.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Pay of every such Man so delivered to the Officers or Persons appointed to receive them as aforesaid, shall commence from the Time of his being taken and secured as aforesaid, deduding such Sums of Money thereout as shall be paid by virtue of this Act for his Subsistence; and no Person so entered, in pursuance of this Act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process, other than by some criminal Process, for some criminal Matter punishable by the known Laws of the Land.

Penalty for obstructing the Execution of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any Ad or Thing, whereby the Execution of this Act, in the searching for, taking, and securing, such able-bodied Men as aforesaid, shall be hindred or frustrated, every such Person shall, for every filth Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto

Use of the Informer or Informers; and all and every such Offences may be enquired of, heard, and finally determined by any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus f if any be) to the Owners, and if the Offender has no Goods and Chattels sufficient to answer the said Penalty, then to commit him or her to the County Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of three Calendar Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants of every Parish and Township where any Person described as aforesaid doth abide, or is to be found, (at the instance of any one or more of the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or of any Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or Constable of the same Parish or Township,) shall (not having a lawful or reasonable Cause to the contrary) be aiding and assisting in the Furtherance of his Majesty's said Service.

XXIII. And, to encourage such Inhabitants and others to assist in discovering and apprehending such Persons described as aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall discover and give Information of any able-bodied Man or Men tit to serve his Majesty, within any of the Descriptions of this ^\dl, so that he or they shall be apprehended and brought before the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, and ordered to be entered in his Majesty's Service, such Person for every Man so discovered and entered, shall receive from the Officer to whom such Man shall be delivered the Sum of ten Shillings out of the twenty Shillings which he is hereby d'redled to pay to the Officers of the Parish or Town for every Man raised by virtue of this Act, and the Remainder only of such twenty Shillings shall in that Case be paid to such Officers.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit, or

Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall do in pursuance or Execution of this Act, the same shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Fact was committed, and not afterwards, or elsewhere; and such Person or Persons, sued in any Court whatsoever, shall and may plead the General Issue of Not Guilty, and upon any Iilue joined may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer a Discontinuance, or if a Verdict or Judgment upon Demurrer pass against him, the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, for which he shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Statute, made in the twenty-

[Treble Costs.]

fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Intituled, An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Con/} a hies and others acting in Obedience to their Warrants, so far as the said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, acting under the Authority or in the Execution of this Act; and no Action or Suit shall be had or commenced, or Writ issued out, or Copy of Writs served upon any Peace Officer or Officers, or any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in the Execution of this Act, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to him or them, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode by the Attorney for the Party commencing such Action, or suing out or serving the Copy of the said Writ, which said Notice in Writing (hill contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person who is to bring such Action, together with the Cause of Action or Complaint, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Attorney shall be under written or indorsed thereon; and such Defendant or Defendants shall be at Liberty, and may, by virtue of this Ad, at any Lime within fourteen Days after such Notice, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or Sums ot Money as Amends for the Injury complained of to the Party complaining, or to the said Attorney, and if the f.me is not accepted of, such Defendant or Defendants may plead such Tender in Bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Issue, or any other Plea, with Leave of the Court; and if upon Issue joined upon such Tender the Jury shall find the Amends tendered to have been fuihcient, the find Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, who shall, in such Case, be entitled to his and their

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought against any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate aforesaid, or other Officer employed in the Execution of this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Person instituting such Action shall, previous to the Commencement thereof, intimate by himself, or his Agent or Attorney, his said Intention and Grounds of Complaint, so as that the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or other Officers, may have Opportunity of making due Amends for the Injury intended to be prosecuted; and if the said Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or other Officers, shall make it appear, to the Satisfadl on of the judge before whom the Action is brought, that such due Amend? were tendered and refused previous to the Commencement of the Action, the said Judge shall give Decree for the Defender, who shall in such Case be entitled to Treble Costs of Suit.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where a Verdict fiiail be given for the Plaintiff in any Action to be brought against any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate aforesaid, or any Peace Officer or other Person,' for seizing, taking, imprisoning, or detaining such Plaintiff in the Execution of this Act, under Colour of any Authority or Authorities hereby given, and it shall appear to me Judge or Court before whom the same shall be tried, that there was a probable Caule for doing the A it complained of in such Action, and the said Judge or Court shall certify on the Record that there

probable Cause as aforesaid, then and in such case the Plaintiff shall not be entitled to more than two Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit: Provided always, that where a Verdict shall be given for the

Such Offences

may be determined by two Justices, &c.

Inhabitants to aid in the Execution of Act.

Reward to Persons giving Information of able-bodied Men within the Descriptions of A i\.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Treble Cost*.

24 Geo. If. Cap. 44, so far as relates to rendering Justices more safe in the Execution of their Office, to extend to this Act.

No Action to be commenced

till Notice be given.

Defendant may tender Amends,

which may be pleaded. -

[Treble Costs.]

Persons instituting Action in Scotland tc give previous Notice, that Amends may be tendered. Sc c.

[Treble Costs.]

Where there was a probable Cause for Act complained of Plaintiff'not

entitled to Costs

but where tU Injury was

r

82

wilful, to have Double Costs*

His Majesty may suspend or revive the Execution of this Act.

Three Justices, though net for the same Rid-

35

tricesimo quinto

ing-, may within tiic Limits of York Castle.

Plaintiff in any such Action as aforesaid, and the Judge or Court before whom the Cause shall be tried shall certify on Record that the Injury for which such Action was brought was wilfully and maliciously committed, the Plaintiff shall be entitled to Double Costs ol Suit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when his Majesty shall be satisfied, by the said Returns of the Justices or Magistrates, or otherwise, that a sufficient Number of Men in the Whole shall be raised for his present Service, or for other sufficient Reasons, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to suspend or revive the Execution of this Act with respect to the Whole of Great Britain, or any Part thereof, by Proclamation or Order in Council, or other public Notice, in the London Gazette, or by Notice from the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided also, that his Majesty, when he shall judge it expedient for his Service, may at any Time suspend the Execution of this Act, in any Place in Great Britain, by Notice from the Secretary of the Admiralty 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. And, for the more easy and better putting this Act into Execution, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any three or more of the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, for putting this Act into Execution, in the several Ridings of the County of York, (being Justices of the Peace, though not all of the same Riding,) may, within the Castle of York, or Limits thereof, execute the Powers of this Act.

Continuance of Act.]

Entries of Men to be made in the Form annexed.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing herein contained, shall be and continue in force until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Entries which the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, for executing this Act, are required to make of the Names and Descriptions of all Men levied by virtue of this Act, together with the other Particulars herein-before directed, shall be made according to the Form hereunto annexed. V

Recruit’s Name. Parish. 4 Age. Description of the Recruit. Officer who received, or refused, the Recruit, and on what Day. On what Grounds refused.

Forms of Proceedings in Schedule, to be used.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of Proceeding relative to the several Matters in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be used upon all Occasions, with such Additions and Variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular Exigencies of the Case, and that no Objection shall be made, or Advantage taken, for Want of Form in any such Proceedings, by any Person or Persons whomsoever.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

[28th April 1795.]

Frpm the dif-embodying the Militia the Subalterns to have certain Allowances during Peace.

WHEREAS it is expedient to make some Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, who have served during the present War, after the disembodying of the said Forces, and during Peace, under certain Regulations May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted*\ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the disembodying of the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, certain Annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they are now by Law entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, of the Descriptions, to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner herein after expressed; (that is to say,) to every Subaltern Officer of the Militia, who now bears a Commission, is serving, and shall continue. faithfully

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 35. 83

faithfully to serve in the same Coips, or who, previous to the Expiration of four Months from the passing of this Act, shall be appointed to a Commission, and shall continue faithfully to serve in the embodied Militia, and in the same Corps, until the disembodying thereof, the following Annual Allowances, oyer and above the Pay to which they may be by Law entitled during Peace, shall be allowed and paid, without any Deductions of any Kind, or for any Purpose whatsoever; (that is to say,) to a Lieutenant twenty-five Pounds per Annum, and to an Ensign twenty Pounds per Annum, in the Manner herein after mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall at any Time hereafter Exceptions, become possessed of such an Estate or Income as would by Law qualify him to hold a Captain’s Commission

in the Militia, or who is or shall at any Time hereafter be appointed Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment or Corps of Militia, nor any Person deriving in any Way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern Officer of the Militia, any Income, Stipend, or Allowance whatever from the Public, nor any Officer on the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern’s Commission, and serve as aforesaid in the Militia, shall have or be in anywise entitled to the said Annual Allowances, or any Part or Share thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. i »; ! }

III. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers of the Militia, who shall claim, under the Subalterns to Authority of this Act, to receive either of the said Annual Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the take the fol-fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, annually take and subscribe an Oath before someone of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place to which the Regiment or Corps in which they serve shall belong, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet

I A.B. do swear, That I am now serving as a Subaltern Officer in the Regiment [or Corps] Oath,

of Militia; and that I am not, in my own Right, or in Right of my Wife, nor have been, since the disembodying of the said Regiment [or Corps], in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such an Annual Value, above Re- prizes, as would qualify me to hold a Captain’s Commission in the Militia; that I am not, nor have been, since the disembodying of the said Regiment [or Corps] an Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment [or Corps] of Militia; that I do not hold or enjoy, nor have I held or enjoyed, nor does or has any Person for me hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, since the disembodying of the said Regiment 4 [or Corps], any Office or Income whatsoever from the Public; and that 1 am not entitled either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, nor have been since the disembodying of the said Re- giinent [or Coips]. So help me GOD.

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he Justices to is hereby required to certify and transmit the same to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, transmit Oaths Riding, or Place to which the Regiment or Corps of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer shall be then £ the *£ci*c* serving shall belong, to be by him filed and preferred for the Purposes herein after mentioned. Land Tax

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer of the Militia, who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled, to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the Annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs, during the Whole of the twenty-eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and shall, during the said Time, punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer of such Regiment or Corps, on Pain of forfeiting the said Annual Allowance, as well as the Rest of his Pay, and every Part thereof, which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Corps to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant and Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place to which the said Regiment or Corps of Militia, in which such Subaltern Officer shall be then serving, shall belong, to be by the said Receiver General received previous to any such Subaltern Officer being entitled to demand or receive the said Annual Allowance, or any Part thereof; and in case any such Subaltern Officer, claiming to be entitled to such Annual Allowance, shall, by his Commanding Officer, be permitted or fuftered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necfcflity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such Annual Exercise, fin which Case it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, and for such Subaltern Officer, who may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the said Annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like Manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the said Annual Exercise,) the Reasons for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in the Certificates before-mentioned, signed by the Commanding Officer, to be transmitted, 25 loon as conveniently may be, to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the Regiment or Corps shall belong, to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the same County, Riding, or Place, and to his Majesty's Principal Secretary ot State for the Home Department.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment or Corps of the Militia, after the disembodying thereof at any Time, shall not be called out for the Annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer belonging to any such Regiment or Corps, and coming within the Descriptions of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath herein-before mentioned, before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Annual Allowance, as if such Subaltern Officer 1 id regularly attended the Annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment or Corps during the Whole of the twenty-eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment or Corps, had been transmitted to the Lieutenant ia<j Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment or

|f S M 2 Corps

Subalterns to attend the Annual Exercise,

Certificates of which to be transmitted by the Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant and Receiver General of the County.

Reasons for Leave of Absence from Annual Exercise to be transmitted to the said Lieutenant and Receiver General, and Secretary of State.

If Militia be not called out to Annual Exercise, Subalterns to be entitled to Allowance as if they had attended.

84

C. 35.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Allowances to be paid without

DeduOion.

Subalterns not attending when called upon, to forfeit their Claim to the Allowance.

Allowances to be paid by the Receivers General on Production of Certificates.

Subalterns may receive the Pay for attending Annual Exercise 5

but not entitled to Allowance while the Militia is embodied.

Allowance not to extend to

Corps belong, according to the Directions of this A d; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. A 9i

VI. And be it further enacted, That, upon such Certificates as aforesaid, of such Justice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or (where any Regiment or Corps of Militia mall not have been called out to their Annual Exercise as aforesaid) upon a Certificate of any such Justice of the Peace only, being produced to or received by the respective Receivers General of the Land Tax, it shall and may be lawful for such Receivers General, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers, according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant or Ensign, the Annual Allowance above-mentioned, ir Addition to their Pay, without any Deduction whatsoever, out of any Public Monies in their Hands, and to charge the same in their respective Annual Accounts of Money disbursed for the Use of the Public; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from Time to Time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers of the Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments or Corps to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied and called out upon actual Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any such Subaltern Officer shall a second Time neglect or refuse to attend and perform his Duty at the Annual Exercise as before directed, each and every such Subaltern Officer shall forfeit his and their Claim to the said Annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in all Time to come, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his and their Commission and Commissions to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Annual Allowances shall be paid to the Persons respectively entitled thereto by the Receivers General of the Land Tax, upon the Production of the before-mentioned several Certificates, as soon after the Times of the Annual Exercise and Training as may be. convenient and pradicable: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of it, from receiving the Pay allowed by Law for his Attendance at such Annual Exercise as before-mentioned, over and above the said Annual Allowance: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforesaid to the said Annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the Time the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs shall be embodied or called out on actual Service: Provided also, that this Act, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, shall not extend. or be construed to extend, to more than ten Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more then ten. Companies; to more than nine Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than eight and less than eleven Companies; to more than eight Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than fix and less than nine Companies; to more than five Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, confiding of fix or of a less Number of Companies.

certain

Senior Lieutenants to have the Preference, and the Junior to succeed on

Vacancies.

26 Geo. IIK Cap. 107, recited.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment, Battalion; or Corps of the Militia at the Time of disembodying thereof, there shall happen to be a greater Number of Lieutenants coming’within the Descriptions of this Act than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof within the true Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Proviso, the Senior Lieutenants of such Number shall always be preferred and shall be alone entitled to demand and receive the above-mentioned Allowances, and that the Junior Lieutenants shall succeed to such Allowances in Rotation as Vacancies may happen among the said Senior Lieutenants, from Time to Time.

X. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, anil reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the 4 Mi/itiay in that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, that the Lieutenant of any County

Riding, or Place, together with any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of any such Lieutenant, any five or more Deputy Lieutenants, may, at the End of every five Years, at their Annual Meetings to be holden as in the said Act mentioned, in case the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place shall not be then embodied, discharge a certain Number of Officers for the Purposes, and in the Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is not expedient that the Powers so given by the said recited Act should extend to Subaltern Officers coming within the Descriptions, and entitled to the Benefits of this Act;’ be it therefore enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place, to discharge any such Subaltern Officers as are or may be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or any of them.

Powers of recited AO, for difcltarging '

Officers at the End of every five Years, not to extend to the Subalterns entitled to Benefits under this AO.

Continuance vf AO.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth Day of Mauh one thousand seven hundred and ninety-iix, and no ionccr.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 36. 85

Cap. xxxvr.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

[28th April 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, have freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of seven hundred and fifty-eight thousand five hundred and forty-one Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, to be raised by a Lottery, to consist of fifty-five thousand Tickets at thirteen Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence each, in such Manner as is herein after directed and appointed: And whereas pursuant to, and upon the several Terms and Conditions ^xprefied in, the said Kefolution, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of seven hundred and fifty-eight thousand five hundred and forty-one Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, and made Deposits with the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of one Pound five Shillings and ten Pence in respt& of every such Ticket, your faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty* that it may be enacted, &cS

41 All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the Resolution of the House of Commons, are required 41 to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Cashier to give Security, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies received into the Exchequer.

Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. 500,000l., the Amount of the Prizes, to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Managers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books prescribed. Managers to examine the Books, with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed T ickets, with an Account of Money received and paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the Middle Columns to be rolled up, and fattened with Thread or Silk; and cut off indentwise into a Box marked 14 with the Letter (y/), and put into another Box, to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with two Columns, on each of which 55,000 Tickets are to be printed. Tickets in the outermost Column of the last- mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a Box marked with the Letter (B 44 &c. Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on, Feb. 27, 1796. Number of the fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the Managers. Forging Tickets, dsfr. made Felony. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering. Persons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and 50l. Reward. No Attainder for any Offences against this Act shall make any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Disherison of Heirs. Managers to be sworn. Cashier may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book; giving a Note for the same;, which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 13l. 15r. 10d. paid. After Afoy 22, 1795, the Cashier may deliver Tickets not exceeding in Value Half of the Sum actually subscribed; and flia.ll give Receipts for the Residue of such Sums, after deducting the Value of the Tickets so delivered. Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit their Deposits, and the Tickets to be returned to the Managers, &c. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, &c. as they shall think fit. The 500,000l. for the Payment of the fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on July 1, 1796, Managers to give Notice of the Times for exchanging Pickets for Cer—

tificates. Certificates to be numbered, tsV., and signed, 07. Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to defray the incidental Expences attending the Execution*of this Act. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, or for Receipts, on Penalty of 20l. No Person to take down the Numbers of the Tickets at the Time of drawing, unless employed as a Clerk, or licensed so to do."

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be licensed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties to attend for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive from the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or their Officers, on paying a reasonable Price for the same, proper Numerical Books, containing the Numbers of the fifty-five thousand Tickets in the said Lottery, in Arithmetical Progression, as aforesaid, every of which Books shall exceed in Length twenty-one Inches, and in Breadth Seventeen Inches, and shall be bound in stiff Milled Boards, and shall be stamped and marked on every Leaf thereof by a proper Stamp or Mark, to be provided and used for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, and by no other Person or Persons whatever; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority to grant such Licences to such Persons, who shall be duly licensed to keep Lottery Offices, and to such other Persons acting on Account of such Offices respectively, as the said Commissioners shall approve, and to none other; and if any Person present at the Drawing of the said Lottery, (not being duly authorized or licensed in Manner aforesaid,) shall at such Time and Place, take or set down in Writing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, when or after the same shall be drawn, or any Figures or Marks to denote the same, or shall make or begin to make any Register or List in Writing of the Numbers of any Tickets, which shall have been drawn on the Day of making or beginning to make, or of carrying on such Register or Lift, or shall have in his Custody or Possession, at such lime and Place as aforesaid, any printed or written Register or Lift of the Numbers of the 'Pickets in the said Lottery, or of any

Persons licensed, to receive from the Stamp Office Numerical Books, which shall be damped on every Leaf.

Commissioners to grant Li-c:nces only on Account of licensed Lottery Offices.

Utilicensed Persons taking down or pub-ljshing the Numbers of Tickets drawn, &c. to forfeit $1.

5

86

On Complaint, the Magistrates of London may grant Warrants for apprehending Offenders.

Persons in the actual Corn-mi fTi on of such Offence may be apprehended by any Person, and carried before a Magistrate, who may commit the Offender if Penalty be not paid.

Informers and Constables entitled to the Penaltie*.

Persons preparing or having in their Custody any Register or Lift of Tickets but as herein particularized j

or keeping any Place lor examining

"Tickets, by any

C. 36. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

any Part thereof, whether drawn or undrawn, with any Marks, Letters, Figures, or Numbers thereon, marking or denoting the Order or Time of drawing any such Tickets drawn on the same Day, or the Benefits to which any such Tickets may be entitled by virtue of this Act; or if any Person or Persons whatever shall publish, or cause to be published, during the Hours of drawing the said Lottery, any List, Register, or Slip, containing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, drawn on the Day of publishing the same, or any Marks, Letters, or Figures to denote the same, or shall publish, or cause or procure to be published, any List or Register of Tickets, wherein the Numbers of any Tickets, or any Marks, Letters, or Figures shall be placed to denote the Time of Day, or Order in which any Tickets shall be drawn, and with Intent to denote the same, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of London, for the Time being, upon Complaint made upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation, of any Offence committed against this Act, in any of the Particulars before mentioned, whereby such pecuniary Penalty as aforesaid may become forfeited, to issue his Warrant for apprehending such Offender; and if any Person or Persons shall be found or discovered, at the Time and Place of Drawing as aforesaid, in the actual Commission of any such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatever to apprehend on the Spot the Person or Persons so offending, and to convey, or cause to be conveyed, before one of the Magistrates aforesaid, the Person or Persons so apprehended, to be proceeded against in such Manner as is herein directed; and when any Person or Persons shall be apprehended, or brought before any of the Magistrates aforesaid for any such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Magistrate to proceed to examine into the Circumstances of the Case; and, upon due Proof upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation, of any such Offence committed against this Act, to give Judgment or Sentence accordingly, and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, and such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, to commit such Offender to Prison for any Space of Time, not exceeding fourteen Days, nor less than five Days, without Bail or Mainprize, and without Appeal, or until such Penalty shall be satisfied; and every such Penalty, when paid upon Conviction, shall be applied to the Use of the Informer or Informers, or Person or Persons apprehending or bringing such Offender or Offenders before such Magistrate, and the Constable or Constables concerned in apprehending or securing such Offender or Offenders, in such Proportions as such Magistrate shall direct.

" Persons summoned as Witnesses not appearing, &c. to forfeit co/. Form of Conviction. Penalty may be mitigated. Convictions not removeable. Commissioners mall not be required to grant a Licence for u dealing in Lottery Tickets, unless it shall appear that the Party is of good Character and Reputation, and able to answer the Penalty required by Law, and he shall have deposited a certain Number of Tickets, 44 Persons to whom Licences are granted, to give Bond agreeably to 22 Geo. III. Cap. 47. At the End of 12 Months after Expiration of Licences, the Commissioners may give up Bonds or put them in Suit. Licences of Persons neglecting to depont or divide into Shares 50 Tickets to be void; and the 48 Defaulters to be published in the Gazette, In Cases where Licences under 22 Geo. III. Cap 47. are

declared void, in such Cases Licences granted after the Commencement of this Act shall be void for Offences against this Act, or 27 Geo. III. Cap. i* Licences may be refused to Persons convicted. Persons continuing on their Houses the Words Licensed, &c. after Expiration of their Licences, &c. to forfeit 20l. Executors, &V. may be authorized to carry on Business for the Residue of the Terms of Licences. No Tickets to be divided into any other Shares than Halves, Quarters, Eighths, and Six- teenths, on Penalty of 50l. Application and Recovery of Penalties. Form of Shares of Pickets. Persons counterfeiting Shares, (zfc. guilty of Felony."

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to prepare, make, fell, or buy, or to have in his or their Custody or Possession, or in his or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any Register or Lift of the Numbers of the Tickets in the Lottery established by this Act, other than complete Numerical Registers or Lifts containing all the Tickets in the said Lottery, in Books of the respective Dimensions before mentioned and provided by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, and stamped in the Manner herein directed, and sold to such Person or Persons, or such Numerical Lift of each Day’s Drawing, as shall be printed and published under the Authority of this Act by the said Managers and Directors, or true and full Copies of such Numerical Lists of each Day’s Drawing; nor for any Person or Persons to set down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Order, Course, or Priority of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets, other than such Tickets to which Benefits shall belong, under this Act, as being first or last drawn on any Day; nor to set down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Time in which any such Picket shall be drawn on any Day, or in any Manner whatever, eirher by writing or printing, to mark, denote, or signify the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such 'Picket or Tickets, except such Benefit Tickets as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly keep or have in his or their Custody or Possession, or in his or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any Register or Lift containing any Numbers of the Tickets in the said Lottery, other than such stamped Numerical Registers or Lilts, or such Numerical Lists of efcch Day’s Drawing, or Copies thereof as aforesaid, or shall set down in any Register or Lift whatever, either by writing or printing, the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets, other than such 'Pickets to which Benefits shall belong as aforesaid, or any Marks, Figures, or Numbers, to mark, denote, or signify the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day.of such Drawing, except as aforesaid; or shall by himself or themselves, or by any other or others, keep any Office, Shop, or Place for examining, or in such Office, Shop, or Place, shall examine, or cause to be examined, for any*

other Person or Persons, or permit any other Person or Persons to examine any Number or Numbers of such

6

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 37, 38.

such Tickets, whether with or without Reward, by any Register or Lift of Tickets whatever, other than such Numerical Register or Lift, or such Numerical Lift of each Day’s Drawing, or a true Copy thereof as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons keeping or causing to be kept any Register or Lift of Tickets in the said Lottery, shall give, or cause or procure to be given, any Notice or Information whatever to any Person or Persons of the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any Ticket or 'Pickets, except such Benefit Tickets as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and every such Register or Lift, or Copy as aforesaid, made contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Constable or other Officer of the Peace, or by any Person employed by the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties in the Execution of the several Act$ for the Regulation of Lotteries, and upon Production thereof before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, such Justice or Justices shall and may, by his or their Order in Writing, direct the same to be detained, or otherwise, if he or they shall think fit, to be destroyed.

U

44

On Complaint on Oath of Offences against 27 Geo. III. Cap. r. whereby the Parties may be liable t* Punishment as Rogues, Justices may authorize Persons to break open Houses, &c. Persons discovered in such Houses concerned in carrying on illegal Transactions, to be punished as Rogues, and may be 41 arrested, t£c, Penalty on Persons obstructing Officers. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal Transactions, to be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds. Manner in which Actions for Penalties shall be commenced. Where the Amount of Penalties lued for is not inserted in Writs, the Defendant 46 to be served with a Copy of the Process, ts'e. Offenders adjudged Rogues and Vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not removeable by Certiorari. General Issue. Treble Costs."

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

[28th April 1795].

His Majesty may empower the Treasury to cause Loans to be received, or Exchequer Bills to be made out, for 2,500,000l. any Time before Jan. 5, 1796, agreeable to 35 Geo. III. Cap. i. Powers of 35 44 Geo. III. Cap. 1. to extend to this Act, except as herein excepted. Loans or Exchequer Bills charge- able on the first Aids granted next Session, and^ if not granted before July 5, 1796, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund. Monies issued from the Consolidated Fund to be replaced out of the first Supplies. 44 Bank may advance Money on the Credit of this Act."

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax*, to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; and to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas.

[28th April 1795.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein* after mentioned have been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Tarns made of Flax-, which said Act was, by two other Acts made in the tenth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, extended and continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by four other Acts made in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, thirty-first, and thirty-third Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred i/mcty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby- further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six,

ai.d from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. ffijjL JxT

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1'hat an Act, made in the seventh YYar of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to d\jcontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon t'.c importation of Tallow, Hogs Lardy and Grease-, which was to be in force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of Inarch one thousand seven hundred and fixly-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the tenth, thirteenth, sixteenth, nine-teeirth, twenty-second, twenty-sixth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one u.oaknd seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

\ ftaU

87

other than fticii Lift, &c. to forfeit 501.

29 Geo. II Cap. 15, granting a Bounty on certain Species of BrU tish and Irish Linens exported, continued to June 24, 1796, tec.

7 Geo. III.

Cap. 12, to dif* continue the Duties on Importation of Tallow, &c. continued to March 2 5, 1799, *c* -

88

6 Geo. III.

Cap. z3, so far as relates to prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, continued to June 14, 1802, £cc.

26 Geo. III. Cap. 89, extending to other Tools and Uterrfils 25 Geo. III. Cap. €7, made perpetual.

C. 39 - 44. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Sills and Velvets for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture \ which was to continue in force for the Term of five Years, from the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament j and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the eleventh and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Act, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, was, by two Acts made in the twenty-second and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the fourteenth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And whereas an Act was made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and Utensils, an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas j" which was to continue in force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas, by several Acts of Parliament passed in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-first,

thirty-second, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts,

the said Act was continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act has been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act shall be, and the same is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in carrying on the Pennygored Works, in

the County of Pembroke.

[28th April 1795.]

*4 Drawback to be allowed of Duties paid for Coals used in carrying on the Pennygored Works. Drawback u not to exceed i,oooo/. in one Year." A '

CAP. XL.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Right Honourable John Earl of Upper OJfory in the Kingdom of Ireland, Baron Upper OJfory, of Ampthill, in the County of Beaford, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining m His Majesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and also the Reversion of certain Offices, Rents, and other Hereditaments in the said County of Northampton, to which the said Earl of Upper OJj'ory is entitled for three Lives, under a Grant from His present Majesty, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

[28th April 1795.]

CAP. XLI.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbour of Aberdeen for eroding New Piers and Qiays therein; and for regulating Ships and Vessels. trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour.

[28th April 1795.]

CAP. XLII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three several Acts made in the sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, in the seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, vended or sold within the Town of Montrose and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with Ffefh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[28th April 1795.]

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for making a Navigable Cut from the Grand Junction Canal, in the Precind of Noriuood, in the County of Middlesex, to Paddington, in the said County.

[28th April 1795.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a Navigable Cut from his present Navigation in the Township of Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Township of Pen-nington, near the Town of Leigh, in the said County.

[28th April 1795.]

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 45 - 49. *89

CAP. XLV.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an A<5L made and passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for pavings lightings watchings cleansing, waterings

repairings and keeping in Repairs Finsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the

and Part of the Manor of h infbury, and certain other Streets and Places communicating with or near to the

Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex,

J<*id Square; and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same.

[28th April 1795.]

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for laying out and making a new Street from Whitefriar Gate to the South End of Quay Streets within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

[28th April 1795.]

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for taking down the Chapel of the Chapelry of Hay dons in the Parish of JVardens in the County of Northumber lands and for building a new Chapel, in a convenient Situation, within the said Chapelry.

[28th April 1795.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for amending two A<5ls, of the thirtieth Year of King George the Second, and the thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, so tar as relates ttf the draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the Township or Hamlet of March, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge.

[28th April 1795.]

CAP. XLIX.

f $$ w — 0

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder. See 35Gw.n1.

[30th April 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc- cafioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britains unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Stamp Duty following; that is to say. That every Person who shall u(e or wear any Powder commonly called Hair Powders of whatever Materials the same shall be made, shall previousy enter his or her Name and Place of Abode, and annually take out a Certificate thereof, in the Manner herein mentioned; and that upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate issued to any such Person shall be ingrossed, written, or primed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Pound and one Shilling.

II. And, in order to prevent the Application of other Names to any Powder which shall be used as Hair

Powder, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Duty, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sort or Composition of Powder which shall he used or worn by any Person as an Article of his or her Dress, by whatever Name the same shall be distinguished, shall be deemed Hair Powder within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any of the Royal Family, or to any of the immediate Servants of his Majesty, or any of the Royal Family, serving in any of the Capacities enumerated or described in or by an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty uton all Servants retained or employed in the fveral Capacities therein mentioned \ and for repealing several Rates arui Duties upon Glasss imposed by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majestys and f. r granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof and for the better collecting

the Duties -

ninth Tear

tain Quantities of Silver Plate.

IV. P rovided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be Exemption^, construed to extend, to charge with the Duty hereby imposed any Clergyman who shall not be possessed of an Annual Income of one hundred Pounds, or upwards, whether arising from ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise; nor any Subaltern or Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Man, belonging to any Regiment in the Army, Artillery, Militia, Division of Marines, Corps of Engineers, or Feasible Corps; nor any

rr employed in his Majesty's Navy under the Rank of Commander.

3S Geo. III. N

Person s wearing Hair Powder to take out a Certificate annually, chargpable with a Stamp Duty of 11. is. r

All Powder worn as an Article of Dress, to be deemed Hair Powder.

Act not to extend to the Royal Family, or thiir immediate Servants.

es upon G afs; and for repealing the federal Rates and Duties charged by an Act made in the twenty-ir of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporatey having cer-

90

C. 49

tricesimo quinto

Exemption*.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty hereby imposed any Officer or Private Man in any Corps of Yeo-

Persons having more than two unmarried Daughters, to receive a Certificate for the Whole, on paying for two.

Act not to extend to Diflervting Preachers not possessed of an Income of jool.

manr^ or Volunteers, either Cavalry or Infantry, raised by virtue of an Act, of the thirty-fourth Year of

inn

the Kingdom during the present War.

his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging an voluntarily enrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties,

Corps or Companies of Men as shall 'owns, or Coajls, or for the general Defence of

iejiant Disfenting Ministers and Schoolmasters; or of the Statute, made in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Re/lridliotis, the

Duty to be under the Management of the Commissioners for Stamps.

Commissioners to appoint Offices within certain Limits for Receipt of Names, &c. and the Head Distributors to appoint them without such Limits.

Offices to be kept open as the Commissioners shall di-red, who shall cause the same and their Situation, &c. to be advertis'.

Persons liable, to make Entry, and Certificates to be made out in the following Forms.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Person who shall have more than two Daughters unmar-

ried, shall be at Liberty, on paying the Duty by this Act imposed for two of the Number, to receive a Certificate or Certificates in the Manner provided by this Act for the whole Number, of whom he shall give an Account; and that neither the Person giving such Account, or any of the Persons included in such Certificate, shall in such Case be liable to any of the Penalties imposed by this Act by reason of the Duty not being paid for the whole Number.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty hereby imposed, any Preacher or Preachers of any Congregation of Di(Tenters, or any Person dissenting from the Church of England in Holy Orders, or pretended Holy Orders, who now is, or at any Time hereafter shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Statute, made in the first

Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, disfen ting from the Church o/England, from the Penalties of certain Lavjs; or of the Statute, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further

ef 9j # of the Reign

Persons therein dejeribed, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject; and who shall not be possessed of an Annual Income of one hundred Pounds or upwards, however arising.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the more effectual levying, collect-

ing, and paying the said Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are required and empowered to denote the Payment of the said Duty by this Act imposed, either by using any Stamps in their Possession heretofore provided to be used in relation to any former Duties on Stamped V ellum, Parchment, or Paper, or to provide new Stamps for that Purpose; and to renew or alter the same from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, and to do all Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said Duty hereby granted, in as full and ample a Manner as they, or thfe major Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the greater Convenience in paying the said Duty, the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, by any Writing under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of them, shall and may appoint such and so many Offices and Places within the Limits of ten Miles from the Head Office of Stamp Duties in Middlesex, for the Receipt of all Accounts of the Names and Places of Abode of Persons liable to the Payment of the said Duty within the said Limits, in pursuance of this Act; and that the respective Head Distributors of Stamps shall also, without the said Limits, in their respective Divisions, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, appoint in every County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, in Great Britain, one or more such Offices and Places for the Receipt of all Accounts of the Names and Places of Abode of all other Persons liable to the Payment of the said Duty without the Limits of ten Miles from the Head Office as aforesaid; all which said Offices and Places shall respectively be kept open for the Purposes of this Act, on such Days, and during such Periods of the Year, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct; which Directions, and also the Situation of the respective Offices and Places aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall cause to be, from Time to Time, publicly advertised in some Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of such Offices or Places respectively, with the Names of the Officers appointed to superintend the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of May one thousiiid seven hundred and ninety-five, or within the Space of one Calendar Month next ensuing, every Person liable to the Duty by this Act imposed, shall make such Entry as aforesaid, by delivering, or causing to be delivered, according to the Directions of this Act, into the Head Office of Stamps, or such other Office as the said Commissioners shall appoint within the Limits aforesaid, or into the Office of the Head Distributors of Stamps, or their Deputies, or other Persons appointed to receive the same, an Account in Writing, containing his or her Name and Place of Abode, and whether he or she is a Housekeeper, or one of the Family, or a Lodger, Inmate, Apprentice, or Servant, abiding in the House of any Person, with the Day, Month, and Year, of delivering in the same; and such Commissioners, or their Distributors respectively, or their respective Deputies, or such other Person or Persons who shall be appointed to receive such Accounts at the Office or Place of Delivery, shall thereupon, and upon Payment of the said Duty, issue a Certificate, made out in the Name of the proper Officer, and stamped, to denote the Duty by this Act im-ofed, in the Form and Manner herein after directed; and which Account and Certificate shall respectively e made out in the Forms following; (that is to say,)

B

FORM

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 91

FORM of ACCOUNT.

1 £/) Day of in the Year of our Lord

5v X 3 3 -<\ <% Here ftt forth the Name or Here set forth the Place of Here set forth whether the Party is

J? 0 ~ Names of the Parties. Abode, containing Town, Street, Parish, and County. Housekeeper, one of the Family,

forth the County and Parish, Ward, r Town, whcie the Office is situate. videlicet, Wife, Son, Daughter, et cetera, (at the Case may be,) Lodger, Inmate, Apprentice, or Servant, and the Year for which the Certificate is to be taken out. %

FORM of CERTIFICATE.

Counterpart.

Form of Certificate,

Column for the N° of Certificate and Date.

Column for Name Column for and Place of Abode the County

and Name of Officer.

and Description.

X a Here set Here set forth Here set forth the 1

B. *-t forth the N° the Name and County and Town

TJ of Certifi- Place of Abode or Parish where the

0 1 cate and of the Party, Certificate is issued,

Ou 0 Date. or other De- and the Name of

# scription that the Officer issuing

3 may be ne- the same, and the

3 C ccfTary. Year for which the

e. a c. N Certificate is issued. 4 # /

NO

ke ^urt^er enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Certificate issued by virtue of this Act shall cease and determine on the fifth Day of April in the Year for which the same shall be iflbed and every Certificate taken out after the fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five or within one Calendar Month afterwards, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-hve* or in anj mbsequent Year, for the Year in which the same shall be issued, shall be in force until and upon the htth Day of April then next following, and shall commence from the Date thereof; and every Certificate out for any Year subsequent to the \ ear in which the same shall be issued, shall commence from

Determination of Certificated

1

02

C. 49.

tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Names of all Persons in the same Dwelling may be in one Account, but Certificates to be

Mailers paying the Duty for Servants, to receive Certificates, which shall extend to their Successors in the same Capacity.

Commissioners to prepare Books containing Certificates, &c.

On Payment of

Duty, Certificates to be filled up, and delivered.

Distributors to return Books of Certificates to the Commissioners, who shall transmit Lilts annually of the Persons \vho have obtained Certificates to the respective Clerks of the Peace, &c.-.

Fee to be paid for Copies Of Lifts.

the fifth Day of April then next ensuing, and continue in force until and upon the fifth Day of April in the succeeding Year.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Names of all or any Number of Persons residing respectively in the same Dwelling House may be included in one Account, or the Accounts may be several, at the Election of such Person or Persons, out that a several Certificate shall in every Case be issued in respect of each Person.

issued for each.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Master or

Mistress of any Servant or Servants shall declare his or her Intention to pay the Duties which may be charged or chargeable in pursuance of this Act, in respect of any such Servant or Servants using or wearing Hair Powder, and shall deliver, in Manner herein-before directed with respect to Persons paying for themselves the Duties imposed by this Act, a true and faithful Account of all such Servants by him or her kept, in respect of whom such Duties are intended to be paid, setting forth the several Capacities in which such Servants are respectively kept, it shall be lawful thereupon, and upon Payment of the Duties for the several Servants specified in such Account, to ifiiie and deliver to such Mailer or Mistress a distinct Certificate in respect of each such Servant for whom such Duty shall be so paid as aforesaid; every such Certificate to set forth, in Words at Length, the particular Capacity in which such Servant shall be hired and shall serve; and every such Certificate shall be deemed and construed to extend to the Servant named therein during his or her Continuance in the same Service, and also to every Servant who shall come into the Service of such Master or Mistress during the Continuance of such Certificate, in the Room of such Servant so named therein, to serve in the same Capacity; and no Servant serving such Master or Mistress in any Capacity mentioned in such Certificate shall, during the Continuance thereof, be required for himself or herself to obtain any other Certificate in pursuance of this Act, nor shall such Servant be liable to the Payment of any Duty whilst such Service shall continue and such Certificate shall remain in force, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties shall cause to be prepared Books, in which every Leaf shall be divided and distinguished into two Columns, in each of which Columns there shall be printed an equal Number of Certificates in Blank, for the Names, Places of Abode, and Description, of the Persons respectively to whom the same shall be issued to be inserted therein, all which Certificates shall be of equal Length and Breadth as near as may be, and the said two Columns shall be joined with some Flourish, or Device, through which the outermost Certificate may be cut off Indentwile, and that all Certificates in the Inner Column of the said Books shall be numbered progressively as they shall be placed therein, beginning such progressive Enumeration at the End of every Year, ending on the fifth Day of April as aforesaid, in respect of each OlHce where Cert.ficates shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, and that also the Certificates in the Outer Column shall be numbered in like Manner, every succestive Certificate in the Outer Column bearing the same Number with the corresponding Certificate in the Inner Column of such Books, and the Certificates in the Outer Column of such Book or Books shall severally be damped with a Stamp, to denote the Duty by this Act imposed; and the said Commissioners (liali take care to provide the several Distributors, or other Officers to be appointed to receive Accounts from Persons liable to the said Duty by virtue of this Act, with sufficient Numbers of the said Books of two Columns, containing such Certificates as aforesaid, that all and every the said Persons may be supplied with Certificates damped in pursuance of this Act, as they shall require the same; and the said Commissioners and Head Distributors respectively, or their Officers aforesaid, who shall receive any Account or Accounts, together with the Duties payable by virtue of this Act as ato/esaid, shall forthwith in respect of each and every Person whole Name and Place of Abode shall be entered therein, fill upon c of the said Certificates in the Outer Column of the said Books, in the Order they are placed therein, with the Name, Place of Abode, and D.escription of such Person entering such Account, and the Date of issuing the same; and shall in like Manner fill up the corresponding Certificate in the Inner Column o( the said Books with the said Particulars, so that such Certificate in the said Inner Column may form a Counterpart of the corresponding Certificate in the Outer Column; and, as the same are severally filled up as aforesaid, shall cause the Certificates in the Outer Columns to be carefully cut off Indentwile, and delivered to the respective Persons requiring the same in Manner aforesaid, on Payment of the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof, and without Fee or other Charge.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Distributors, and Officers aforesaid, shall, whenever they shall be thereunto required by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, return the said Books wherefrom the Certificates to be issued as aforesaid shall have been cut Indent-wife, to the said Commissioners at their Head Office in ATidAle/ex; and the said Commissioners shall cause one correct Lift, in alphabetical Order, to be made out annually, before the first Day of November in every Year, of all and every the Persons who shall have obtained Certificates in pursuance of this Act, for each County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Great Britain, containing the Names, Places

thereof to the

of such

County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, which Lifts and Copies respectively, at the Head Office of Stamps, and at the respective Offices of such Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, and Stewart Clerks, or their respective Deputies, shall be open to the Inspection of any Person, at all reasonable Hours, on Payment of six Pence, and no more; and the said Commissioners, by their Officers,

bounty, Kiding, J^muon, omre, stewartry, or Place in Great Britain, containing the Names, of Abode, and Description of such Persons respectively, and shall transmit a correct Copy therec Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, Sheriff Depute, or Stewart Clerk, or their respective Deputies,

13

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

G. 4*9*

93

Lists, or Parts of Lists, in their Possession, or of such of them as a Copy shall be demanded, to any Person or Persons whatever, (such Copy or Copies, purporting to be a true Copy or Copies, to be certified and signed by such Officers, Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, or Stewart Clerks, or their Deputies reflectively,) for which no greater Fee than three Pence shall be charged,- unless the Copies so demanded shall contain the Entries of two or more Persons, in which Cale there shall be paid at the Rate of six Pence for every two Persons whose Names are certified therein; which said Lifts, and Parts of Lists, and also a Copy signed as aforesaid, of them, or any of them, or any Part thereof, shall, at all Times and at all Places, be allowed and admitted as legal Evidence of a Certificate having been obtained by the Person or Persons whose Names shall be certified therein *, and such Copy shall and may be required by any Justice of the Peace in Great Britain, before whom any Prosecution shall be depending, to be delivered gratis, on Notice in Writing being left at the Office of the said Commissioners, Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, or Stewart Clerks respectively, or their respective Deputies, to whom respectively the same shall appertain.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, and Stewart Clerks, or their respective Deputies, shall, within six Weeks after the Receipt of the Copy of such List, make out, or cause to be made out therefrom, correct Lilts of all and every the rerlons named MEI'UIM, fui each City or Town, Parish and Place, within such County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, and shall, within the said Period, or seven Days after, cause the same to be respectively transmitted to the Churchwardens or Uverleers of the roor, Uonltables, Tythingmen, or other Peace Officers, of or within such City, Town, Parish, or Place, or to some or one of them, who shall, within three Days after the Receipt of any such List, cause a true and exact Copy thereof to be affixed

own, Parish, or Place; and if

all, within three Days after the Receipt of any such List, cause a true and e: 1 the Church or Cha| el Doors and Market Cross (if any) of such City, T :h Town or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, then on the Churc

such Town or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, then on the Church or Chapel Door of the next adjoining Parish, and shall cause the same to be, from Time to Time, re

next ensuing; and as often as it shall be necefia __________

uring the said Space of four Weeks, affix other Conus thereof in like Manner: and every Person wilfully tearuig, dencing, or removing, any such Copy so affixed within the said Space of four Weeks, shall forfeit for every Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, on Conviction before a Justice of the Peace, as herein after is directed, to be paid, one Moiety thereof to such Churchwarden or Overseers of the Poor, Constable, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer aforesaid, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Expiration of one Calendar Month after the fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, if any Person shall use or wear as an Article of his or her Dress any Powder commonly called Hair Powder, of whatever Ma-teruh the same shall be made, or by whatever other Name the same shall be distinguished or called, without having obtained a Certificate from the proper Officer of Stamps in the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, wffiere such Person shall reside, in pursuance and according to the Directions of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, which shall be sued for and recovered in the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where such Offender shall be; and if any Person having obtained any such Certificate shall afterwards fill, transfer, assign, or deliver the same, to any other Person, with Intent that such Certificate shall be fraudulently made use of to the Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue granted by this Act, or if any Person shall fraudulently use any such Cenificate in order to evade the Payment of the said Duty by this Act imposed, every such Person ffijll, for every /uch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall come into this Kingdom from foreign Parts, shall hi lequired to obtain his or her Certificate, in pursuance ofth s Act, before the Expiration of twenty-one Days next after such Arrival; the Proof of such Persons Arrival from foreign Parts, and of the Time of such Arrival, shall lie upon the Party claiming such

Privilege.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, and Stewart Clerks, or their respective Deputies, or other Officers aforesaid, who are hereby respectively required to execute this Act in any of the Particulars herein mentioned and v.vio shall respectively execute the same to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the

Li As and Copies

to be admitted as Evidence.

Copies may be required by justices gratis.

Clerk of the Peace, &c. to transmit Copies of Lifts to the Parish Officers, &c. to be affixed on the Church Doors, &c.

Penalty on Persons defacing such Copies.

Penalty for wearing Hair Powder without, or for transferring, or fraudulently using, Certificates.

Persons from foreign Parts not required to obtain Certificates till 21 Days after Arrival.

Clerks of the Peace, Arc. to be rewarded for their Trouble.

me

by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties out of any Duties arifingon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or P^per,) as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall authorise and direct, for their Care and Trouble in and about the Execution of this Act, over and above their respective Expences in the same, to be paid in like Manner; and that such reasonable Reward as the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall from Time to Time authorise* shall also be given and allowed to the respective Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, Tythingmen, or other Peace Officers, for any Thing done by them respectively in the Execution of this Act, to be paid by the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, Stewart Clerks, or their Deputies, or other Officers aforesaid, respectively employing such Constables, Tythingmen, or other Peace Officers to be charged in their Accounts with the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer appointed to receive Ac-of Persons Names and Places of Abode in pursuance of this Act, or to make out and issue Certifi-or to return Lifts or Copies thereof, shall negledi to perform his or their Duty in the Execution of

Penalty on Persons appointed to receive Accounts, or 10

C. 49. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

make out Certificates, for Neglect of Duty.

Surveyors of Koufes and Windows to give Notice to Occupiers of Houses, to produce Lifts annually of Residents therein who have worn Hair Powder, &c.

n 0

Penalty of 201. on Occupiers for Neglect.

such Office, with relation to the Powers and Trusts vested in them respectively by this Act according to the Rules and Directions herein mentioned, or shall commit or suffer to be committed any undue or fraudulent Practice in the Execution of such Office, and be thereof lawfully convicted, then such Officer, or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons who are or shall be appointed Surveyors, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Duties on Houses and Windows or Lights, shall and may, within fourteen Days after the fifth Day of April yearly, give or leave Notice to or for every Occupier of any Dwelling House where any Person, liable to the Duties hereby imposed, shall reside within the Limits of the Places for which such Surveyors are toadl, at his or her Dwelling House, (and where such Dwelling Houses shall be divided into different Stories or Apartments, and occupied distinctly by several Persons, then to or for the Occupier of each District, Siory, or Apartment,) to prepare and produce, within fourteen Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a List, in Writing, to thebeft of his or her Belief, of the Christian and Surname of each and every Person resident in such Dwelling House, and liable to the Duty hereby imposed, who shall, within the Year ending the fifth Day of April preceding such Notice, to his or her Knowledge, have used or worn Hair Powder, and the Situation or Capacity of such Person in respect of the Family or Families in such Dwelling House; in which Lift, all Persons of the P'amily, and all Apprentices, Servants, Lodgers, and Inmates, which, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief, are respectively liable to the said Duty, whether such Persons, or any of them, shall have obtained Certificates in pursuance of this Act or not, shall be included; and every such Occupier shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out such List, and sign the same with his or her own Name, and shall also, at the same Time, make a Declaration, signed by him or her, of the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where such Occupier so resident shall have obtained, or doth intend to obtain, his or her Certificate, and whether for himself or herself only, or for any Part of his or her Family or Servants, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such Surveyor; and if any such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to makeout, sign, and deliver, such List, or to make such Declaration as aforesaid, within the Time herein-before limited, or shall omit any Person who ougfiTto have been included Therein, in pursuance of this Act, and who shall, to his or her Knowledge, have used or worn Hair Powder within the Period prescribed in such Notice, every such Occupier shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, and shall be liable to Prosecution for every such Offence, and to be deemed guilty thereof, whether it shall appear that the Person so omitted or not returned according to the Directions of this Act hath or hath not obtained for himself or herself a Certificate, according to the Directions of this Act, or hath or hath not been prosecuted for any such Offence, and whether such Person, so omitted or not returned, is or is not amenable to Justice for" any Offence against this Act; and that the Conviction of any such Occupier, for any such Neglect or Omission, shall not be deemed to exempt the Person so omitted or not returned from paying the Duty by this Act imposed, or from Prosecution or Punishment for any Offence against this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Persons appointed Surveyors shall transmit such Lists so delivered to them respectively as aforesaid, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes at their Office in Middlejea*, who shall within a convenient Time transmit a lull and exact Copy of the Names and Descriptions of all Persons named or described therein, to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

Surveyors to transmit Lifts ro the Commissioners for Taxes, who shall transmit Copies to the Commissioners of Stamps

Occupiers not

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be required to include to include in in t^e Lift made out by him or her, any Persons resident in his or her House, who have respectively Places

Lift, Residents j- j Residence elsewhere in Great Britain.

who have usual

Residence elsewhere.

Period for which first Lifts shall be made out. -

Application and Recovery of Penalties sued for within three Months.

Penalty, if not sued for within the limited Time, not recoverable, tx-ceptin the Name of the Attorney General, &c. and to be applied as Ueiein mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the first Lift to be made out in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be made for all the Persons resident in any such Dwelling House, who shall have used or worn Hair Powder as aforesaid, at any Time between the fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the filth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties

and Forfeitures hereby imposed (except where other rrovilions are exprdsly made) shall (if sued for within the Space of three Calendar Months from the Time of any such Penalty or Forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster for Offences committed in England, and in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh for Offences committed in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Default of Prosecution within the Time herein-before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the respective Courts aforesaid; in which Case the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid ioto the Hands of the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties for the Time being; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

D.1795

tricesimo quinto

C. 49

95

it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Rewards as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered, after deducing all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto, either as Discoverers or Informers in respect to such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, not exceeding twenty Pounds, which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, within three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to fu nmon the Party accused, giving to each Party three Days Notice to appear, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Matter of FadI, and upon Proof made thereof, either by voluntary Confession of the Party accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or*Witnesses, or other-wile, as the Case may require, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as in and by this Act is directed, to be divided, one Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers, and to award and issue out his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the levying the said Penalty so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any); and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding fix nor less than three Calendar Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if either Party shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, with such Costs as shall be awarded, in case such

Justices may determine Offences where the Penalty does not exceed 201.

Application of Penalty.

Penalty may be levied by Dif-tre fs.

together

Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Divihon, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, which shall happen after fourteen Days next after such Conviction shall have been made, and of which Appeal reasonable Notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet: Provided also, that in case the Party accused of any Offence in using or wearing Hair Powder, without obtaining a Certificate according to this Act, shall insist in his Excuse before the Justice of the Peace, that he has obtained a Certificate in any other County or Place, and shall, on h»s Oath or Affirmation, allege and set forth the County or Place, and' Time of obtaining the same, it shall be lawful, at the Request of the Party accused, for the said Justice of the Peace to adjourn the Hearing and Determination of the Complaint to a future Time or Times, to be in the Discretion of the said Justice, in order for the Party accused to produce his Certificate, or such Entry or Copy thereof, under the Hand of the proper Officer, as herein is directed; and if at the End of the Time or Times so to be allowed, such Party shall not produce to such Justice of the Peace such Certificate, or an Entry or Copy thereof as aforesaid, the said Justice shall proceed to the Hearing and Determination of such Complaint in the Manner before directed: Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall think fit, (reasonable Costs and Charges* f the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation,) and so as such Mitigation doth not reduce the Penalties to less than the Moiety of the Penalties incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, and shall negiebt or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Ex-cute for such Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such justice of the Peace, or appea

appearing, shall refuse

to be examined on Oath and give Evidence before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as is herein directed as to other Penalties.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatis mutandis, (that is to say,)

Df it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord in the County of A* B. of was convicted before me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for residing near the Place where the Offence was committed, for that the said A.B.

6 on the Day of now last palt, did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made

and provided, (here/late the Offence against the Act) \ and I do declare and adjudge that the said A\ B. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain for the Offence aforesaid, to be distri-

buted as the Law directs. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of

WVtch Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be wrote fairly upon Parchment, and returned to the next General or (Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the proper Officer there, and there to remain and be kept among the Records of the same County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place 5 and no such Conviction shall be removed by Certiorari, or other Process, into any Court whatsoever.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Costs may be awarded.

Justice may adjourn the Hearing of a Complaint, where the Party insists that he has obtained a Certificate in another Place.

Penalties may

be mitigated.

Penalty on Witnesses neglecting to appear, or to give Evidence.

Conviction may be made out in the following Form.

Convictions to

be kept among the County Records, and not removable into any other Court.

g6

Persons claiming: Exemptions to prove their

Right.

Income of be-ncficed Clergy-men to be eiu-inatedon the Average of 7 Years.

Penalty for counterfeiting, Scc. Stamps.

Provisoes of former Acts relating to Stamp Duties, to extend to tlris Act.

Duties to be paid to the Receiver General of Stamps, &c.

Duties to be applied in defraying anyincreased Charge occasioned by any Loan of this Session

C. 4c—51. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if in any Action, Suit, Information, or Prosecution, against any Person for Non-payment of the Duty imposed by this Act, any Dispute shall arise whether such Person is entitled to be exempted from such Payment, in every such Case the Proof thereof shall lie upon the Person claiming such Exemption, who shall and maybe permitted to allege the same on his Oath or Affirmation, or other fufneient Evidence, to be produced and shewn by him or her, any Thing in this Act contained, or any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and if such Person shall be a beneficed Clergyman, the Income arising from his Benefice or Benefices shall be efti mated on the Average Amount thereof, as nearly as the same can be ascertained, computed on the Period of seven Years next preceding that in which such Action, Suit, Information, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or used, in pursuance of this A<Sl, for the Purpose of denoting the Duty by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Intention to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty, or shall utter, vend, sell, or cx-pose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duty, with such counterfeit Mark orlm-prelfion thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall sufler Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisoes, Articles, Clauses, Allowance on present Payment of the Duty, and all other Matters and Things prescribed and appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, (and not hereby altered,) shall (as far as the same are applicable) be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Duty hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and feeuring the said Duty hereby imposed, according to the true intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been rc-enacted with relation to the said Duty hereby imposed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties herein-before granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper are directed to be paid; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the Duty hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of tei\ Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, diflindlly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. L.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments 5 and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the rime limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for giving further Time to such Persons as have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

[30th April 1795.]

CAP. LI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the City of AIw Sarum in the County of Uriltsy with a Collateral Branch to Northam, within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton.

[30th April 179$.]

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52, 53.

CAP. LII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or Isis> at or near the Town of Abingdon in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal, at or near the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts \ and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described.

[30th April 1795J

CAP. LIII.

97

receiving Letters free from the Duty of

1T>J

age; for allowing Non-commissioned TJffkers, Seamen, and private Men, in the Navy and Army, whilst on Service, to send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Foil-age; and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Poll at an easier Rate than is now allowed by Law.

[5th May 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient further to regulate the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Portage \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Letter or Packet whatsoever, sent by the Port from any Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, directed by or to any Member of eitheg of the two Houses of Parliament ot Great Britain, shall be exempted Irom the Payment of the Duty of Portage, according to the Rates by Law established, if such Letter or Packet shall exceed one Ounce in Weight. »ng one Ounce exempt from Portage;

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Letter or Packet, directed by any nor*"7 Letter, Member of either of the said two Houses of Parliament, shall, irom and alter the passing of this Act, be exempted from the Payment of the Duty of Portage, unless the Member whose Name shall be indorsed therecn, pursuant to the Laws now in force, shall actually be in the Port I own into the Port Office of which every such Letter or Packet shall be put, or within the Limits of the Delivery of Letters for such Port Town, or within twenty M-Ics of (lich Port Town, on the Day, or on the Day before the Day, on which such Letter or Packet shall be put into the Port Office.

No Letter to or from any Member of either House of Parliament exceed-

Member of either of the said two free from the Duty of Postage, fu-nor shall be entitled or allowed to

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no

Houses of Parliament shall be entitled or allowed to fend by the Port, perferibed or directed by hirr), more than ten Letters any one Day receive by the Poll, free from the Duty of Postage, more than fifteen Letters directed to him in any one Day. '

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Number of Letters or Packets, not weighing more than one Ounce each, sent or received by any Member of either of the two Houses of Parliament in any one Day, shall exceed the Number exempted by this Act from the Duty of Portage, and the Rates of Portage on the said Letters or Packets respectively, or any of them, shall differ; then such of the said Letters or Packets as would be chargeable with a higher Rate of Postage than the Remainder, shall be included in the Number so exempted, in preference to any which would be chargeable with a lower Rate of Postage; and the Remainder of such Letters or Packets shall be chargeable with the several Rates of Portage respectively to which such Letters or Packets would now by Law be chargeable if sent or received by any Persons not entitled to fend or receive Letters or Packets free from the Duty of Portage.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Persons who, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, are authorized, in Right of their respective Offices and Employments, to send and receive Letters free from Postage, and their Successors in such Offices and Employments, shall and may, during their Continuance in such Offices and Employments respectively, send and receive Letters and Packets, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and under such Restrictions, as they now send and receive the same.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the Duty of Portage, any printed Votes or Proceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers, being f nt without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides, which shall he signed on the Outside thereof by toe Hand of any Member of Parliament, in such Manner as hath been heretofore practised, or which shall be directcJ to any Member of Parliament, at any Place whereof he shall have given Notice in Writing to tr.e Postmaster General, or to his Deputy; but that all such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, so sent

signed or directed as aforesaid, shall be received free of the Duty of Portage; any Thing in this, or any former Art, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that the Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Privates, em-

unless the Member directing it be within z9 Miles of the Toft Town, on the Day, or Day before, it is put into the Office.

No Member to fend more than 10, or receive more than 15 Letters free, daily.

How Portage shall be charged for Letters exceeding the li-N umber.

Persons authorized officially to send and receive Letters free, to continue to do so.

Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and Newspapers, may be sent in open Covers,

dec.

yeu in ms Majesty's [Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, and Marines, should, whilst

I

________, ,__________ j receive single Letters by the Port, on their own private Concerns, at

4a low Rate of Portage;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no single Letter sent by the Poll from any Non -commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private, employed in his Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Marines,

’arliament

now in foice, with an higher Rate of Postage than the Sum of one Penny for the Conveyance of each such Letter; such Rate of Portage of one Penny for each such Letter to be paid at the Time of putting the same

be by the

O +> Provided

Mf-U ]

i rivate, employed in his Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, rencible Regiments, Artillery, or Maru shall, winlft such Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private respectively, shall be employed his Majesty's Service, and not otherwise, be charged or chargeable, by virtue of any Act of Parliair

Single Letters from Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Privates, liable to 1 d. Portage only, under certain Kbftri&icns;

C. 54. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

as Mfo Letters

to them.

26 Geo. II. Cap. 15.

Packets, not exceeding one Ounce, containing' Samples, to be charged as Tingle Letters.

Provided nevertheless, that no Letter or Letters sent by the Pod, from any Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private, employed in his Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Marines, shall be exempted from the Payment of the Rate ot Portage chargeable upon Letters according to the Laws now in force, unless there shall be written upon every such Letter, in the Hand Writing of, and signed by the Commanding Officer for the Time being of the Ship or Vessel, or of the Corps, Regiment, or Detachment, to which such Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private, employed in his Majesty's Service, shall respectively belong, the Name of such Commanding Officer, and of the Ship, Vessel, Corps, Regiment, or Detachment, commanded by him.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Angle Letter sent by the Port, directed to any Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private, employed in his Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Marines, upon his own private Concerns only, whilst such respective Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private shall be employed on his Majesty's Service, and not otherwise, shall be charged or chargeable by virtue of any Act of Parliament now in force, with an higher Rate of Portage than the Sum of one Penny for each such Letter; which Sum of one Penny shall be paid at the Time of the Delivery thereof: Provided nevertheless, that no such Letter shall be exempted from the Rate of Portage chargeable upon Letters according to the Laws now in force, unless every such Letter shall be directed to such Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private, employed in his Majesty's Service, specifying the Ship, Vessel, Regiment, Troop, Corps, Company, or Detachment, to which he may belong; and provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the Deputy Post-master of the Town or Place to which such Letter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such Letter to any Person except to the Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private, to whom such Letter shall be directed, or to any Person appointed to receive the lame by the Commanding Officer of the Ship, Vessel, Regiment, Troop, Corps, Company, or Detachment, to which the Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private, to whom such Letter shall be directed, shall belong.

IX. And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-rtxth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removals of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Postage of certain Letters *, and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail; it was declared and enacted, that, for every Angle Letter or Cover, containing one or more Paper or Papers, with Patterns, or containing one or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloth, Silk, or Stufl^ or one or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Goods, or one or more Piece or Pieces of any other Sort of Thing inclosed therein, or affixed thereto, though not Paper, if the same together did not weigh an Ounce, the Rates payable for a double Letter should be paid, and no more: And whereas it may be expedient to permit Patterns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff, and other Goods, and small Samples of other Sorts of Things, to be transmitted by the Port at a more easy Rate of Portage:’ Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Packet or Cover containing the rein, or having affixed thereto, one or more Paper or Papers with Patterns, or one or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff, or other Goods, or one or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Thing, not exceeding, together one Ounce in Weight, shall be chargeable and charged with no higher Rate of Portage than as a single Letter, so as every such Packet or Cover shall be sent open at the Sides, and without any Letter or Writing in, upon, or with such Packet or Cover, other than the Name or Names of the Person or Persons fending the same, and the Place or Places of his or their Abode, and the Prices of the Articles contained therein, or affixed thereto.

CAP. LIV.

Salt may be imported, or Bri-ti ill Salt used for curing Mac-knrel, &c. for Home Consumption, as for Herrings or Pilchards.

5 Geo. I. Cap. 18.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery.

[5th May 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Fisheries of this Kingdom should receive every reasonable Encouragement from Time to Time they may be found to require, and which it is in the Power of Parliament to bellow:’ May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Fish Curer in Great Britain to import any Quantity of Foreign Salt, or to take any Quantity of British) Salt from any Salt Works or Salt Pits, and to bring, carry, transport, and remove coastwise, the Saltfo imported or taken for the Purpose of curing Mackarel, or any Cod, Ling, Hake, or Salmon, being taken in the Mackarel Fishery, for Home Consump-tien, without paying any Duty to his Majesty for the same, except the Customs due on the Importation thereof, in as full and ample a Manner as any Curer or Curers of Fish engaged in the Herring or Pilchard Fishery are enabled to import, take, carry, and transport the same coastwise, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for the Purpose of curing Herrings or Pilchards for Home Consumption, and under and subject to all the Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Penalties, and with the same Remedies for the Recovery thereof, as in the said Acts, or in any After Acts of Parliament relating to Salt used in the said Herring or Pilchard Fishery, for curing Herrings or Pilchards for Home Consumption

are contained. K \

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the Afth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, it is enacted, That for every Barrel of Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond Seas, a Bounty of two Shillings and eight Pence shall be paid: And

A.D. 1795.

tricesimo

III.

C. 5 5

99

46. Geo. III. Cap. 45.

For every Parrel of Mackarel twice packed v;d cured, and exported, except to the Mediterranean, Bounty to be

whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, it is enacted, 'Fliat for every Barrel of Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall he landed from any Boat or Vessel, and which shall be afterwards properly salted and cured, there shall be paid a Bounty of one Shilling: And whereas it is expedient that the same Bounties should be given to the Persons engaged in the Mackarel Fishery Be it therefore enacted, Thar for every Barrel of White Mackarel twice packed and completely cured, and containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into any Parts beyond the Seas, (except into any Part or Parts in the Mediterranean, in which case no Bounty given by this Act: shall be payable or paid, any Thing herein after contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding,) a Bounty of two Shillings and eight Pence shall be paid; and for every Barrel of Mackarel which shall be landed from any Boats or Vessels, and which shall afterwards be properly failed and cured, there shall be paid a Bounty of one Shilling. ofis

III. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to Mackarel, &c. and for any Person or Persons to carry from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain to C2’rjc<1 any Port or Place in the said United Kingdom, any Mackarel, or any Cod, Ling, Hake, or Salmon,

being taken in the Mackarel Fishery, and cured for Home Consumption. Home Consumption.

IV. And be it further enfted, That the proper Otticer or Officers appointed to pay the Bounties given

by this A£! are hereby empowered and directed to retain and keep in their Hands the following Sums until the same shall amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds; that is to say. For every Barrel of Mackarel on which the Bounty of one Shilling shall be payable, the Sum of six Pence; and for every Barrel of Mfcckarel on which the Bounty of two Shillings and eight Pence Hull be payable, the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence; and to pay over the Sums so retained, for the Purpose of defraying the Costs and Charges attending the obtaining and patting this Act, to Thomas Rajhlehh, the Solicitor thereof: Provided that such Costs and Charges do not exceed, in the Whole, the Sum oftwo hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, that this Act, and all the Matters and Things contained therein, shall continue and be in force until the first: Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all Courts of Law as a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Receipts.

' i [$th 179'.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose

Officers for, paying Counties to retain Money to defray the Charges of this A a.

Continuance of Act.]

Public Act.

7

la

An additional Stamp Duty to be paid of 6d. on Receipts for ico I. and under 5001. j and a further addi-

1 u enacieu oy me rung s moir nxccnent jviajcity, oy and with itual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

_____#, ic. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there "shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, given for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to one hundred Pounds, and not amounting to five hundred Pounds,

shall be engrossed, written, or printed, over and above all other Rates and Duties already imposed thereon, t ere shall be charged an additional Duty of six Pence; and where the same shall amount to five hundred Pounds or upwards, there shall be charged a further additional Duty of one Shilling. 15. for sooXid cmvJ.L

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Re-

ce:p’s, Discharges, or Acquittances, which, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills f Exchange, Promissory Vyf/j, and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts; and for granting other Duties w lieu thereof which are particularly exempted from the Duties imposed by the said Act, ftnll also be, and are hereby exempted from the Duties imposed by this Act, as fully and amply as if the said Exemptions had been particularly repeated and enacted in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying the said Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are required and empowered to denote the

Receipts exempted by 31 Geo. Hi. c..p. not liable.

Duties to ?*> managed by the Commissioners for Stamps.

provided to be used in relition to any former Duties on S vide new Stamps for that Purpose, or to cause, if the<

if O 2

denoie

too

C. 55-

tricesimo quinto

A.D. 1795.

Provisions of 31 Geo. III. Cap. 25, hereby

altered, to

ccafc.

The* full Sum to be expressld in Receipts; and any Note, ice. {riven upon tin. Payment of Money, to be liable to Duty.

Receipts, ice. in full, liable to a Duty of 2$.

No Receipts, &c. available in Law lor more tlfiir therein

exp rifled,

unkfs on a 2 s. Stamp.

v

Memorandum^ &c. for Money r.ceived, though not signed, to be deemed Receipts. r

Penalty on

Perfor.s signing, &c. Receipts twftamped, See

denote the former Duties, and also the Duties granted by this Act, and to renew and alter the same respectively, from Time to Time, as they shall lee Occasion, and to do all Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any former Law

concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

IV. - And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Rules, Regulations, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the said recited Act contained, in relation to the said former Duties on such Receipts, Discharges, and Acquittances, for which other Provisions are expressly made by this Act, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, cease and determine, and be no longer put in Execution, save and except always as to the Rules, Regulations, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for the collecting, managing, recovering, and applying, any Arrears of the said former Duties on Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances, which may, on the said filth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, remain unpaid, and to any Penalty or Forfeiture, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before, or on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the several Powers, Provisions, and Remedies, for

recovering the same respectively.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the full and just Sum of Money for which any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance shall be given, and the true Date thereof, shall be bona fide respectively inserted therein; and that all Notes, Memorandums, or Writings whatever, given to any Person or Persons for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to forty Shillings or upwards, whereby any Sum of Money shall be acknowledged to have been paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, released, or in any Manner satisfied, or which shall in any Manner signify or denote such Acknowledgment as aforesaid, and whether the same shall or shall not be signed by or with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by or on whose Behalf the same shall be given, shall be respectively taken and construed to be Receipts within the true intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be liable to the respective Duties imposed thereon, as well by the said recited Act as this Act; and shall be paid and payable by the Person or Persons by whom, or on whose Behalf, such Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances shall be required, (except such Receipts., Discharges* or Acquittances as shall be at any Time or Times given upon the Payment of Money in respect of any Salary or Pension, Debt or other Sum, payable from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in all which Cases the Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons giving such Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances); and which Rates and Duties, in Default of Payment thereof according to the Regulations of this Act, shall and may be charged upon, and levied against the Person or Persons by whom the same are hereby made payable, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing whatever, given to any Person or Persons for or upon the Payment of Money which shall contain or express, or in any Manner signify or denote any general Acknowledgment of any Debt, Claim, Account, or Demand, or all or any Debts, Claims, Accounts, or Demands being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, released, or satisfied, or whereby any Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be in full, or in discharge or Satisfaction of all or any such Debts, Claims, Accounts, or Demands, or intended so to be, and whether the same shall or shall not be signed by or with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by or on whose Behalf the same shall be given, (half be deemed and taken to be a Receipt for the Sum of five hundred Pounds and upwards within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be liable to the Stamp Duty of two Shillings by the said recited Act and this Act imposed thereon; and no such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, Note* Memorandum, or Writing shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court to be useful or available in Law or Equity ab an Acknowledgment of any Debts, Claims, Accounts, ol Demands being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, ciifchargeJ, rJealtd, or satisfied, whether generally or otherwise, or for any other or greater Sum of Money than the Sum of Money therein expressed, unless the same shall be stamped with the proper Stamp to denote the said Duty of two Shillings hereby imposed; any Thing in such Receipt, Discharge, Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing

expressed notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Note, Memorandum, or

Writing whatever, given to any Person or Persons for or upon the Payment of Money, which shall contain or expiefs, or in any Manner signify or denote any Acknowledgment of any Part of any Debt, Claim, Account, or Demand being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, rdeased, or fat lifted, whether the lame shall or shall not be signed by or with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by or on whose Behalf the same shall be given, shall he deemed and taken to be a Receipt within the true Intent and Meaning of the said rcciied Act and this Act, and shall be liable to a Stamp Duty in respect of the Sum actually paid. S3

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who,

from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance given for or upon the Payment of Money liable to any Stamp Duty charged by the said recited Act or this Act upon any Piece or Vellum* Parchment, or Paper, without the same being first duly stamped or marked, with a Stamp or Mark as herein is directed, or upon which there shall be a Stamp or Mark of lower Denomination or Value -than is by the said recited Act and this Act charged in respect thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, in case trie Sum paid, contained or expressed, in such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, shall not amount to the

y

or

IOI

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55.

Sum of one hundred Pouness; and the Sum of twenty Pounds in case such Sum shall amount to one hundred Pounds or upwards.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Perforf or Persons who shall Persons giving

giyc any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, or any Note, Memorandum, or Writing, acknowledging *or the Payment of Money, in which a Jess Sum shall be express than the Sum actually paid or received, or a&UaIly paid, who shall separate or divide the Sum demanded or actually paid or received into divers Sums with Intent to &c. to*

e\adc the said Duties or any of them, or shall, with the like Intent, write off any Part of any Debt, Claim, Penalty.

or Demand, or who shall be guilty of or concerned in any fraudulent Contrivance or Device whatever with Intent or Design to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties by the said Act or this Act imposed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered in Manner as herein after is directed. V*

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, Vellum, &c. liable to any Stamp Duty by the said recited Act, or this Act, shall, before any of the Matters or Things to be ftauwpt thereby or hereby charged, shall be engroiled, printed, or written thereupon, be brought to the Head Office bef’ore wnttei% for stamping or marking Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; and the said Commissioners by themselves, or by upon> *c* their Officers employed under them, shall and may, from Time to Time, damp and mark, according to

the Directions of the said recited Act and this Act, any Quantities or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, before any of the Matters or Things thereby or hereby charged, shall be engrossed, printed, or written thereupon, upon Payment of the several Duties payable for the same by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act; and no Receipt, Discharge, Acquittance, Note, or Memorandum, or Writing aforesaid, liable to the Duties by the said recited Act or this Act imposed, or any of them, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court to be good, useful, or available in Law or Equity, unless the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper on which such Receipt, Discharge, Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing as aforesaid, shall be engrossed, printed, written, or made, shall be stamped or marked with a lawful Stamp or Mark, to denote the Rate or Duty as by the said recited Act or this Act is directed, or some higher Rate or Duty in the said recited Act or this Act contained; and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Officers, to stamp or mark any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with any Stamp or Mark directed to be used or provided by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, at any Time after any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, shall be engrossed, written, or printed thereon, under any Pretence whatever, except as herein is otherwise provided; any Thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained, or any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Receipt, Dif- Receipts, &c. charge, or Acquittance, given upon the Payment of Money, and written on Vellum, Parchment, or not stampt may Pape^ not stamped as by the said recited Act and this Act is directed, shall be brought to the said Com- be stamped

missioners, or their Officers employed by them for that Purpose, to be stamped according to the Directions tiroes herein

of the said recited Act and of this Act, within the Space of fourteen Days after such Receipt, Discharge, or prescribed,

Acquittance, shall be given, or shall bear Date, the same shall and may be permitted to be stamped, on upon Payment

Payment of the Sum of five Pounds, over aiul above the Duty payable for the same by virtue of the said of the Sums

recited Act and this Act; and if any such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, shall be brought to be h.erein men-

ft-mped as aforesaid, after the Expiration of such fourteen Day?, and within one Calendar Month after such tl0ncd*

Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance shall be given, or shall bejjr Date, the same shall and may be permitted

tu be stam;>, on Payment of the Sum of ten Pounds, over and above the Duty payable for the same, by virtue of the said lecited Act and this Act, and the proper Officer or Officers are hereby enjoined and

required, upon such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, being brought to them, within the respective

Times herein-before limited, and upon Payment of the Duty imposed thereon by the said recited Act or this Act, and the respcdhve Sums aforesaid, but not otherwise, to mark or stamp such Receipt, Discharge,

or Acquittance, with the proper Mark or Stamp by the said recited Act and this Act required for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed, shall (if sued for within the Space of three Calendar Months, from the Ti nc of any such Penalty or Forfeiture te.ng meurreef] be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with fill C (ts of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid; and which shall and may be sued for in any of his Majesty's Courts at IVtJhairifler* for Offences committed in England^ and in the Court of Great Sessions, for Offences committed in ll'alcs, and in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at ETinburfor Offences commuted in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no ElToin, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace, residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty; which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized ami required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, wirhin three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accukd, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fad, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Coufeftion or the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture as in and by this Act is ui raised, to be divided, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers; and to a*ard and iiluc out his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the levying the said Penalty so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cauie Sale to be

iff A made

How Penalties are to be divided, and recovered.

Justices may determine Offences which subject the Parties to pecuniary Penalties.

102

C. 55. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter o-ffions.

Penalties may be mitigated.

Witnesses not attending, dec. to forfeit 40 s.

Penalties not prosecuted for within the limited Time, recoverable only as is herein mentioned.

Persons counterfeiting Stamps, &c. guilty of Felony.

All Powers respecting former Duties, to extend to this Act.

Duties to be paid to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and by him paid into the Exchequer.

Duties to be an - Addition to the Revenue for defraying the inc reased

Charge of any

nude thereof in case they shall not be redeemed withirj six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any); and where the (roods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space ot three Calendar Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be iooner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Coffs as shall be awarded in case such judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General or Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, which shalt happen after fourteen Day next after such Conviction shall have been made, and of which Appeal reasonable Notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons appealing, to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall think fir, (reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation,) and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than a Moiety of the Penalties incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges 5 any Thing contained in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence, before such Justice, touching ally of the Matters relative to this Act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, his or her reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath or Affirmation, and give Evidence before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as is herein directed as to other Penalties.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Default of Prosecution within the Time herein-before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in Em land* or Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the respective Courts of ExchequeTTn England and Scotland, in which Case the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture (hq.ll belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties for the Time being; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered, after deduding all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures (o recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act for the Purpose of denoting any of the Duties by the said recited Act or this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Intention to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

t.f any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, sell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duties, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently ule any Stamp or iMark, directed or allowed to be used by the same recited Act or this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and dull fuller Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Allowances on present Payment of the Duties, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, (and not hereby altered,) shall be of full Force and Effect, with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing, the said Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation

to the said Duties hereby imposed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Duties herein-before granted

shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being deducted) into his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster, at such Time and in such Manner as other Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Consolidated Fund.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising, or to arise, of the said Rates or Duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other

IliP iWT Branches

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 56.

Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Yeats, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising Iron) the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on any Account whatever.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

[5th May 1795.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries j which Act was to continue in force from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for the Space and Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas an Act 1 was passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to extend the Provisions of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that the said first mentioned Act, together with the Alterations and Amendments made in the same by the last mentioned Act, should be continued for a limited Time, with Amendments therein Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, together with the Alterations and Amendments made therein by the said Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall be and continue in force from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for the Space and "I erm of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Jl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Buss or Vert'd which shall clear out of some Port in Great Britain for the said Fishery, between the first Day of June and the twentieth Day of ANovember in one and the same Year and shall proceed immediately upon the said Fishery, shall entitle the Owner or Owners thereof to the Bounties granted by the said Acts, or either of them, in the fatnc^ Manner as if such Buss or Vessel had cleared out of some Port in Great Britain between the first Day of June and the first Day of October in one and the same Year; any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That for all Herrings which shall be landed from any Boat or Vessel not entitled to the Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton, but entitled to the Bounty of one Shilling per Barrel, granted by the said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and which shall afterwards be properly salted and cured, there shall be paid a Bounty of one Shilling per Barrel, in Addition to the Bounty of one Shilling per Barrel, granted by the said Act, for such Herrings.

IV. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Herrings which shall have been landed at the firtiing Places upon the Coasts of Great Britain, and sprinkled with Salt, to be afterwards carried Coastwise in Bulk to the Residence of the Curers, were not subject to Forfeiture;’ to remove which Doubts, and for the greater Encouragement of the British Fishery, be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Curers of Herrings, ref iding in any Part of Great Britain, shall and may, during the Time of each and every Season of the British Fishery, carry Coastwise in Bulk, free of any Duty whatever. Herrings, or Cod, Ling, Hake, and Salmon, actually taken in the Herring Fishery, that shall have been landed and deposited in any Warehouse or Store under the Care and Inspection of the Salt Officers at any Place of Fishery upon the British Coasts, and there sprinkled with Salt taken out of any Warehouse under the Revenue Locks, for the Uses of the British Fishery, which Salt shall have been deposited, during the Time of the Fishery, in any Store or Warehouse for the Purpose only of sprinkling such Herrings or other Fish so taken, to preserve them until the same shall be afterwards carried Coastwise to that Part of Great Britain where such Herrings or other Fish are to be entirely cured, or otherwise disposed of: Provided always, that it shall be expressed in the Cocquet, 'Franfire, or other Coast Dispatch to accompany the said Herrings and other Fish, that no Bounty whatever has been paid or claimed upon the said Herrings and other Fish at any Time previous to the shipping of the same to be carried Coastwise; and that the said Herrings and other Fish (had be subject to all the Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, now in force under this,

any other Act or Acts for the Security of the Duties on Salt.

V. And whereas by an Act passed in Scotland in the third Session of the first Parliament of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for advancing and establishing the Fishing Trade in and about this Kingdom* it is among other Things enacted, That it mail be lawful to the Sheriffs, Baillics of Regalities, and Magistrates of Burghs, or any having Commission from them, not only to visit on all Occasions the curing and packing of Herring or White Fish in their respective Bounds, and also to pitch on any Barrel after it is made up and marked, and cause break open the same, and raise the Herrings, if they think fit, from the very Bottom; and in case they be not cured or packed as in the said Act is ordained, or that they be broken, bruited, spilt, or not gutted Herring or Fish among them, the said Sheriffs, Baillies, Magistrates,

or others commissioned by them, after the same is clearly proven by experienced and famous Witndics,

I 4 are

IO3

Loan of this Section, Sic.

26 Geo. III. Cap. 81, ar.d

27 Geo. III. Cap. 10, tc~ cited.

and continued for 2 Years.

Vessels clearing out between June and Nov. ao, entitled to Bounties.

Herrings not entitled to 20&. per Ton, but to 1 s. per Barrel, afterwards cured, to be per Barrel more.

Herrings, &c. sprinkled with Salt on landing, may be carried Coastwise in Bulk free of Duty.

Cocquet to express that no Bounty has been paid on such Fish.

Act in Scotland of 3d Session of ill Parliament of Queen Anne, rccutd.

and in Part rtpt..ievi.

Arrestments to Cpccify the Names of Vessels when Bounties are to be attached by Commissioners of Customs in Scotland.

Inhabitants of the United Provinces, employed in the

Herring

Fishery, &c. or in building Vessels, &c. coming to refute in this Kingdom, may, on certain Conditions, import Fish Duty free, export thtjn, be entitled to Bounties, carry on their Trades, &c.

S«ch Persons, Owners in Whole or in Part of Vessels, and bringing them into this Kingdom, may, by Order of the Privy Council, have them rc-girtcred, and be entitled 10 the Privileges of British-built

Veflete.

C. 56. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

arc thereby ordained to secure the whole Caflcs where the said insufficient Herring or White Fish shall be found, and the Persons to whom they belong shall pay for each Last one hundred Maiks Scots, the Half to be given to the Discoverer and the Rest to the Poor of the Parish, and proportionally for smallrr Quantities of such insufficient Herring or White Fish, and the said insufficient Herring or Fish shall be discharged to be exported at any Time thereafter;’ be it enacted, That so much of the said in Part recited Act as relates to the securing of Casks of Herrings for or in respect of any ungutted Herrings being found therein, and to any Fine or Penalty to be paid by the Person or Persons to whom any Casks of Herrings shall belong in respect of any ungutted Herrings being found therein, and to the discharging of the Exportation of any Casks of Herrings for or in respect of any ungutted Herrings being found therein, be, and the same is hereby repealed. ‘

VI. And whereas it frequently happens that Arrestments are used in the Hands of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, or their Receiver General, for the Purpose of attaching the Bounty that may be due to Proprietors of Vessels employed in the said Fishery, but in which no Specification is made of the Name of the Vessel whereof the Bounty is meant to be attached, whereby much Inconvenience and Hmbarrafiinent often ariib* there being many Persons of the same Name Proprietors of different Vessels,

wh’cn renders it difficult and uncertain with rrecifion what particular Bounty is intended to be attached*

whereby Payments have some Times been made notwithstanding such Attachments, at other Times Dtlays have been occasioned in Payment of Bounties not intended to be attached, all which might be remedied if in the Arrestments the Name of the particular Vessel was specified ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Arrestments to be used in the Hands of the said Commissioners or Receiver General, for the Purpose of attaching Bounties due to Owners of any of the said VdTels fitted out for the said Herring Fishery, the Schedule and Execution of the Arrestment shall specify the Name of the particular Veiled or Vessels whereof the Person against whom the Arrreftment is used may be Owner, and of which his Share of the Bounty is meant to be attached, otherwise such Arrestments shall be null and void.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, during tile Continuance of this Act, any Person, being a Subject or Inhabitant of the United Provinces, who has been employed in carrying on the Herring, Cod, Ling, Haddock, or other White Fisheries, or the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, or the Turbot Fishery, or in building Vessels, or in cutting Whalebone, or in making Nets or Barrels, or in preparing Salt for the said Fisheries, shall come into this Kingdom with Intent to rclide herein, and shall go before some Justice of the Peace, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or Principal Magistrate of some City or Town of this Kingdom, or before the Principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs in lo.ne Port of this Kingdom, and shall take the Oath of Allegiance to his Majesty, and shall obtain a Certificate of h;s having taken such Oath, which Oath and Certificate such Justice of the Peace, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, Magistrate, and Officer respectively, are hereby authorized and required to administer and give, on Payment of no greater Fee than two Shillings; and if such Person shall produce or transmit such Certificate to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively, and Gull make it appear to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, by Oath or Examination before them, or before Persons duly authorized by them for that Purpose, that he is a Subject or Inhabitant of the said United Provinces, and had been employed in some one or other of the said Fisheries, or in building Vessels, or in making Nets or Barrels, or in preparing Salt for the said Fisheries, and that he hath come into this Kingdom with Intent to reside herein, and to cany oil some one or other of the said Fisheries, Tracies, or Employments, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them, or for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, to grant to such Person a Certificate thereof; and such Person shall be forthwith entitled to enter for Importation, Duty free, and afterwards to re-export any Cargo of f ifth, or the Produce thereof, caught in any of the said Fisheries, which he may then have brought into the Ports of this Kingdom, and shall from thenceforth be authorized to carry on from the said Ports, the said Fisheries, or any of them, or to exercise in any Place therein any of the said Trades or Employments, and to import and export such Fish or Oil, or other Produce thereof, into or from any Ports of this Kingdom, in the same Manner, and with all the same Advantages, as any British Subject, and be entitled to all such Bounties, Premiums, and Emoluments, as are granted by either or both of the Acts continued by this present Act, and to no other, subject nevet theless, in the Case of claiming such Bounties, to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures; and such Person shall thereupon be entitled to becqmc the Master or Mariner of any BntiJI) Ship or Vessel, employed in carrying on any of the said

Fisheries. 1

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Person or Persons who shall have qualified, or shall qualify himself or themselves in Manner before directed, being the Owner in Whole or in Part of any Ship or Vessel heretofore employed in some one or other of the said Fisheries, has brought or shall biing any such Vessel into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, and shall prove, in the Manner directed in an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, having taken the Oath hereunto annexed, instead of the Oath required by the said Act, that he or they is or are the sole Owner or Owners, or that he or they, and foine other Person or Persons, being Subjects or Inhabitants o^f the said United Provinces, who shall have come to this Kingdom, and have proved the same in Manner before directed, or some British Subject or Subjects, are the sole Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and wfith the Advice of his Privy Council, to order such Ship or Vessel so owned to be registered, and to have a Certificate thereof, and such Ship or Vessel (ha>. by virtue thereof become entitled to the Privileges of a British-built Ship or VelTJ, under the Regulations and Restrictions herein after mentioned.

1: 7

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 56, 57. 105

IX. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall continue to be resident within this Kingdom, it shall be lawful for such Ship or Vessel to carry on any of the said Fisheries, and to import and export into and from this Kingdom, and to carry to the Port of any Country in Europe, the Fish caught in any such Fisheries, and the Oil and other Produce thereof, and such Ship or Vessel shall be entitled to the like Advantages as any British-built Ship or Vessel employed in any of the said Fisheries, and to all such Bounties, Premiums, and Emoluments, as are granted by either or both of the Acts continued by this Act, and to no other, subject nevertheless, in case of claiming such Bounties, to the same Duties, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures; and every such Ship or Vessel may import from any such Foreign European Port, in return for such Fish, Oil, or Produce, any Articles which any British-bviWl Ship may by Law import from thence, subject nevertheless to thp same Duties, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any British-built Ship employed in the like Trade: Provided always, that every such Ship or Vessel employed in the Manner before-mentioned, shall be manned, with the Number required by Law, either of British Seamen, or of Subjects or Inhabitants of the said United Provinces, who have come to and continue to reside within this Kingdom, and have qualified themselves in Manner before directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Person so qualified as aforesaid shall be entitled to purchase or take by Descent, and hold any Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (not exceeding one hundred Acres,) in the same Manner as any natural-born Subject of this Kingdom may now do.

Owners reside in the Kingdom such Vessels may import the Fish caught, export them, and import in return such Articles as British. built Ships, if properly manned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Person qualified in Manner before-mentioned, to imDort and bring into this Kingdom all such Ships, Tackle, and Furniture, and all Nets and other Articles employed in such Fisheries, and also all Household Goods and Wearing Apparel, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever, provided it shall be made to appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, that such Articles respectively are not imported by Way of Merchandize.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Oath before directed to be taken by the Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such Ship or Vessel, shall be in the Form and Manner following, as far as the lame is applicable to each or either of them:

Persons To qualified may purchase Estates not exceeding 100 Acres,

and may bring into the Kingdom Ships, Sec; Duty free.

Such Owners to take the following

I A.B. of (Place of Residence and Occupation) do make Oath that the Ship or Vessel (Name) of (Port or Oath. 4 Place j whereof (MaJleFs Name) is at present Matter, being (Kind of Built, Burthen, etcetera, as described in the Certificate of the Surveying Officer) was (zvhcn and where built, and when and where it came into this Kingdom); and that I the said A* B. and (the other Owners Names, and Occupations, if any, and where they respectively reside, videlicet. Town, Place, or Parish and County, or if Member of and, resident in any Fa ft ory in Foreign Parts, or in any Foreign Town or City, being an Agent for or Partner in any House or Copartnership, actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the Name of such Factory, Foreign Town, of City, and the Names of such House or Copartnerfmp) am (or arc) sole Owner or Owners) of the find Vessel, and that no other Person or Persons whatever, hath or have any Right, Title, Interest, Share,

or Property, therein or thereto; and (if a British Subject) that I the said A.B. (and the said other Owner s+

if any) am (br are) truly and bona fide a Subject or Subjects) of Great Britain, and that I the said A. B

have not (nor have any of the other Owners, to the befi of my Knowledge and Belief) taken the Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign State whatever (except under the Terms of some Capitulation, describing the Particulars thereof)-, or that, since my taking (or his or their taking) the Oath of Allegiance to (naming the Foreign States respectively to which be or any of the said Owners shall have taken the same), and prior to the passing of an Act, of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act g far the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, I.have (or ht or they hath or have)

become a Subject or Subjects) ot Gretit Britain, (either by his Majesty's Letters Patent, as a Denizen 4 (or Denizens) or naturalized by Act of Parliament, as the Case may be, naming the Dates cjf the Letters of Denization, of the Act or Acts of Parliament for Naturalization respectively); or (as the Case may be) I have 4 (or be or they hath or have) become a Denizen or Denizens, or naturalized Subject or Subjects, as the Qjfe may be) of Great Britain, by his Majesty's Letters Patent, or by an Act of Parliament, patted since the first Day of January one thousand ('even hundred and eighty-six, (naming the Times when such Letters cjf Denization have been granted respectively, or the Tear or Tears in which such Act or Acts of Naturalization have faffed respectively,) or (if not a British Subject) that 1 A.B. and the other Owners, if any, being a Subject or Subjects, Inhabitant or Inhabitants, of the United Provinces, or having been an Inhabitant or Inhabitants thereof, and now resident in this Kingdom, (describing the Particulars thereof as to Pin ce and Date,) have (or he or they hath or have) taken the Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance to his Majesty the King of Great Britain, (describing the Times when, the Place where, ond before whom taken,)

and that no Foreigner, not having complied with the Conditions above-mentioned, directly or indirectly, hath any Share, or Part, or Interest, in the said Ship or Vessel.’

CAP. LVII.

An Act to indemnify Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

[$th May 1795.]

35 Geo. III.

p

CAP.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

35 Ceu III.

CjJf. HZ.

Every Vessel exceeding 13 Tons used on Navigable Rivers, and Inland Navigations, to be registered.

Certificate of Registry to be in the following Form.

Fee for Registry and Certificate.

Particulars of Registry to be verified on Oath of the Master if required, &c.

Admiralty to appoint Surveyors of Vessels.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

[5th May 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to ascertain the Quantity of Vessels employed in the Inland Trade and Navigation of Great Britain, and the Number of Men retained in navigating the same may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, exceeding the Burthen of thirteen Tons, which, from and after the fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon any River, Canal, or other Inland Water or Navigation in Great Britain, shall be registered in Manner herein after mentioned; and that the Person or Persons claiming the Property therein shall, on or before the said fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, cause the same to be registered, and shall obtain a Certificate of such Registry from the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, Sheriff Depute, or Stewart Clerk of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Division, or Place to which such Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel shall belong, in the Manner herein after directed, or from their respective Deputies; and that every such Register and Certificate respectively shall truly set forth, whether the Vessel so to be registered be a Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or what other Vessel, and also the Name or Names, with the Place or Places of Abode of the Master or Person having the Charge or Command thereof, together with the Number and Capacities of all and every Person and Persons respectively then and usually employed in working the same, and also the Burthen thereof, and also, to the best of his or their Belief, (halt give a just Account of the Line and Extent of the Navigation in which such Vessel hath been usually navigated, and where situated; and that the Form of such Certificate shall be as follows; videlicet,

1 JN pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled* 4 An Act [Here fetforth the Title of the Act] having this Day declared to me

Clerk of the Peace for the of that is at present Master of the and that the said admeasures Tons, and no more

and is at present worked by the Number of Persons, in the several Capacities under-mentioned 3 videlicet*

Number of Men employed on board the Capacity on board.

And that the Line and Extent of the Navigation in which the said navigated is from to v extending

do hereby certify, that the said is duly registered at my Office,

ticulars herein set forth. Given under my Hand at this

Year of our Lord

has been usually Miles, or thereabouts; I and described under the Par-Day of in the

Signed A, B*

For which Registry and Certificate so granted, every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, Sheriff Depute* or Stewart Clerk, shall be entitled to demand and receive from the Person making such Register, and granting such Certificate, the Fee of two Shillings and six Pence, and no more.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Particular herein-before required to

be inserted in the Register to be entered under this Act, and Certificate to be granted thereupon, shall be verified on the Oath or Affirmation of the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Vessel previous to the Registry thereof, (if the same shall be required by any Person or Persons appointed, as herein-afeer is mentioned, by the Commissioners for the Time being for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of them,) which Oath may be administered by the Chief Magistrate of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, or by any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place of such Registry, and for the administering of which Oath or Affirmation the Sum of one Shilling* and no more, shall be paid. {y, r y

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Admiralty-may, and they are hereby authorized to appoint, by Warrant or Commission under their Hands, in every County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Division, or Place, in Great Britain, (when and wherever they shall see Occasion,) one or more Person or Persons to survey, examine, and admeasure, all such Vessels as aforesaid, as shall be kept or worked in or upon any such River, Canal, or other Inland Water or Navigation, as

aforesaid

C. 5®*

her Person any such

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quirtto Georgii III.

aforesaid; and that, on the Production of any such Warrant or Commission, the Matter, or c

having-the Charge or Command of any such Vessel, which shall be kept or worked in or upt __________

River, Canal, or other Inland Water or Navigation, and which shall have been registered, and shall have procured a Certificate of the Registry thereof, shall, upon Demand, produce such Certificate of Registry to such Officer or Officers; and such Officer or Officers respectively (taking to his or their Assistance, if he or they shall judge it necessary, one or more Person or Persons (killed in the Building and Adrncafure-ment of such Vessels) shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to go on board every Vessel kept, worked, or rowed, as aforesaid, (whether such Vessel shall have been registered under this Act or not,) and accurately examine and admeasure the same, as to all and every Particular contained, or directed to be inserted in the Register or Certificate herein-before required, in the Presence of the Matter, or of such other Person as shall have the Charge of such Vessel, and shall set down in Writing a just Account of all such Particulars as are specified or required by this Act to be specified in the Register, or Certificate of Registry above-mentioned, and shall require the Matter, or other Person aforesaid, to sign his Name to the Account of such Surveying Officer or Officers; and such Matter, or other Person aforesaid, shall sign his Name to such Account accordingly, unless he shall dillent from the Particulars set forth and described therein, in which Case such Matter or other Person shall, and he is hereby required to set down in Writing his Reasons for such Diflent at the Foot of such Account, and sign the same accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons herein required to cause any such Vessel to be registered shall neglect or refuse to register the same, and demand a Certificate thereof, within the Time herein limited for that Purpose; or shall wilfully deliver to any Person or Persons hereby authorized to make such Registry as aforesaid, a false Description of any of the Particulars hereby required to be contained in such Register, and Certificate thereof; or shall wilfully obstruct any Surveying Officer or Officers, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, in surveying, examining, or admeasuring, any such Vessel, or in going on board, or being on board the same for that Purpose, or shall aflaulc such Surveying Officer or Officers, or any Person acting in the Aid or Assistance of such Surveying Officer or Officers, in the Execution of this Act; or if any Person or Persons herein-before author.zed to make such Registry, and grant such Certificates of Registry, or to survey, examine, or ad me a fine any such Vessel, and to take an Account thereof, shall knowingly make any faife Register, or grant any false Certificate, or make out any false Account in regard to any of the Particulars required by this Act, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to grant a Certificate, (the same being demanded according to the Directions of this Act,) he or they, on being convicted thereof in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, Courts of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery in England, or Courts of Great Sessions in tPalcs, or in the Court of Judiciary or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, exceeding the Burthen of thirteen Eons, as aforesaid, shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon any River, Canal, or other Inland Water or Navigation, at any Time after the said fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, during the Continuance of this Act, without being duly registered, and Certificate thereof duly obtained, according to the Directions of this Act, every such Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any such Surveying Officer or Officers appointed under the Authority of this Act; and the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof shall, for every Day on which such Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, as aforesaid, contrary to this Act, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Owner or Master of any Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or ether Vessel, passing upon any such River, Canal, or Inland Water or Navigation, shall cause the true Number of T ons Burthen thereof, and also the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners thereof, and the Place to which such Vessel shall belong, to be painted in large white Capital Figures on a Black Ground, four Inches in Length at the least, and of a proportionable Breadth, on the Outside of the Stern of every such Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, higher than the Place to which the same shall fink into the Water when fully laden, and to continue the same thereupon in a distinct and legible Manner, so long as fjch Vessel shall be used as aforesaid; and every Owner, Master, or other Person having the Care or Command of any Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, or who shall navigate the same upon any such River, Canal, or other Inland Water or Navigation, without having such Figures thereon as herein before directed, or who shall wilfully alter, erase, deface, or destroy, such Figures, or any Part thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor lc(s than five Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as to every Lighter, Barge, Boat, Whefry, or other Vessel, which shall begin to be kept or worked at any Time after the said fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and during the Continuance of this Act, in or upon any such River, Canal, or other Inland Water or Navigation, the same shall be duly registered, and Certificate thereof duly obtained, in the Manner herein-before directed; and shall be surveyed and admeasured, and the Burthen thereof ascertained, and duly marked, according to the Directions of this Act, before the same shall be so worked, or rowed or navigated thereon, under Pain of forfeiting the respective Penalties and Forfeitures herein-before mentioned, with respect to the like Vessels so worked, rowed, or navigated, on or before the said fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

ViU. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person herein-before required and authorized to make and enter Registers, and grant Certificates, shall cause every such Register to be duly cmeted in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, in the Order in which the same shall be made'; and shall,

on

107

Matters to pro-duccc Certificatesof Registry to Surveyors, who may ad-

measure Vef-tVb, tec. and require Master* to sign Accounts of Particulars of Registry.

Matters dissenting, to set down their Reasons at the Foot of such Accounts.

Penalty on Persons neglecting to register Vessels, delivering false Descriptions, obttrutft. ing Surveyors, making false Registers, granting false Certificates, or neglecting to grant Certificates,

Vessels used without Registry forfeited,

and the Master liable to Penalty.

Burthen, Names of the Owners, dec. to be painted on Vessels, on Penalty.

Vessels begun to be worked after June 15, to be registered, tec.

Registers to be entered in a Kook, and by, Au?. 15, i7,;s, an £xtrad c*t

ro8

them to !)C transmitted to the Admiralty in the following

Form.

Penalty for

neglecting to transmit £x-tracts of Registers, &c.

To what Places Vessels shall be deemed to belong.

Penalty for falsely (wearing, counterfeiting Certificates,

Act not to extend to Vessels of the Royal Family, or for Pleasure.

How Penalties may be recovered and applied.

Continuance of Act.]

C. 58. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

on or before the fifteenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, make out and transmit to the Commissioners of the Admiralty aforesaid, signed by him, and in his Name, a true and faithful Extract of all such Registers, distinguishing, by the respective Titles of such Extrads, the particular Rivers, Canals, or other Inland Waters or Navigations, in or upon which each Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, then was and had been usually navigated; and which shall be made in the Form following: videlicet y S'

Navigation from to in the of extending

Miles, or thereabouts.

N° of Vessels Kind Burthen Number

registered of of Master's Name. of Men Capacities.

progressive. Vessel. D°. employed.

I '

And if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to transmit such Extra# of all such Registers, or shall wilfully transmit any false Extra# thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds. m\ *.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place to which any such Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel shall be deemed and taken to belong for the Purposes of this Act, shall be any one of the Counties, Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Divisions, or Places in which such River, Canal, or other Inland Water or Navigation, whereon such Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, shall run or be, or the xMaster or other Person having the Charge.or Command thereof, shall usually reside.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters herein-before required to be so verified, such Person or Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury; and that if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify, any Certificate required or directed to be obtained by this Act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any Certificate so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require to be registered, according to the Directions of this Act, any Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, under whatsoever Description the same may fall, being the Property of his Majesty, or the Royal Family, or any of them, or any Boat used foiely for Pleasure; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by

this Act (except as herein is otherwise specially directed) shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in such Courts, and be disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties or Forfeitures infli#, or which may be incurred, for any Offence committed against the Laws of Excise may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and that the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act, shall be entitled to and receive the same Share of the Produce arising from such Seizures, as in the Case of Seizure for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty for any Offence against this Act, as any Officer or Officers is or are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties. > #. I

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall have Continuance until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 59.

C A' P. Lix.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England \ and to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His prelenc Majesty, intituled, /In /1ft for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited Time.

[5th May 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the encreased Charge oc-

cafioned by any Loan to be raised or Stock to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the further and additional Duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be erucled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties already iraposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say.

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend,) which shall be used or employed for the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, l ilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, other than and except such Counties and Districts of the Highlands as in an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British-/m7<& Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, are particularly specified, described, and enumerated, there shall be charged the Annual Sum of nine rounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend,) which shall be used or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland for the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the Annual Sum of Fifteen Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, l ube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend,) which shall be used or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland, for the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign ref used Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Melasses and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, the Annual Sum of eighteen Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend,) which shall be used or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland\ for the rec-lifying, compounding, or mixing, of any Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters, the Annual Sum of nine

Pounds:

For and upon all Licences to be granted by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the crofting, keeping, and working Stills, within the Highlands of Scotland, within the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Limits, in the said recited Act particularly specified and described, the additional Duties following; that

J \\. Limits specified

Upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every such Still, (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, l ube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend,) which shall be used or employed in distilling and drawing off Spirits from the Barley,

lot*

From October

jo, 1795, the following additional Duties to be paid in Scotland:

For each Gallon of the Content of every Still for making Spirits, (save as excepted by33 Geo. Hr. Cap. 61), where British Materials are used, 9l. annually 3

for each Callon, where Melasses or Sugar are used, 15 1. j and

where other Foreign Materials are used,

iS 1. y

and for each Gallon of rectifying Stills, 9l. -

Additional Duties to be paid for Licences for. Stills withiit the in recited Act:

Fcr each Gallon of such Stills used in making Spirits from Ei-rley, &c. the Produce of the

IIO

C. 59. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Counties men- ley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of the several and respective Counties in the said recited Act mentioned,

tioned inneited the additional Composition, Licence Duty, or Sum, at the Rate of twenty Shillings by ih? Year and for

Act, 208. an- aiK] ljpon all Spirits which shall be manufactured from such last mentioned Stills, over and above the Quan-

nu3lly; and t*,ty limited by the salt! recited Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, an additional

mad^over the Duty of eight Pence for each Gallon of such surplus Spirits.

Quantity limited by that Act, 3d. additional. v *. vfy

For each Gallon of Stills used in England for making Spirits from Eritirti Matmal*, for Exportation to Scotland, 91. annually j

for each Gallon where Melaflts or Sugar are uferl, 15 L j and

where other Foreign Materials are used, iSl-j

and for each Gallon oirtftifying Stills, 9l.

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, l ube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend,) which shall be used or employed by any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Com, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, Perry, or other Wash, or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the

Annual Sum of nine Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, l ube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high. as the Steam can ascend,) which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from MelalVes or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the Annual Sum of fifteen Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English) Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, 1'ube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascendj which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Melasses and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the Annual Sum of eighteen

Pounds:. *. i > .-t \

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, l ube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend,) which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing, of any Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Annual Sum of nine Pounds.

Part of 33 Geo. III. Cap. 61, recited.

and -repealed;

and no Licence to be granted for a Wash Still ot a less Content than 52 Gallons, or for a rectifying Still of less Content than 20 Gallons.

Licences which have been granted for Stills of a >arger Capacity than expressed in recited Act

tc be valid.

II. And whereas by the said Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid, it was among other Things enacted, that it should not be lawful to grant any such Licence, as in the said Act is mcn-« tioned, to.any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Spirits, for or in respect of any Wash Still which should not in the Body thereof, and exclusive of the Head, be of the Content or Capacity less than fifty- two Gallons, English) Wine Measure, and that it should not be lawful to grant any such Licence to any Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, of Spirits, for or in respect of any Still for rcdli- fying, compounding, or mixing, which should notin the Body thereof, and exclusive of the Head, be of the Content or Capacity less than twenty Gallons, English Wine Measure: And whereas it was intended that no such Licence as is first above-mentioned should be granted for or in respect of any Wash Still,

which should in the Body thereof be of a Content or Capacity less than fifty-two Gallons, and that no such Licence as is secondly abovementioned should be granted for, in respect of any Still for rectifying,

compounding, or mixing Spirits, which should in the Body thereof be of a Content or Capacity less than twenty Gallons; and it is therefore expedient to repeal the said recited Prohibitions and Provisions, and to enact the Prohibitions and Provisions herein after mentioned in lieu thereof:’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Prohibitions and Provisions shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that it shall not be lawful to grant any such Licence as in the said Act is in that Behalf mentioned, to any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Spirits, for or in respect of any Wash Still, which shall in the Body thereof, exclusive of the Head, be of a Content or Capacity less than fifty-two Gallons, English Wine Measure; nor to grant any such Licence as is in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned to any Redifier or Redifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, for or in respect of any Still for rectifying, compounding, or mixing, which shall in the Body thereof, and exclusive of the Head, be of a Content or Capacity less than twenty Gallons, English Wine Measure; and that the said Prohibitions and Provisions hereby enacted shall be, and the same are hereby extended to the Purposes of this Act.

III. And whereas the Commissioners and Officers of Excise, in that Part of Great Britain called Seot- land, may have, since the passing of the said Act, granted Licences for Stills exceeding the respectiveCon- tents or Capacities herein-before mentioned: And whereas Doubts may be entertained whether the said Commissioners and Officers were authorized by Law to grant such Licences Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Licences granted by or under the Authority of the Commissioners and

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 59.

in

Officers of Excise, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, since the passing of the said recited Act, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes* notwithstanding of the same having been granted for Stills exceeding the respective Contents and Capacities expressed in the before recited Clausers; and that the said Commissioners of Excise, and the Officer or Officers acting under them, or by their Authority, for the licensing of Stills, shall be, and they hereby are fully indemnified, freed, and discharged, from any Penalty, Disability, Action, Suit, or Prosecution whatever, for or in respect of the granting any such Licences for Stills exceeding the respective Capacities or Contents herein-before mentioned.

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, without first taking out such Annual Licence as is by the said Act prescribed; and by the said Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain Duties are imposed for or in respect of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still used or employed for the making or diddling of Low Wines or Spirits from certain Materials therein mentioned, in any Part or Place in Scotland, except such Counties and Districts of the Highlands as are specified in the said Act; and that 110 Person or Persons should erect, set up, use, employ, or work, any Still or Stills for any of the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, in any Part of Scotland aforesaid, without taking out such Licence for that Purpose in Manner mentioned and directed in and by the said Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year aforesaid; and that, upon or previous to the granting of any such Licence, the Person or Persons applying for the same should, on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and so afterwards, at or before the End of every two Months, pay down, in Ready Money in Advance, a sixth Part of the Yearly Duty payable by that Act in respect of such Licence: And whereas, by the said last mentioned Act, the Commissioners of Excise, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are authorized and required, in Manner prescribed by the said Act, to allow or repay, 4 within two Months, to every Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, who shall have given or left due Notice of his, her, or their Intention to make, rectify, or compound. Spirits for Exportation from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England, a proportional Abatement of the Licence Duty paid by such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders: And whereas, in lieu and indead of such Distillers, Rectifiers, or Compounders, who shall have given such Notice as aforesaid, paying down in Ready Money, in Advance, such Licence Duty, and the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland allowing or repaying the lame in Manner aforesaid, it is expedient to require all such Distillers, Rectifiers, and Compounders, to give such Bond as is herein after prescribed :* lie it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, in lieu and indead of such Payments in Advance, and of such Allowances or Repayments, all and every Distiller or Distillers. Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have made due Entry, and given or left due Notice of his, her, or their Intention to make, rectify, or compound Spirits for Exportation from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England, shall give Bond, with sufficient Surety or Sureties, in the Penalty of a Sum equal to one sixth Part of the Annual Licence Duty for each and every

under whatever

'U

28 Geo. III. Cap. 46, and

33 Geo. III. Cap. 61, recited.

________ # It, I ills, cycler, or rerry, or other warn or liquor maoe or orewea rrom any

of the Materials mentioned in the said Act, that no such Still or Stills shall, during the Time that such Entry shall remain in force, or not withdrawn, be used, employed, or worked, for the diddling, making, manufacturing, rectifying, or compounding, any Low Wines or Spirits which shall not be duly exported to, and landed, and paid Duty for, in that Part of Great Britain called England; which Bond the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, are hereby directed to lake in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use.

V. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or he deemed or con-

drued to extend, to entitle any Person or Persons to make, redlity, or compound Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England, Cave and except such Persons as were authorised and empowered so to do by the Laws in force immediately before the passing of this Act. '

VI. And, for the more ededlually preventing the Removal, carrying, or conveying, any such Spirits, made or distilled within the Limits of that Part of Scotland called The Highlands, as described in the said recited Act of the thirty-third of his present Majesty, out of the said Limits across the Line or Bounds therein described, into that Part of Scotland called The Lowlands, or Southern Parts of the Kingdom; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall (ell, deliver, receive, or buy, or knowingly permit or suffer to be sold, delivered, received, or bought, any such Spirits so removed, earned, or conveyed, contrary to the Prohibitions in the Acts made in the twenty-filth and thirty-third Years

In Head of Pay-itu r.t of Licence Duties in Advance by Dif-tiJlers, and Abatement of a Propottion to those making Spirits for Exportation to o England, as di-rctfed by recited ,) Acts, a Bond ts to be given as htivin directed.

Person to make Spirits in Scotland for Exportation to England, not authorized to do so before passing this Act.

501. PenaLyon

Perfors removing Spirits from The Highlands to The Lowlands, contrary to Act of 25

33 Geo. III.;

112

C. 59. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

n't on Persons retailing Spirits in Scotland witlrout Li-

cence.

33 Geo. III. Cap. 61, and

31 Geo. III. Cap. x, recited, and the additional Duties imposed by the latter on Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, declared

of his present Majesty, or either of them, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall retail any Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other BritiJ,1) Materials, and which Spirits are commonly called and known by the Name of Aqua f'ita, in that Paitof Great Britain called Scotland, without first taking out an Excise Licence authorizing such Person or Persons to retail such Spirits, in the Manner required and directed by an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought or carried Coajhvife into Scotland, and for granting other Duties on Licences to fell certain di/lilled Spirituous Liquors in lieu thereof and renewing the same Yearly, so long as such Person or Persons shall continue to retail such Spirits, he, she, or they, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VIII. And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British-made Spirit*

from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England,y^r a limited "time, it was enacted, that the several Rates and Duties granted and imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force upon Low Wines or Spirits for Home Consumption, or upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, used in Scotland in the Distillation of Spirits, and upon any Licence required to be taken by any Distiller or Maker of Spirits, from Corn, Malt, or other Materials, or by any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits in Scotland, (save only and except any Arrears then due in respect of such Rates or Duties,) should be discontinued from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety three: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether by the said recited Act the additional Duties imposed for a limited Time by another Act, maJe in the thirty-first Year of the Reign aforesaid, among other Things for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, for Spirits made or manufac- tured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, and payable by the Importer before trie landing thereof, and which were continued and made perpetual by another Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid, are not repealed Now to obviate all such Doubts, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duties for Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, are not repealed by the said recited Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of Briti fh-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited Time.

not repealed by the former Act.

33 Geo. III. Cap. 61, recited;

and Duties thereby imposed on Licences to Distillers in England to export Spirits to Scotland, made perpetual.

Recovery and Application of Fines.

Duties to be raised, &c. according to the Laws now in force.

IX. And whereas by the said Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid, certain Excise Duties were imposed for a limited Time therein mentioned, on Licences to be taken out by Distillers of Spirits in Scotland, for Exportation, from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England; and certain other Excise Duties were also thereby imposed on Licences to be taken out by Distillers in England, for Exportation, from thence to Scotland: And whereas the said Licence Duties first above-mentioned were, by an Act made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign aforesaid, continued and made perpetual; and it is expedient in like Manner to continue and make perpetual the Licence Duties last above mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid, for or in respect of Licences by the said Act: directed to be taken out by Distillers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be, and the same are hereby continued and made perpetual, and that the same shall be paid and payable by such Persons, at such Times, and in such Manner, and subject and liable to such Repayments, Allowances, and Abatements, and under and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the said Duties were payable by the said Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act; and the same shall continue to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, (the Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) and be carried to, and made Part of, the Consolidated Fund.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures* by this Act created and imposed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, (not otherwise directed by the said recited Act of the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign,) shall he to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed shall, from Time to Time, be raised, received, recovered, secured, and paid, by such Persons, at such Times, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subject to such other Powers, and subject to the like Allowances, Repayments, Abatements, Rules, and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form, (except whefe otherwise expressly directed by this Act,)

*3 as

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 60 - 62. 113

ps by the said Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force concerning the several Matters and Things respectively for or in respect whereof any Duty is by this Act imposed, is directed or prescribed; and that all the Provisions, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Directions, mentioned in and contained in the said Acts respectively, (except as aforesaid,) shall be, and the lame are hereby continued, and made perpetual; and the same shall be practised, and put in Execution, as well for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying, the said several and respective Duties by the said Act of the thirty-third Year aforeiiiid, as by this Act imposed; and for the making any Repayment, Allowance, or Abatement, in Manner in the said Act directed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and enacted in this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Duties by ftutifi this Act imposed, (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Monies ca^rie^dtp^" fa paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Consolidated Consolidated Fund. J # Fund;

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies and to be arising, or toarife, by the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the deemed an Act. Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created Revenue

or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that defraying the the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt of his Ma- encreaicd jesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and Charge occa-that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period f,0fied bx any of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. LX.

An Act for applying certain Sums of Money raised in the County of Stafford by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom.

[5th May 1795.]

CAP. LXI.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual assessing and collecting 0/ the Rates for the Relief of the Poor in the Parish of Saint Botolph Bishopsgate, in the Liberties of the City of London; for providing a Workhouse for the Recep-tien of the Poor of the said Parish; and for the Employment, Maintenance, and Regulation, of the said Poor therein.

[5th May 1795.]

CAP. LXII.

An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General to open and return certain Letters, contained in the Mails made up at the General Post Office in London, for the United Provinces, on the Thirteenth, Sixteenth and Twentieth Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and now remaining in the said General Post Office.

[19th May 1795 ]

WHEREAS certain Mails of Letters, which were made up at the General Post Office in London on the thirteenth, sixteenth, and twentieth Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and were intended to be sent from the said General Post Office unto the United Provinces have been detained by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries af State, and the said Mails of Letters are now remaining in the said General Post Office: And whereas many of the Persons by whom the said Letters were written, signed, or sent, have applied to his Majesty's Postmaster General to have the same returned to them, and Doubts being entertained whether his Ma-iesty's Postmaster General is authorized by Law to return the same Be it therefore enacted by the Kine’s Aloft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, if any Person or Persons by whom or from whom any Letter or Letters contained in the said Mails respectively were written or signed, or sent to the Post Oflice, should be deflrous to have the same returned, upon Application in Wri: nvg, being made to his Majesty's Postmaster General at any Time within three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, for the Return of any such Letter or Letters, by the Person or Persons who wrote c r signed or sent the said Letters respectively to the Post Office, or any orher Person or Persons duly authorzed for that Purpose by the Person or Persons who wrote, fig;*d, or sent the same respectively, eac h written \p. piica’ion being made at the General Post Office in London, and being signed by the Persons respectively making the same, and containing respectively cither Duplicates of the respective Letters applied for, or Conics ot to r<fpcchvc D1 redeems thereof, such Copies of the Directions to be in the same Hand Writing as the

ye Directions of which they purport to be Copies, and each written Application also fating forth i\vj 35 (jeo. IU, 0. 0 N

Preamble, reciting that Mails intended to be sent to the United P10-vinces have been detained.

PoAmaAer General may open and return Letter* in fud| Ma*h»

114 C. 62. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Persons applying lor Letters to make Oath of certain Particulars.

Letters from Persons residing in Foreign Parts may be returned to their Correspondents in London unopened.

Oath to be made to certain Particulars by Persons applying for such Letters.

Letters not applied for in three Months after parting this Act may be detained till ordered to be forwarded by the Lrcretary of State.

For preventing Frauds the following Oath9 to be taken:

Names of the Persons respectively who have in Writing subscribed, or the Names of the Persons respectively which are printed, set, or affixed, to such Letters respectively, it shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary, for the Postmaster General, or any Officer or Officers of the Post Office to be authorized and empowered by such Postmaster General, in Writing, to open such Letters respectively, for which Application shall be so made, in the Presence of the Person or Persons applying for the same respectively; and, in case the Namej subscribed in Writing, or (he Names of the Persons printed, set, or affixed, to such Letters respectively, shall be found to be those which had been so declared in such Writing as aforesaid, to return the (’aid Letters respectively, together with whatever shall appear to be contained therein, to the Person or Persons applying for the same respectively: Provided nevertheless, that, before any such Letter or Letters shall be so returned as aforesaid, the Persons respectively applying for the same shall first make Oath, to be administered as herein after is mentioned, that they did write or sign or fend the said Letters respectively to the Post Office, or that the Person or Persons by whose Authority they demand the Return of such Letters respectively did, to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, write or sign or fend the same respectively to the Post Office, and that the Name or Names subscribed in Writing, printed, set, or affixed, to such Letters respectively, were so subscribed, printed, set, or affixed, by the Persons respectively making such Application, or by their respective Directions, or to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, by or by the Authority of the Persons respectively on whose Behalf such Application is made, and whose Names are so subscribed, printed, set, or affixed; and further, that such Person or Persons as apply under the Authority of any other Person or Persons shall also first make Oath, to be so administered as herein after mentioned, that he or they is or are duly authorized by such other Person or Persons to apply for the Return of such Letters respectively.

1L 4 And whereas there maybe contained in the said Mails several Letters from Persons refidingin Parts

beyond the Seas, which have been transmitted by such Persons to their respective Correspondents in London,

in order to be by such Correspondents put into the said General Post Office, and forwarded by the Post unto the said United Provinces, and which may have been accordingly put into the said General Post Of- fice; and it is apprehended that there are written or indorsed upon all or the greater Part of such last- mentioned Letters so put into the said General Post Office, the Name or Names of the Person or Persons,

or the Firm of the House or Houses to whom such Letters respectively have been transmitted, and by whom

they have been forwarded: And whereas such Persons so fefiding in Parts beyond the Seas may not have an Opportunity of applying under the Provisions hereinbefore contained for the Return of such Letters,

and it is apprehended that it will be a great Convenience to them that their Correspondents in London, who forwarded such Letters to the said General Post Office, should be authorized to receive them back :* Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if Application shall be made to the Postmaster General, at any Time within the Space of three Calendar Months from and after the passing of this Act, by the Person or Persons who so respectively wrote or indorsed, or authorized to be written or indorsed, the Name of the Person or Persons, or the Firm of the House or Houses by whom such last mentioned Letters respectively were put into the said General Post Office, such Application being made, in Writing, at the said General Post Office, and being signed by the Person or Persons respectively making the same, and containing respectively Copies of what shall be so wrote or indorsed upon such Letters respectively, such Copies respectively to be in the same Hand Writing as the Hand Writing indorsed upon such last mentioned Letters respectively; and if upon comparing such Copies of what shall be so written or indorsed upon such Letters with the Letters respectively, it shall appear that the Copies are in the same Hand Writing as are indorsed upon such last mentioned Letters respectively, it shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary, for the Postmaster General, or any Officer or Officers of the Post Ofiyre, to be authorized as aforesaid, to deliver such last mentioned Letters respectively without opening the same to the Person or Persons respectively applying for the same; such Person or Persons first making Oath, to be administered as herein after mentioned, that he or they did receive such last mentioned Letter or Letters respectively from his or their Correspondent or Correspondents residing in Parts beyond the Seas, for the PurT pose of being forwarded by the Post from London unto the said United Provinces, and that such Person or Persons so applying as last aforesaid, did write or indorse, or caused to be written or indorsed, upon such Letter or Letters respectively, the Words and Figures which shall appear to be written or indorsed thereon respectively, and that such Person or Persons did put, or cause to be put, stich Letter or Letters into the said General Pod-Office, in order to be forwarded by the Post unto the said United Provinces, in the said respective Mails, or some or one of them.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Postmaster General shall and may, notwithstanding any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary, detain and keep in his Possession all and every such of the said Letters, together with the Contents thereof respectively, as shall not, within the Space of three Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, be required to be returned in Manner in this Act mentioned, or under the Powers herein after given, until he shall receive Directions from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to forward the same respectively unto the said United Provinces in-his Majesty's Mails of Letters, to the End that such Letters, and what may be contained therein respectively, may be sent by Post for the Persons respectively to whom the said Letters respectively are addressed; which Directions it is hereby declared it shall and may be lawful for any oneef his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to give, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, and which Directions the Postmaster General is hereby required to obey, or cause to be obeyed.

IV. And, for the better ascertaining the Persons respectively by or f om whom any Letter or Letters contained in the said Mails respectively were written or signed or sent, and for preventing Frauds in the Delivery of the said Letters to Persons not entitled to receive the same, or to require the same to be returned;

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62. 115

1^.115) w. »umvu, 1.V# lUVII ^UUI

ters], was [or were] subscribed, printed, set, or affixed, to such Letter or Letters] by me, or by my

*Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his said Majesty's Poftmfter General, or any Person or Persons authorized and empowered by him, in Writing under his Hand, to administer an Oath or Oaths to the Person or Persons Applying for the Return of any such Letters is aforesaid, according to one of the Forms herein after mentioned; (that is to say,)

A.B. do swear, [07*, being one of the People collect Quakers, I A.B. do solemnly affirm,] That I did 4 1 write or sign or fend the Letter or Letters] now claimed by me to be returned, to the Post Office; indthat the Name [_$r Names] subscribed in Writing, printed, set, or affixed, to such Letter [or Let-

DircSion.

Or,

t A.B. do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, I A.B. do solemnly affirm,] That I am duly authorized by [C.D. life, as the Case may be] to receive the Letter or Letters]

now claimed to be returned to me, on Behalf of the said [C.D. t?c. ns the Case may be];

and that the said [6'. D. &c. ar the Case may be] did, to the best of my Knowledge and Be-

lief, write or sign or fend the same to the Poll Office; and that the Name or Names] subscribed in Writing, printed, set, or affixed, to such Letter or Letters] was [or were], according to the best of my Knowledge or Belief, so subscribed, printed, set, or affixed, by or by the Authority of the said [C.D. hfc, as the Case may be],9

2 Or,

I A.B. do swear, [or, being one (f the People called Quakers, I A.B. do solemnly affirm,] That I did receive the Letter or Letters] now applied for by me to be returned, and now produced and shewn unto me, from my Correspondent [or Correspondents], who resides [07* refute] in Parts beyond the Seas, for the Purpose of being forwarded by me by the Post from London unto the United Provinces; and that I did write or indorse, or cause to be written or indorsed, upon such Letter or Letters] the Words and Fi- sures which now appear to be written or indorsed thereon; and that I did put, or cause to be put, such Letter or Letters] into the General Post Office in London, i

in order to be forwarded by the Post unto the said United Provinces,'

V. And inasmuch as, in the Execution of this present Act, it may happen that some of the Persons who may apply for the Return of Letters may not be enabled to comply with the precise Forms hereby di- reeled, and probably cannot take the Oath or Oaths in the exact Form or Forms of Words hereby required 10 be taken, on which Account the Postmaster General cannot, under the Restrictions herein-be-4 /ore contained, return all the Letters contained in the said Mails which shall be applied for to be returned, notwithstanding that the Persons so applying may be well entitled to receive back such Letters, and that the true Intent and meaning of this Act is, that they should be enabled so to receive them :* For Remedy whereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in any Case where such Difficulty shall occur, it shall and may be lawful to or for any one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to direct, order, require, and authorize, the Postmaster General to open and return any such I etter or Letters, for which Application shall be made to be returned, and which cannot be returned under the Forms and Restrictions herein- before contained,- upon such Person or Persons identifying the Letter or Letters, and making Oath iji such Manner and Form as in such respective Warrant or Warrants shall be required and expressed; and the Postmaster General is hereby empowered and required to execute, or cause to be executed, all such Orders and Directions, and to administer, or cause to be administered, such Oath and Oaths as shall, in such respective Warrant or Warrants, be expressed or contained; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Cates in which Oaths are required to be taken by virtue of this Act, or in any Case wherein an Oath or Oaths shall, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Principal Secretary of State, be authorized and required to be taken, every such Person so taking a false Oath shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the conn ary notwithstanding. That neither the said Postmaster General, nor any such Officer or Servant as aforesaid, shall be liable to any Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, or other Proceeding, or be liable to or incur any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Incapacitation, for or by Reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing done, or forborne to be done, by virtue and under the Authority of and according to this present Act, or in the Execution of the same, or of the Authorities herein contained, or any of them, or in relation thereto, or in pursuance of the Direction and Authority of such Principal Secretary of State, to be given in Manner hereinbefore mentioned; but that all such Actions, Suits, Indictments, Informations, Proceedings, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Incapacitations, shall be, and are hereby absolutely discharged.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed, in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General liTue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. T; '

FT cl*

Oaths.

Secretary of State may authorize the Delivery of Letters, though the Persons applying cannot comply with the prescribed Forms.

Penalty on Persons taking false Oaths.

Postmaster General, &c. not liable to any Penalty for acting under this Act.

Persons prosecuted may plead the Gential lfluc.

[Treble Costs.]

116 C. 63. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Persons fraurlu-lently obtaining Letters containing Banknotes, &c.guilty of Felony.

Letters may be returned to Foreign Ministers, upon Proof, with or Without Oath, of writing them, &c.

Secretary of State may authorize the Delivery of Litters, though the Persons applying cannot comply with the prescribed Forms.

Act maybe altered or repealed tiiU Session.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall falsely or fraudulently obtain any Letter or Letters, hereby authorized to be returned as aforesaid, or that shall or may be authorized to be returned under the Authority of a Warrant or Warrants of such Principal Secretary of State, by virtue of the Powers herein-before contained for that v containing any Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Letter of Credit, or any other Security orln-strument whatsoever, for the Payment of Money, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of

seven Years.

X. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to direct, order, require, and authorize the Postmaster General to open and icturn any Letter or Letters contained in the said Mails respectively, for returning which. Application shall be made by or on Behalf of any Foreign Minister or Embassador, upon such Proof being made, with or without Oath, that such Foreign Minister or Embassador did write, sign, or send to the Post, or caused to be written, signed, or sent to the Post, such Letter or Letters respectively, and upon such other Directions respecting the said Letter or Letters so applied for being complied with, as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be required to be made or complied with; and the Postmaster General is hereby also required to execute or cause to be executed all such Orders and Directions as shall, in such respective Warrant or Warrants, be expressed or contained; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And inasmuch as, in the Execution of this present Act, it may happen that some of the Persons who may apply for the Return of Letters may jiot be enabled to comply whh the precise Forms hereby directed and probably cannot take the Oath or Oaths in the exact Form or Forms of Words hereby required to be taken, on which Account the Postmaster General cannot, under the Restrictions herein-before contained, return all the Letters contained in the said Mails which shall be applied for to be returned, notwithstanding that the Persons so applying may be well entitled to receive back such Letters, and that the true Intent and Meaning of this Act is that they should be enabled so to receive them / be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in any Case where such Difficulty shall occur, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to direct, order, require, and authorize, the Postmaster General to open and return any such Letter or Letters, for which Application shall be made to be returned, and which cannot be returned under the Forms and Restrictions herein-before contained, upon such Person or Persons so identifying the Letter or Letters, and making Oath, in such Manner and Form as in such respective Warrant or Warrants shall be required and exprened; and the Postmaster General is hereby empowered and required to execute, or cause to be executed, all such Orders and Directions, and to administer, or cause to be administered, such Oath or Oaths as shall, in such respective Warrant or Warrants, be expressed or contained j any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to alter or repeal this Act in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXIII.

From July 5, 1795, certain Stamp Duties to be paid on Insurances.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances.

[19th May 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects* the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and

making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc- cafioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be parted in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned ;* and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Insurance upon any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or upon any other Property or Interest whereon Insurances may lawfully be made, shall be ingrorted, printed, or written, the Stamp Duties following upon the Sums insured *, (that is to say,) Where the Sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of two Shillings and six Pence, and so progressively for every Sum of one hundred Pounds insured; and where the Sum to be insured shall not amount to one hundred Pounds, a like Stamp Duty of two Shillings and six Pence; and where the Sum to be insured shall exceed one hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of one hundred Pounds each, by any fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, a like Stamp Duty of two Shillings and six Pence for each fractional Part of one hundred Pounds: And that, upon all raid every Insurances or insurance, where the Premium, or Confutation in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of ten Shillings, there shall be paid the following Duties j (that is to say,) Where the Sum so to be insured shall amount to one hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and three Pence, and so progressively for every Sum of one hundred Pounds so inlurcd; and where the Sum so to be

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. 117

Act not to extend to Insurances from Losses by Fire, or on Lives.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps.

insured shall not amount to one hundred Pounds, a like Stamp Duty of one Shilling and three Pence; and where the Sum so to be insured shall exceed one hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of one hundred Pounds each, by any fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, a like Stamp Duty of one Shilling and three Pence for such fra&ion.d Part of one hundred Pounds; which several Dirties shall be payable and paid by the Allured in such Insurances respectively; and the Allured, in every such Insurance, shall Be answerable and accountable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Amount of the Duty payable by this Act in respect of the same, and which (halfand may, in Default of Payment thereof according to the Regulations of this Act, be charged upon, and levied against, the Allured, his, her, or their respective Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with any Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, any Policy of Insurance made and entered into for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, whereon the Duty imposed by an Act, pafLd in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for charging a Duty on Per jous who/e Property shall be injured against Loss by Fire, shall have been duly paid, nor any lnfurar.ee made or entered into for insuring any Events or Contingencies relative to a Life or Lives whereon the Duty imposed by the Laws in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act shall have been duly paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the more effectual levying, cohering, and paying, the said Dufies herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are required and empowered to dencte the Payment of the said Duties by this Act imposed, either by using any Stamps in their Possession heretofore provided to be used in relation to any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or to provide new Stamps for that Purpose, and to renew or alter the same from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, and to do all Things necessury to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Duties hereby granted, in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized to putin Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, upon all and every such Insurances or Insurance, where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of ten Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured, it shall be lawful, in all Cases where the Sum insured shall amount to two hundred Pounds or upwards, to use Stamps of two Shillings and six Pence for every two hundred Pounds of the Sum insured, instead of Stamps of one Shilling and three Pence for every one hundred Pounds of the like Sums so insured.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall, out of the iMonies anting thereby, from Time to Time, provide sufficient Quantities of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, adapted for Policies of Insurance, and shall cause to be printed thereon respectively the several Forms for Blank Policies of Insurance hereunto annexed, and the same so printed to be duly stamped, with a proper Stamp or Stamps, as directed by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duty to be paid thereon, in order that all his Majesty's Subjects may buy the said Forms adapted for Policies of Insurance respectively,

stamped with such Rate of Duty as they shall respectively require, of the Officers, or Persons employed by the said Commissioners, at the Price of the said Duty marked thereon, without any Charge for such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or for printing the same; or at their Flexion may bring to the Head Office of Stamps, any Quantities of their own Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to be damped as aforesaid, on Payment of the Duty payable thereon, and the said Officers, or Persons employed by the said Commissioners,

(bail, and they are hereby required to write or mark thereon the Day, Month, and Year, when any such primed Velium, Parchment, or Paper, so damped, shall be delivered by them to be used as aforesaid; and if 2ny Officer, or Person employed by the said Commissioners, shall wilfully negloSt to do or perform any Matter or Thing herein-before required, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall be liable to be difmided from his said Office: Provided always, that the said Commissioners, or Officers as aforesaid, shall not be required to provide, at the Public Charge, any Vellum or Parchment damped as aforesaid, where the Sum to be insured thereon shall not amount to ten thousand Pounds or upwards.

Charge for Insurances under 10,000l.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for managing Commissioners the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, shall cdablidione or more Office or Offices within the City of London, at Come convenient 1'lace at or near the Royal Exchange, and shall appoint a proper Officer or Officers there, to distribute Policies of Insurance printed on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, according to the respective Forms hereunto annexed, and damped according to the Directions of this Act, to any Person or Persons carrying on the Bjfinels of Insurance within the said City, on present Payment of the Duty payable in resp>c£t thereof, luh-j^t to the usual Allowance made on present Payment of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Patchment, or Paper: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officers, so to be appointed, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to open an Account, in Books to be provided by the said Commissioners for that , with any Person or Persons.

Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, carrying on tile Business of such Insurances within the Did City, who resxciivtly shall have given, or caused to be given, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, Security, by Lond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of the Duties at the TimcS'find in the

Where Premium exceeds not 10 s. per Cent, on 200 J. or upwards, Stamps of 2S.6d. per 2001. may be uftd.

Commissioners to provide stamped Policies, which may be purchased.

or Vellum, &c. may be brought and stamped on Payment of Duty.

Penalty on Officers for Neglect of Duty

Policies not to be provided at the Public

to appoint Office* in London for distributing Policies.

Accounts may be opened with Persons giving Bond for Payment cl Duties.

118 C. 63. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795

Policies issued on Credit 10 be numbered, and entered.

Penalty fer rrfnktr.g J«Ife tr.uy.

Persons to whon> Policies are delivered on Credit, to give JBond.

Commissioners to fix the Times oi Payment*

Ponds may be renewed, canceled, or put in

bUit.

Dr.rr.3ged Poli-c.cs, &c. may be cancelled, 3rd others delivered on certain Conditions.

Manner to be prescribed by the said Commissioners as herein after is mentioned, and from Time to Time to supply such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, with such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, printed and stamped according to the Directions of this Act, on the Credit of such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having given, or caused such Security to be given, as aforesaid, in such Quantities as the said Commissioners shall have authorized such Officer or Officers, from Time to Time to supply to them respectively, making the like Allowances, on Payment of the Duties within the Times prescribed by the said Commissioners, as are herein directed to be made on present Payment of the said Duties; and the said Officer or Officers shall progressively Number all such Policies of Insurance printed on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and stamped as aforesaid, as the same shall severally be issued to and on the Credit of any such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as aforesaid, beginning such progressive Enumeration on the Commencement of each and every distinct Account opened with any such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and so successively, on the Close of and Payment of the Sums due on each successive di(lin6l Account, or at such dated Periods in the Year, as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion direct, and shall, in such Book or Books, set down the Numbers of such Policies, with the Sums payable thereon for the said Duties, to the didincl Credit and Account of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, applying for the same on the Conditions aforesaid, and also the Date and ime of delivering the same; and if any such Officer or Officers shall knowingly make any falie Entry in such Book or Books, in any of the Particulars aforesaid, to the Damage of any such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, every such Officer so offending shall be liable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay treble the Value of the Damages and Cods to the Party or Parties aggrieved, and may be dismissed from his Place or Office for such Offence.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, upon or to whose Credit any Stamped Vellum, Parchmcnr, or Paper, shall be delivered in jui Tuance of this Act, shall previously give, or cause to be given. Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Sum as the said Commissioners may think reasonable, so as the same doth not exceed the probable Amount of the Duty payable by such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, for any Space of Time, not exceeding two Calendar Months, nor less than six Weeks, with a Condition, that if such Person or Persons shall from Time to Time well and truly make Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money, which shall be due and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Bond shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to fix the Times and Periods of making/uch Payments, and to specify the same in the Condition to every such Bond, and which shall not, in any Case, b^ by less than eight Payments in the Year, at equal Intervals as neaily as maybe; and every such Bond may be renewed from Time to Time in the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, as often as the same shall be forfeited, or the Party or Parties to the same, or any of them, shall die, become Bankrupt or Insolvent, or reside in Parts beyond the Seas; and every such Bond shall, at any Time, at the Requed of the Obligor or Obligors, therein, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, be delivered up to be cancelled; or otherwise, if in the Discretion of the said Commissioners the Tame shall be detained, then the same shall be put in Suit for (bme Breach thereof before the End of the second Term after such Requed made, or in Default thereof shall be void.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every Person and Persons, to whom any Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, shall have been delivered in pursuance of this Act, bearing the Date of the Delivery thereof, by the proper Officer, in the Manner hereinbefore directed, which shall be inadvertently and undesignedly spoiled, obliterated, or by any other Means rendered unfit for Use for the Purpose intended, at any Time within the same Calendar Month in which such Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, shall have been delivered, cr within fifteen Office Days after the Expiration of such Calendar Month, such Time to be computed from the Date of the Delivery thereof, and as it shall unto the

Regulations herein after mentioned; and in case no Sum or Sums of Money, nor any Name of any Person as an Afliireror Underwriter shall be subscribed or underwritten thereon, then, upon either Oath or Affirmation made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, are or is hereby authorized to administer); or in case it shall otherwise appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so spoiled or obliterated, or by any other Means rendered unfit for the Purpose intended, hath not been fub-(cribed or underwritten by any Person or Persons, or used for any other Purpose, or in any other Manner whatsoever, the said Commissioners, or their Officers under them, are hereby required to cancel the same, and to (lamp, or cause to be stamped, for the Use of the several Persons to whom the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, (o spoiled or obliterated, or rendered unfit for Use, had been previously delivered, any Quantity of other Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, fit for the like U(es, with Stamps, amounting to the like Value, and of the same Denomination, or any other Denomination in this Act mentioned, as may be required, and to mark the Date and Time of the Delivery thereof, in the Manner herein-before prdcribed, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the same, any Sum of Money, or other Consideration whatsoever; or in case any Sum or Sums of Money, and the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, as such AH'urers or Underwriters respectively, shall have been subscribed or underwritten on any such Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, which shall be brought to the said Commissioners, to be cancelled within ten Office Days after the Date of the full of such Subscriptions there on 3 and in case it shall aj pear

6 to

Ml V/| IUv.II V/ul^UUUl iULlt 1 IlliV tv UL V VII 1117 U I VII Lllv IvUlV v/1 l&JW L/V-ll j lllvl d I J Li

I appear thereon to have been made, to bring or fend such Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, at their Head Office, to be cancelled on the Terms and

A.D. 1795.

tricesimo quinto

R G11 III.

c. 63

119

to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Sums and Names have been respectively subscribed or underwritten on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, of a different Denomination or Value than is required by this Act in respect of the Sums so subscribed; and it shall be proved upon Oath or Atfirmation, as aforesaid, that the same was occasioned through Inadvertence or Mistake, or that the Subscriptions thereon intended to have been obtained have not, from some just Cause to be alleged, been completed to the Amountjyf the Sums allowed by this Act to be insured on such Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; and if in every such Case the Party or Parties bringing such Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to be cancelled within the Time last mentioned, shall produce to the said Commissioners another Policy of Insurance on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, duly stamped, and actually made out for the same Interest, Rifle, or Adventure, with the Policy so brought to be cancelled; then, and in such cases, the said Commissioners, or their Officers, shall have the like Authority as aforesaid to cancel the Policies so brought as aforesaid, and to exchange the same for other Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Stamps of the like Value with the Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper so cancelled, in the Manner herein-before directed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Insurance shall have been made and subscribed as aforesaid, on any Ship or Ships bound on a Voyage Outwards from any Port or Place in Great Britain, or any Part, Share, or Interest therein, or arising the reout, or on any Goods or Merchandize laden on board such Ship or Ships, and the Policy whereby such Insurance shall have been made, shall be brought to be cancelled within ten Office Days after the Departure of such Ship or Ships from any such Port or Place in Great Britain, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in such Case, to cause the same to be cancelled in like Manner, and under the like Powers, as if such Policy had been brought to be cancelled within ten Office Days from the Date of the first Subscription as before directed; any Filing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Insurance shall have been made on any Goods or Merchandize laden on board any Ship or Ships specifically named in the Policy, on a Voyage Homewards to any Port or Place in Great Britain, and the Sum insured thereby shall be found to exceed the Interest of the Allured on which the Risk attached on board such Ship or Ships so named in the Policy; and in case the separate Interest of any Person, or the joint Interest of two or more Persons assured in such Policy, shall fall short of the Sum insured on such Account by the Sum of one thousand Pounds or upwards, where the Duty payable thereon shall be at and after the Rate of one Shilling and three Pence per Centum, or of five hundred Pounds, or upwards, where the Duty payable thereon shall be at and after the Rate of two Shillings and six Pence per Centum, and upon due Proof on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioniers, or any one of them, of the Value of the Interest of such Party or Parties in the Goods or Merchandize on which the Risk attached on board such Ship or Ships, and on Production of the Policy whereby such Insurance was made, at any Time within one Calendar Month after the lending the Goods from on board such Ship or Ships in Great Britain, and on due Proof being made of the Return of Premium bona fide by the several Underwriters or Insurers on such Policy, on Account only of such short Interest as aforesaid, and of the Proportion of the Premium so returned, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make an Allowance to the AfTured of the Stamps on such Policy in respect of such Part of the Sums by him or them thereby insured, as shall be found to exceed the Interest of the said Allured in such Policy, and to deliver other Stamped Paper of the like Value in the Manner herein* before directed with respect to Policies brought to be cancelled, provided that such Policy of Insurance be delivered to the said Commissioners, or their Officers, to be cancelled, who are hereby authorized and re-c;. red to cancel the same; and provided that the Interest of the Allured shall not be valued in or by such Policy lb brought to be cancelled as last aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contrail or Agreement which shall be made or entered into for any Insurance, in respeil whereof any Duty is by this Act made payable, Puli be engrossed, printed, or written, and shall be deemed and called, A Policy of Insurance; and that the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, paid, given, or contracted for upon such Insurance, and the particular Risk or Adventure insured against, together with the Names of the Subscribers and Underwriters, and Sums insured, shall be respectively expressed or specified in or upon such Policy, and i;. Default thereof every such Insurance shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

Policies brought within ioOfhce Days after Departure of Vessels may be

cancelled.

Where Sums insured on Homeward Voyages, exceed the Interest of the Allured, to certain Amounts, the Commissioners may make an Allowance of th* Stamoi on the

A

Excels, &c.

Every Contract

liable to Duty under this Act to be deemed a Policy of Insurance, and certain Particulars to be

prefiVd therein, or the Insurance to be void.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Policy of Insurance upon any Ship, or upon any Share or Interest therein, shall be made for any certain Term longer than twelve Calendar Months; and every Policy which shall be made for any longer Term, shall be null and void to all Intents and PurpostrS.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit the making of any Alteration which may lawfully be made in the Terms or Conditions of any Policy of Insurance, duly stamped as aforesaid, after the same shall have been underwritten, or to require any additional Stamp Duty by reason of such Alteration, Co that such Alteration be made before Notice of the Determination of the Risk originally insured, and tile PfjM&ium or Consideration originally paid or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of ten Shillings per

on live Sum insured, and so that the Thing insured shall remain the Property of the same Person or and so that such Alteration shall not prolong the Term insured beyond the Period allowed by this Act, Liu1 to that no additional or further Sum shall be insured by reason or means of such Alteration.

No Policy to be marie for more thun a Year.

AJterat'cns in the Tetms of Policies may be made under certain Re-ftlilUons.

i 20

No Com raft

available in Law ur.lcfi properly stamped,

ror any Vellum, &c. to be stamped after Contrail is printed or written thereon.

Persons making Insurance, 4:c. uultfi the Cotu tract be properly Ibainjicd,.

-and Brokers,

Arc ailing contrary to this Act, to forfeit 5c$l-

Erokerage, &c> pot a legal Charge unless the Insurance be properly stamped, &c,

Aflurers, unless lpfyrances be properly stamped, &c.

to forfeit 500l.

The London Assurance and the Royal Exchange Atfur-alice not liable to Penalty for making Agree* 'rnents un-llamped, if Policies-be made out and Ramped, Scc.

Application of Penalties, futd for in fix Von:*! s.

C. 63.

Anno tricesimo-quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Insurance made or entered into in Great Britain, in respect whereof any Duty is by this Act made payable, nor any Contrail or Agreement lor such Insurance as aforesaid, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitieJ in any Court, to be good, useful, or available in Law or Equity, unless the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper on which such Insurance shall be engrossed, printed, or written, shall be stamped with a lawful Stamp, to denote the Rate or Duty as by this Act is directed, or to denote some higher Rate or Duly in this Act contained; and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Stamp Duties, or any of their Officers, to damp any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper with any Stamp directed to be provided or used by virtue of this Act, at any Time after any such Insurance as aforesaid, or Contract for such Intuiance, shall be eijgrofied, primed, or written thereon, under any Pretence whatever.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, all and every Person or Persons who shall make or effect, or knowingly procure to be made or effected, any Insurance whatever, in respect whereof any Duty is by this Act made payable, or shall give or pay, or agree to give or pay, or render himself or hcrlclf liable to pay any Sum of Money, Premium, or Consideration whatever, in the Nature of a Premium, for or upon any such Insurance as is before mentioned, or shall enter into any Contract or Agreement whatever, for any such Insurance as is before mentioned, unless the same Insurance, Comradt, and Agreement for Insurance respectively, shall be engrossed, printed, or written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, being first duly stamped, with a proper Stamp or Stamps as herein is directed, or with some Stamp or Stamps of higher Denomination or Value^rhan herein is directed, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and also, all and every the Brokers, Agents, Scriveners, or other Persons negociating or transacting any such Insurance as is hcrem-before mentioned contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or engrossing, printing, or writing any Agreement for any such Insurance as is herein-before mentioned, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, before the same Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereon the same shall be engrossed, printed, or written, be so duly stamped as aforesaid, shall also for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Broker, Agent, Scrivener, or other Person transacting, making, or negociating any such Insurance as is hereinbefore mentioned, to charge or set against his Employer or Employers any Sum of Money for Brokerage or Agency, or for his Pains or Labour in transacting, making, or negociating such Insurance, or engrossing, printing, or writing the same, or for any Sum of Money expended or paid by Way of Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, for such Insurance, unless the same shall be engrossed, printed, or written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, or upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper stamped with a Stamp or Stamps of higher Denomination or Value than is by this Act required, and all and every Sum and Sums whatever paid by such Employer or Employers on any such Account to any Broker, Agent, Scrivener, or other Person aforesaid, transacting, making, or negociating any Insurance contrary to this Act, shall be deemed to be paid without Consideration, and shall remain the Property of such Employer or Employers, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall become an Assurer upon any such Insurance as is herein-before mentioned, or shall subscribe or underwrite any such Insurance, or shall receive or contract for any Premium or Consideration for any such Insurance, or shall pay or allow in Account, or agree to pay or allow in Account, or otherwise, any Sum or Sums of Money upon any Loss, Peril, or Contingency relative to any such Insurance as aforesaid, unless such Insurance shall be engrossed, printed, or written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, or it any Person shall be concerned in any fraudulent Contrivance or Device, with Intent to evade the Duties by this Act imposed, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds,

XVIII. And whereas it is customary for the Purpose of making Insurances, by the Corporation of The London Assurance and The Royal Exchange Assurance, to prepare a Label, Slip, or Memorandum in Writing, containing the Heads of the Insurance proposea to be made, from which Label, Slip, or Memorandum, signed by the Person making the Insurance and the proper Officer or Officers of such Corporations, Policies of Insurance have been afterwards made as obligatory on the Parties; and it would be attended with considerable Inconvenience to require Policies of Insurance duly stamped to be in all Cases immediately made out;* be it provided and further enabled, that nothing herein contained shall extend to fuhjeiSl any of the Members, Officers, or Servants of such Corporations, to any of the Penalties by this Act imposed for or by reason of their making any Agreement to in lure by any such Label, Slip, or Memorandum in Writing, upon undamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, provided that in every fuel* Case, the Day on which such Agreement shall be made, shall be truly expressed in Words at Length on such Label, Slip, or Memorandum, and a Policy of Insurance according to the Agreement expressed in such L;ibel, Slip, or Memorandum, shall be made out according to one of the Forms in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and duly executed and stamped within three Office Days from the Time of making such Agreement as aforesaid., A 4

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Korfeiiures hereby imposed {except where other Provisions are hereby expressly made) shall (if sued for within the Spare of six Calendar Months from the Time of any such Penalty or Forfeiture being incurn d,) be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Cods of Suit, to the Lerl’ons or Persons who shall inform or fucfor the same within the Lime aforesaid, and which shall and may

121

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63.

be (lied for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, and m his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, for Offences committed in Scotland, byAction of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Eifoin, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Default of Prosecution within the Time herein-‘ ;he Name of his Ma-

le respective Courts

- SHI__________ Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties for the Time being; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward, as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered, after deducing all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto, either as Discoverers or Informers in respect to such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Prosecution shall be commenced by any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to their Satisfaction respectively that such Penalty or Forfeiture, Penalties or Forfeitures, was or were incurred without any Intention of Fraud, to flop all further Proceedings on every such Prosecution, as well with respect to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture, Penalties or Forfeitures, to which any such Person may claim to be entitled, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon such 'Perms nevertheless, as to Costs and otherwise, as such Attorney General or Advocate shall think reasonable.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Allowances on present Payment of the Duties, and all other Matters and Things prescribed and appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, (and not hereby altered,) shall (as far as the same are applicable) be of full Force and Effect, with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the said Duties hereby imposed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or used, in pursuance of this Act for the Purpose of denoting any of the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Intention to defraud his Majesty, his Hefrs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, sell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duties, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing* the same to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall differ Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, upon all and every Policies and Policy oflnfurance, upon which any Duty is hereby imposed and which shall be duly stamped in pursuance of this Act, all the former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Pafier, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, were, or were deemed, taken, or adjudged, to be payable on or in respect of Policies of Insurance, shall ccafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

XXAnd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchrrtenr, and Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same being deduded) into the Receipt of the Exchequer at IVijl-mirjUr, at such Time and in such Manner as other Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid, and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and

made Part of the Consolidated Fund. -

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Rates or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be diffident, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts to be parted in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into tnc said Receipt distindiy and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the cceipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties, granted in this

1 Geo. III. & Session

How Penalties not sued for within the limited Time may he recovered and applied.

Prosecution* for Penalties incurred without Intention of Fraud may be stopt.

Powers of for* mer A<ih relating to Stamps to extend to th.*s Act.

Persons counterfeiting Stamps, &c. to suffer Death.

From July 5, 1795, former Duties to cease.

Duties to be paid to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and by him into the Exchequer.

Duties to be deemed an Addition to the Revenue for defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan of tlus Selhon,

22

C. 63

tricesimo quinto

Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on any Account whatever.

SCHEDULE to which this refers.

L- 5°°-

S.

"Delivered the Day of

In the Name of God, Amen. as well in own Name,

as for and in the Name and Names of all and every other Persons to whom the same doth, may, or shall, appertain, in Part or in all, doth make Assurance, and cause and them, and every of them, to be insured, loft or not loft, at and from upon the Body, Tackle, Apparel, Ordnance, Munition, Artillery, Boat, or other Furniture, of and in the good Ship or Vessel called The whereof is Master, under God, for this present Voyage,

or whosoever else shall go fo/ Master in the said Ship, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same Ship, or the Master thereof, is or shall be named or called: Beginning the Adventure upon the said Ship, etc. from and immediately following and so shall continue and endure until the said

Ship, with her said Tackle, Apparel, etc. shall be arrived at and there hath moored

at Anchor twenty-four Hours in good Safety: And it shall be lawful for the said Ship in this Voyage to proceed and fail to and touch and stay at any Ports or Places whatsoever without

Prejudice to this Insurance; the said Ship, etc. for so much as concerns the Aflureds, is and shall be valued at Touching the Adventures and Perils which we the AfTurers are contented to

bear and do take upon us in this Voyage, they arc, of the Seas, Men of War, Fire, Enemies, Pirates, Rovers, Thieves, Jettifons, Letters of Mart and Countermart, Surprizals, Takings at Sea, Arrests, Restraints, and Detainments of all Kings, Princes, and People, of what Nation, Condition, or Quality soever, Barretry of the Master and Mariners, and of all other Perils, Lodes, and Misfortunes, that have or shall come to the Hurt, Detriment, or Damage, of the said Ship, etc. or any Part thereof: And in case of any Loss or Misfortune, it shall be lawful to the Aflureds, their Factors, Servants, and Assigns, to sue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the Defence, Safeguard, and Recovery, of the said Ship, etc. or any Part thereof, without Prejudice to this Insurance, to the Charges whereof we the Adurers will contribute each one according to the Rate and Quantity of his Sum herein allured: And it is further agreed by us the Infuiers, that this Writing or Policy of Assurance shall be of as much Force and Effect as the surest Writing or Policy of Assurance heretofore made in Lombard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in X-ondon: And so we the Adurers are contented, and do hereby promise and bind ourselves, each one for his own Part, our Heirs, Executors, and Goods, to the Adureds, their Executors, Administrators, and Adigns, for the true Performance of the Premises, confeding ourselves paid the Consideration due unto us for this Assurance by the Allured at and after the Rate of

In Witness whereof we the Adurers have subscribed our Names and Sums adured in London.

N.B. The Ship and Freight warranted free from Average under three Pounds per Cent. unless

' general, or the Ship be stranded. d

/. 1,000. 1 G. 1

Delivered the

Day of

IN the Name of God, Amen. as well in, own

y Name, as for and in the Name and Names of all and every other Person or Persons to whom the same doth, may, or shall, appertain, in Part or in all, doth make Ad’urance, and cause J and them, and every of them, to be insured, loft or not loft, at and from upon any Kind of Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, loaden or to be loaden aboard the good Ship or Vessel called The whereof is Master, under God, for this present Voyage, or whosoever

else shall go for Master in the said Ship, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same Ship, or the Master thereof, is or shall be named or called: Beginning the Adventure upon the said Goods and Merchandizes from and immediately following the loading thereof aboard the said Ship and so shall continue and en-

dure until the said Ship, with the said Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, shall be arrived at and the lame there safely landed: And it shall be lawful for the said Ship, in this Voyage, to stop and stay at any Ports or Places whatsoever without Prejudice to this Insurance; the said Goods and Merchandizes, by Agreement, are and shall be valued at Touching the Adventures and

Perils which wc the Afturers are contented to bear, and do take upon us in this Voyage, they are, of the Seas, Men of War, Fire, Enemies, Pirates, Rovers, Thieves, Jettifons, Letters of Mart and Countermart, Surprizals, Takings at Sea, Arrests, Restraints, and Detainments of all Kings, Princes, and People, of what

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63.

Nation, Condition, or Quality soever, Barretry of the Matter and Mariners, and of all other Perils, Lottes, and Misfortunes, that have or shall come to the Hurt, Detriment, or Damage, of the said Goods and Merchandizes, or any Part thereof: And in case of any Loss or Misfortune it shall be lawful to the Attureds, their Factors, Servants, and Attigns, to sue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the Defence, Safeguard, and Recovery, of the said Goods and Merchandizes, or any Part thereof, without Prejudice to this Insurance, to the Charges whereof we the Atturers will contribute each one according to the Rate and Quantity of his Sum herein allured: And it is agreed by us the Insurers, that this Writing or Policy of Atturance shall be of as much Force and Effect as the surest Writing or Policy of Atturance heretofore made in Lombard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London: And so we the Atturers are contented, and do hereby promise and bind ourselves, each one for his own Part, our Heirs, Executors, and Goods, to the Attureds, their Executors, Administrators, and Attigns, for the true Performance of the Premises, confessing ourselves paid the Consideration due unto us for this Atturance by the Allured

at and after the Rate of In Witness whereof we the

Atturers have subscribed our Names and Sums assured in London.

LL B. Corn, Fish, Salt, Fruit, Flour, and Seed, are warranted free from Average, unless general, or the Ship be ttranded ;—Sugar, Tobacco, Hemp, Flax, Hides, and Skins, are warranted free from Average under five Pounds per Cent.; and all other Goods free from Average under three Pounds per Cent. unless general, or the Ship be ttranded.

Dajof

COO Ir \

S.G. I *N the Name of God, Amen. as well in

own Name, as for and in the Name and Names of all and every other Person or Persons to

Jwhom the same doth, may, or shall, appertain, in Part or in all, doth make Atturance, and

cause and them, and every of them, to be insured, loft or not

loft, at and from upon any Kind of Goods and Merchandizes, and also upon the

Body, Tackle, Apparel, Ordnance, Munition, Artillery, Boat, and other Furniture, of and in the good Ship or Vessel called The whereof is Matter, under God, for this present Voyage

or whosoever else shall go for Matter in the said Ship, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same Ship, or the Matter thereof, is or shall be named or called: Beginning the Adventure upon the said Goods and Merchandizes from the loading thereof aboard the said Ship upon the said Ship, etc.

and so shall continue and endure during her Abode there, upon the said Ship, etc.; and further, until the said Ship, with all her Ordnance, Tackle, Apparel, etc. and Goods and Merchandizes

whatsoever, shall be arrived at uoon the said Ship, etc. until (he hath moored

at Anchor twenty-four Hours in good Safety, and upon the Goods and Merchandizes until the same be there discharged and safely landed: And it shall be lawful for the said Ship, etc. in this Voyage, to proceed and fail to and touch and stay at any Ports or Places whatsoever without Preju-

dice to this Insurance; the said Ship, etc. Goods and Merchandizes, etc. for so much as concerns the Attureds, by Agreement between the Attureds and Atturers, in this Policy, are and shall be valued at

Touching the Adventures and Perils which we the Atturers are contented to bear and do take upon us in this Voyage, they are, of the Seas, Mem of War, Fire, Enemies, Pirates, Rovers, Thieves, Jettifons, Letters of Mart and Countermart, Surprizals, Takings at Sea, Arrests, Restraints, and Detainments of all Kings, Princes, and People, of what Nation, Condition, or Quality soever, Barretry of the Matter and Mariners, and of all other Perils, Lottes, and Misfortunes, that have or shall come to the Hurt, Detriment, or Damage, of the said Goods and Merchandizes, and Ship, etc. or any Part thereof; and in case of any Loss or Misfortune it shall be lawful to the Attureds, their Factors, Servants, and Attigns, to sue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the Defence, Safeguard, and Recovery, of the said Goods and Merchandizes, and Ship, etc. or any Part thereof, without Prejudice to this Infuranre, to the Charges whereof we the Atturers will contribute each one according to the Rate and Quantity of his Sum herein allured: And it is agreed by us the Insurers that this Writing or Policy of Atturance shall be of as much Force and Effect as the surest Writing or Policy of Atturance heretofore made in Lombard' Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London: And so we the^ Atturers are contented, and do hereby promise and bind ourselves, each one for his own Part, our Heirs, Executors, and Goods, to the Attureds, their Executors, Administrators, and Attigns, for the, true Performance of the Premises, confessing ourselves paid the Consideration due unto us for this Atturance by the Assured - at and after the Rate of In Witness whereof wc the Atturers have subscribed

our Names and Sums assured in London.

k, Flour, and Seed, are warranted free from Average, unless general, or the Ship be ttranded :—Sugar, Tobacco, Hemp, Flax, Hides, and Skins, are warranted free

t, are randed.

jg

ur

A

124

C. 63. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

ship AND GOODS.

rf'r.: T London Assurance House.

N° N° in London.

By the Governor and Company of the London Assurance.

In the Name of God, Amen. as well in own Name as for and*

in the Name and Names of ail and every other Person or Persons to whom the same doth, may, or shall,

appertain, in Part or in all, doth make Assurance, and causeth and them, and every of them,

to be assured, loft or nor loft, at and from upon any Kind of Goods and Merchandizes

whatsoever; and also upon the Body, Tackle, Apparel, Ordnance, Munition, Artillery, Boat, ancEother Furniture, of and in the good Ship or Vessel called The whereof is Master (under

God) for this present Voyage or whoever else shall go for Master in the said Ship

or Vessel, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the said Ship or Vessel, or the Master thereof, is or shall be named or called: Beginning the Adventure upon the said Goods and Merchandizes from and immediately following the loading thereof aboard the said Ship or Vessel at and upon the &id Ship

or Vessel, etc. and so shall continue and endure during her Abode there, upon the said Ship or Vessel, etc.; and farther, until the said Ship or Vessel, with all her Ordnance, Tackle, Apparel, etc. and Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, shall be arrived at and upon the said Ship or

Vessel, etc. until (he hath moored at Anchor twenty-four Hours in good Safety, and upon the Goods and

Merchandizes, until the same be there safely discharged and landed: And it shall be lawful for the said Ship or Vessel, etc. in this Voyage, to proceed and (ail to, and touch and stay at, any Ports or Places whatsoever

- without Prejudice to this Assurance, the said Ship or Vessel, etc. Goods and Merchandizes, etc. for so much as concerns the Aflbreds, (by Agreement between the Afliireds and the London Assurance,) are and shall be rated and valued at without farther or other Account to be given by the Aflureds for the same. Touching the Adventures and Perils, which the said London Assurance are contented to bear and do take upon them in this Voyage, they are, of the Seas, Men of War, Fire, Enemies, Pirates, Rovers, Thieves, Jcttifons, Letters of Mart and Countermart, Surprizals, Takings at Sea, Arrests, Restraints, and Detainments of all Kings, Princes, and People, of what Nation, Condition, or Quality soever, Barretry of the Master and Mariners, and of all other Perils, Lodes, and Misfortunes, that have or shall come to the Hurt, Detriment, or Damage, of the said Goods and Merchandizes, and Ship or Vessel, etc. or any Part thereof: And in case of any Loss or Misfortune it shall be lawful to the Aflureds, their Factors, Servants, and Assigns, to sue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the Defence, Safeguard, and Recovery, of the said Goods, Merchandizes, and Ship or Vessel, etc. or any Part thereof, without Prejudice to this Assurance, to the Charges whereof the said London Assurance will contribute according to the Rate and Quantity of the Sum herein assured: And it is agreed that this Writing or Policy of Assurance shall be of as much Force and Effect as the surest Writing of Policy of Assurance heretofore made in Lombard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London: And so the said London Assurance are contented, and do hereby promise and bind themselves and their Successors to the Aflureds, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the true Performance of the Premises, confessing themselves paid the Consideration due unto them for this Assurance by the Assured, at and after the Rate of per Cent. In Witness whereof the said London Assurance have caused their Common Seal to be hereunto affixed, and the Sum or Sums by them allured to be hereunder written, at their Office in London, this

Day of in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, etc. and in the Year of our Lord: V.

Free from all Average on Corn, Flour, Fruit, Fish, Salt, and Seeds* except general.

Free from Average on Sugar, Rum, Hides, Skins, Hemp, Flax, and Tobacco, under five Pounds/*/* Cent, j and on all other Goods, and Ship, under three Pounds per Cent, except general.

The said Governor and Company are content with this Assurance foe { V L

S.G.) S.G. N° N* S

By the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance.

In the Name of God, Amen. as well in own Name as

for and in the Name and Names of all and every other Person or Persons to whom the same doth, may, or shall, appertain, in Part or in all, doth make Assurance, and causeth and them, and every of them, to be assured, loft or not loft, upon any Kind of Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, loaden or to be loaden, and also upon the Body, Tackle, Apparel, Ordnance, Munition, Artillery, Boat, and other Furniture, of and in the good Ship or Vessel called The Burthen, or thereabouts, whereof is Master (under God) for this present Voyage

or whosoever else shall go for Master in the said Ship, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same Ship or the Master thereof is or shall be named 91 called: Beginning the Adventure upon the said Goods

I and

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 64. 125

and Merchandizes from and immediately following the loading thereof on board the said Ship and upon the said Ship, etc and so shall continue and endure during her Abode there upon the said Ship, etc. and further until the said Ship, with all her Ordnance, Tackle, Apparel, etc. and Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, shall be arrived at upon the said Ship, etc. until flic

hath there moored at Anchor twenty-four Hours in good Safety, and upon the Goods and Merchandizes, until the same be there discharged and safely landed: And it shall be lawful for the said Ship, etc. in this Voyage, to proceed and fail to, and touch and flay at, any Ports or Places whatsoever, without Prejudice to this Atlurance, the said Ship, etc. Goods and Merchandizes, etc. for so much as concerns the Aflureds, (by Agreement made between the Aflureds and the said Corporation in this Policy,) are and shall be rated and valued at Ster.ing, without farther Account to be given by the Aflureds for the same.

Touching the Adventures and Perils which the said Corporation are contented to bear and do take upon them in this Voyage, they are, of the Seas, Men of War, Fire, Enemies, Pirates, Rovers, Thieves, jet-tifons. Letters of Mart and Countermart, Surprizals, Takings at Sea, Arrests, Restraints, and Detainments of all Kings, Princes, and People, of what Nation, Condition, or Quality soever, Barretry of the Master and Manners, and of all oner Perils, Lodes, and Misfortunes, that have or shall come to the Hurt,

Detriment, or Damage, of the said Goods and Merchandizes, and Ship, etc. or any Part thereof: And in case of any Loss or Misfortune it shall be lawful to the Aflureds, their Favors, Servants, and Assigns, to fuc, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the Defence, Safeguard, and Recovery, of the said Goods and Merchandizes, and Ship, etc. (or any Part thereof), without Prejudice to this Act’urance, to the Charges whereof the said Corporation will contribute according to the Rate and Quantity of the Sum herein act’ured:

And ic is agreed by the said Corporation that this Writing or Policy of Assurance shall be of as much Force and Lfleft as the surest Writing or Policy of Assurance heretofore made in Lombard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London: And so the said Corporation are contented, and do hereby promise and bind themselves and their Successors to the Aflureds, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the true Performance of the Premises, confessing themselves paid the Consideration due unto them for this Assurance by at and after the Rate of per Cent. In Witness whereof the said

Corporation have caused their Common Seal to be hereunto affixed, and the Sum or Sums by them allured to be here underwritten, at their Office in the Royal Exchange of London this Day of

in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord by the

Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, etc. and in the Year of our Lord

The said Corporation are content with this Assurance for

Free from all Average on Corn, Flour, Fish, Salt, Fruit, Seed, Hides, and Tobacco, unless general, or < otherwise specially agreed.

Free from Average on Sugar, Rum, Skins, Hemp, and Flax, under five per Cent.; and on all other Goods, and on Ship, under three per Cent. except general.

18, By Order of the Court of Directors.

Km*, cap. lxiv.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers, for a limited Time.

[19th May 1795.]

WHEREAS by the Act of Parliament now in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, certain Rates are established in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for the Payment of Innholders and others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers are quartered

and billetted, who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer at their Quarters; and an Option is given to such Innholders and others, to furnish certain Articles gratis, ini lieu of Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed: And whereas the Occasion of marching and quartering of d roops has encrealed, and rjiay continue, and the Rules prescribed for furnishing Soldiers with Necessaries are, in many Instances, become, from the high Price of Provisions, inadequate, and are productive of Distress to such Innholders and others :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the^ifame, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, every Non-commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be (urnished with Diet and Small Beer within the aforesaid Part of Great Britain, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Act now in force, or by virtue of any Act which may hereafter be in force, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their <Jjai:ersj shall pay and allow for the same ten Pence per Diem; and that the Accounts of the same shall be Tendered, and Payment thereof made, in like Manner as is directed in the said Act now in force touching

the former Rates of six Pence per Diem for the Cavalry, and four Pence per Diem for the Infantry.

Mutiny Act recited.

Non-commis-

ficned Off.ctrj and Solders tq

allow iod. per Ditm lor Diet and Small Beer in Quarters in England;

126 C. 65. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

ind for Articles which have been (urnished gratis in lieu thereof, 2d. per Diem to be allowed.

For Hotfes quartered, lod. -q per Diem to be paid for Hay and Straw.

So much of recited Act as relates to fumish-ing with Diet Non-commis-stoned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or ro-

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders or other Persons on whom any Non-commissioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered, shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Act, furnish such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furnishing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed by this Act, such Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive, in Consideration thereof, two Pence per Diem for each Non* commissioned Officer and Soldier, instead of furnishing the same gratis, as required by the said Act; which Sum of two Pence per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like Manner as is directed touching the Rates aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person, on whom any of the Horses belonging to his said Majesty's Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for Hay and Straw, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, be ten Pence Halfpenny per Diem for each Horse, instead of six Pence per Diem as directed in the said Act.

IV. And whereas the Provisions contained in the said recited Act, with respect to the Manner of dieting Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the Recruits by them raised, have been productive of much Inconvenience, as well to the Troops as the Inn- holders;’ be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Manner of furnishing Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the Recruits by them raised, with Diet or other Provision, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

cruiting, repealed.

Regulation with respect to dieting Non-

commission.

Officers and Soldiers cn their March;

and recruiting Parties and Recruits.

Continuance of Act.]

V. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may be billetted, at the Rates herein-before prescribed, while on the March, as also on and for the Day of their Arrival at the Place of their final Destination* and on the two subsequent Days, unless either of the two subsequent Days shall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers Avail be billetted, or within the Distance of two Miles thereof, in v/hich Case it shall and may be lawful for the Innholder, or other Person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such Market Day, the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the Articles in the said recited Act specified, and at the Rate herein-before prescribed: Provided always, that if any Regiment, Troop, Company, or Detachment, when on the March, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinite Time, at any intermediate Place, the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Persons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such Time only for which they would be entitled to receive the same after arriving at the Place of their final Destination, according to this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men employed in recruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any recruiting Station, be entitled to the same Benefits as is herein-before provided in regard to Troops upon the March; but no Recruit enlisted after the two Days subsequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rate herein-before prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also never theless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a Time shall return to the same Place, they, and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such two Days as aforesaid, unless the Period between the Time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded twenty-eight Days-

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to prevent unnecessary Delay in the Execution of Writs, for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[19th May 1795.]

WHEREAS the Execution of Writs of Election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, has often been improperly delayed for Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sheriff or Stewart Lepute or aubstitute of any County or Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, within fix free Days after receiving the Writ or Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, direct the Notices required by Law to be given as to the Time and Place of Election of a Member for such County or Stewartry; and that the Day of Election appointed by the Sheriff shall not be sooner than fix free Days, nor later than fifteen Days after the Day of Publication at the Church Doors*

"Sheriffs Deputes or Sub-ftmites, A*c. to d.rest, within six Days alter receiving the \Vr.ts, tile Notices requacd to be given for Elections of Members, &c.

None but

Sheriffs Deputes, &c. or

II. And whereas Doubts have been entertained by whom the Writs for Election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland should be received and

C. 66.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

1 executed, when there happens to be a Principal or High Sheriff or Stewart appointed by his Majesty in any County or Stewartry as well as a Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute, whose Commission is also

derived from the Crown, and is ad Vitam ant Culpanu in respect that, by an Act, pass in the twentieth

Year of his late Majesty, for taking away and abolishing the Heritable Jurisdictions, these Offices and the Powers and Authorities belonging to them, were essentially changed :* for Remedy thereof, and to remove such Doubts, be it enacted, That, upon issuing of any Writ or Writs for the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the said Writ or Writs shall be forthwith forwarded and delivered to the Sheriff Depute, or Stewart Depute, or to the Substitute of each, and the Principal or High Sheriff, or Stewart, shall not -officiate either in receiving or in executing the Writ, the Whole of this Duty being entrusted to the Sheriff Depute, or Stewart Depute, or, in case of Absence, to the Substitute of each, and to no other Person whatsoever.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute shall wilfully refuse, neglect, or delay to do or perform what is hereby required of him in any of the Particulars aforesaid, he shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling, one Half to the Person who shall sue for the same, and the other Half to his Majesty, to be sued for and recovered in the Manner directed by an Act of the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, an Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Principal or High Sheriff or Stewart, or any Person other than the Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or the Substitute of each, shall presume in any Respect to interfere or take upon himself the Execution of Writs of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, every such Person so offending in any Particular, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one thousand Pounds Sterling, one Half to the Person who shall sue for the same, and the other Half to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be sued for and recovered in the Manner directed by an Act of the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Election of Members to serve for the Commons in in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to refrain the Partiality^ and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections; and further, the Person convicted on any Suit shall thereby become disabled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever under his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Action or Suit for any Offence against this Act, shall be commenced within twelve Months after Commission of the Faff on which the same is grounded, or within twelve Months after the Conclusion of any Proceedings in the House of Commons relating to such Election.

VI. And whereas the several Parish Churches in the Stewarty of Orkney and Zetland are situated upon* Islands, detached and difficult of Access;’ be it therefore enacted, That the Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Stewartry shall be published at the Town of Kirkwall, and the twelve Parish Churches in the island of Pomona, or the Main Land of Orkney only.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for making Part of certain Principal Sums or Stock and Annuities raised or created, or to be raiftd or created, by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, on Loans, for the Use of the Government of that Kingdom, transferrable, and the Dividends on such Stock and Annuities payable at the Bank of England; and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Stocks and Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

[19th May 1795.]

in their Absence their Sub. flitue'es, to receive and execute Writs for Elections.

Penalty on

Sheriffs Deputes, Arc. for NegltA of Duty j

and on HisH Sheriffs, Arc.

for interfering in the Execution of Writs.

Limitation of Actions.

Writs for the Election of Members lor Orkney and Zetland, where to be published.

nUn the Principal Sums therein provided, for and towards the Discharge of such t) Manner as therein is directed; and for enabling the Officers of his Majestys TreaJ'ury to receive certain Sums, for a limited 77mey in Manner therein mentioned; and for granting to his

~ lying a certain Sum of

___ d ninety-four; and for

'her Put pops; it was among other Things enacted, that it should be lawful to raise on Loan the several urns of nine hundred thousand Pounds, and one hundred and twenty-nine thousand iix hundred and fifty Pounds; and that for so much of the said Sums as should be actually paid by any Person or Persons into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer of that Kingdom upon Loan, by Debentures bearing Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or upon Loan by Debentures bearing Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Armum, there should be paid at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer of that Kingdom, at the End of every six Calendar Months, to the Person or Persons so paying or lending the f.tmc, his, her, or their Executors, Admimrtrators, or Assigns, such Interest, not exceeding the Rate of five Pout

from fuel. mm

Governors of that Kingdom for the Time being, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions

whatsoever,

I n

A A of the Parliament of Ireland of 34 Geo. III. and

128

C. 66.

.35 Geo. III.

itcited.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

c whatsoever, until such Time as they should be respectively paid their Principal Money at one entire Payment: And it was further enabled, that it should be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of that Kingdom for the Time being, to appoint to be paid to such Person or Persons who should subscribe on Loan by Debentures at the respective Rates of Interest aforesaid,

such respective Annuities, and for such Terms of Years respectively as therein mentioned: And it was further enabled, that it should be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of that Kingdom for the Time being, from Time to Time to appoint one or more Person or Persons to pay, in the City of London, the Interest by that Act to be payable on any Sum or Sums by that Act authorized to be raised and borrowed, and to pay such Annuities as might by that Act be granted to effectuate the raising of any such Sum or Sums, such Interest and Annuities to be paid for such Sums as should be subscribed, and for which the Person or Persons subscribing should, at the Time of paying the Sum or Sums subscribed for, declare his or their Intention of receiving in London the Interest thereof and the Annuities thereupon, which Interest and Annuities should be paid without any Deduction or Charge whatsoever for Exchange or otherwise: And whereas by another Act of Parliament of the said Kingdom of Ireland, made and passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities and of the Interest upon the Principal Sums therein provided, for and towards the Discharge of such Principal Sums, in such Manner as therein is direlied; and for enabling the Officers of lis Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums, for a limited Time, in Manner therein mentioned; and for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Co nfoil dated Fund;

and for applying a certain Sum therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and for other Purposes; reciting, among other Things, that, towards effectuating the raising of the Sum of one million and twenty-nine thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds, by the said former Act authorized to be raised and borrowed. Annuities of twenty Shillings by the Year, for each Sum of one hundred Pounds, for fifteen Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, had, in pursuance of the said former Act, been appointed to be paid to the Persons who subscribed to the same, which Annuities amounted to the Sum of ten thousand two hundred and ninety-six Pounds and ten Shillings; and that the Persons entitled to nine thousand and one hundred Pounds thereof,

had, pursuant to the said former Act, declared their Intention of receiving the same in London, it was enacted, that for the several Principal Sums therein mentioned, including in particular the said Sum of one million and twenty-nine thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds, borrowed in pursuance of the said x former Act upon, or secured by, Debentures bearing an Interest at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and which should remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there should be paid, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in the Kingdom of Ireland, or by the Person or Persons appointed in the City of London for the Payment of such Interest as should be there payable in pursuance of the said former Act, at the End of every six Calendar Months,

to be computed from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to the Person or Persons who paid or lent, or should have become entitled to the same respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, an Interest at the respective Rates therein mentioned,

according to the Tenor of such Debentures respectively, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatsoever, until such Time as they should be respectively paid their Principal Money at one

entire Payment: And it was by the said Act of the thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign further enabled, that it should be lawful to raise on Loan the Sum of one million five hundred and ninety-one thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, and that for so much of the said last mentioned Sum as should be actually paid by any Person or Persons into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer of that Kingdom, upon Loans by Debentures bearing Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, there should be paid at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in that Kingdom, at the End of every six Calendar Months, to the Person or Persons so paying or lending the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, such Interest not exceeding the Rate ot five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to commence from such Time or Times as should be agreed upon by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in that Kingdom, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of that Kingdom, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of that Kingdom, for the Time being, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatsoever, until such Time as they should be respectively paid their Principal Money x at one entire Payment: And it was, by the said Act of the thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign,

further enabled, that for so much of the said Sum of one million five hundred and ninety-one thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, as should be actually paid by any Person or Persons in England for the Use of the Government of the Kingdom of Ireland, there should be paid at the Rank of England, to the Person or Persons so paying or lending the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest, not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum>

and to commence from such Time or Times as should be agreed upon by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of that Kingdom, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of that Kingdom for the Lime being, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatsoever, until such Fime as they should respectively be pa d their Principal Money at one entire Payment: And the said AClof the thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, further reciting, that, in order to effectuate the raising of the said Sum of one million five hundred and ninety-one thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, or such Part thereof as might be wanting, it might be necessary to grant Annuities for certain Terms of Years to the Persons subscribing to a Loan on Debentures, or 1 subscribing to Stock at the Bank of England, in case the Governor and Company of the said Bank should

C. 66. 129

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

agree to keep Transfer Rooks of the same, and in case Transfer Books of Stock, confiding of such Money as should be subscribed in England towards raising the said Sum to be borrowed in pursuance of the 4 lTd Act of the thirty* fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, should be kept at the Bank of England, it was thereby enacted, that the Entries in such Transfer Books should be Evidence of the Right and Title of the Person or Persons appealing by such Entries to have a Right thereto, and should in every Respect be as effectual and sufficient for every Purpose as any Entry in any Transfer Book kept at the Bank of England of Stock in any Fund there: And it was, by the said Act of the thirty-fifth vear of his Majesty's Reign, further enacted, that it should be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of the Kingdom of Ireland for the Time being, to appoint to be paid to such Person or Persons as should subscribe, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Treasury in that Kingdom, or in England, for the Use of the Government of the Kingdom of Ireland, any Sum or Sums towards raising the said Sum of one million five hundred ninety-one thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, such Annuity or Annuities as should be agreed upon by die Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of the Kingdom of Ireland, not exceeding the lowed Rate that should be offered by any Person subsetibing to the said Loan, for any Term of Years not more than fifteen; and that such Annuities as should be so appointed, should be paid to the Person or Persons so subscribing, his, her, or their Pxecutors, Administrators, and Assigns, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, in refixrdl of such Sums as should be subscribed and paid there; and at the Bank of England, in respect of such Sums as should be subscribed and paid in England^ for the Use of the Government of the Kingdom of Ireland; and such Annuities should be paid at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, and to commence from such Period, as fhobld be appointed: And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have consented and agreed, that so much of the Annuities, and of the interest upon the said Principal Sums of one million and twenty-nine thousand six hundred and firty Pounds, and one million five hundred and ninety-one thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, by the said two Acts of Parliament of Ireland authorized to be raised and borrowed, as shall be payable in England, should be payable at the Bank of England; and the said Governor and Company have also consented and agreed to keep such Transfer Books as mentioned in the said Act of Parliament of Ireland of the thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign; but such Agreement cannot be effectually carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of inc Bank of England to apply such Money as shall be paid into the Bank of England in pursuance of the said Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, in paying the interest and Annuities in pursuance of the said two Acts of Parliament of Ireland, or either of them, and the said Annuities, and also the said Principal Sums or Stock, and any Part or Parcel thereof, shall and may be tramferrable at the Bank of England in the Manner herein after described; and the said Annuities, Principal Sums, or Stock, and the interest payable thereon, shall not be liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to authorize and tiired their Accountant General for the Time being, to keep Books wherein all Arguments or Transfers of the said Annuities, and Principal Sums or Stock, shall be entered and registered, in such Manner as the said Governor and Company shall direct; which Entry shall be signed by the Parties making such Alignments or Transfers, or if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attorneys, thereunto lawfully authorized, in Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be atteiled by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof by themselves, or by their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized in Manner aforesaid; and that no other Method of aligning and transferring the said Annuities and Principal Sums or Stock, or any Pa:t thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in Law: Provided always, that no Scamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers, nor on any Receipt for any Payment in respect of the said Annuities, or the said Principal Sums, or Stock, or the interest thereof j any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas, for the Prevention of Forgeries and Flauds in respect to the Receipts, Payments, and Transfers, made or given in pursuance of this Act, it is oecdlary that the like Provisions should be enacted as jy file Laws now in being are already in force respecting Stocks, Annuities, and other Public Funds, rransferrable at the Bank of England aforesaid ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Receipt or Receipts for the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Subscriptions or Contributions towards the said two Loans, or either of them, or any Debenture or Debentures purporting to entitle any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate whatsoever, to any Principal Sum, or the interest thereon, or any Annuity, or Part of any Principal Sum, interest, or Annuity, payable under the said two Acts of Parliament of Ireland, or either of them, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, being inserted therein as the Subscriber or Subscribers, or Contributor or Contributors, or Payer or Payers, towards the said two Loans, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or utter or publish as true, any such false, fotged, counterfeited, or altered. Receiptor Receipts, Debenture or Debentures, with Intention to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of

Bank of England may apply Money paid in pursuance of recited Acts, in Payment of Interest and Annuities pursuant thereto, &c.

Books to be kept for entering Transfers of Annuities, &c.

No Stamp Duties to be charged.

Persons forging or altering, &c. Receipts or De* bentures, to suffer Death.

fS

o

Persons forging Letters of Attorney to trans-fcr Stock, tec. or pci fonating Proprietors, to suffer Death*

Persons forging Dividend Warrants, Arc. to suffer Death.

Officers of the Bank embezzling Notes, tec. to suffer Death.

Persons making Transfers in any but Names of Proprietors, to suffer Death.

Persons forging Transfers, &c. to suffer Death.

C. 66. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing, as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons, without Benefit of Clergy.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Letter of Attorney or other Authority or Instrument, to transfer, assign, fell, or convey, any Part or Share of or in the Principal Sums or Stock, or the Annuities, by this Act made or declared transferable at the Flank of England, or to receive any Annuity or Annuities, or Interest, or Dividend or Dividends, in pursuance of this Act, payable at the Bank of England, or any Part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any the Name or Names of any the Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Part or Share of or in such Principal Sums, or Stock, or Annuities, Interest, Dividend or Dividends as aforesaid, in or to any such pretended Letter of Attorney, Instrument, or Authority, or shall knowingly and fraudulently demand or endeavour to have any such Part or Share of or in such Principal Sums, or Stock, or Annuities, Interest, Dividend or Dividends, or any Part thereof, transferred, assigned, (old, or conveyed, or such Annuity or Annuities, Interest, Dividend or Dividends, or any Part thereof, to be received by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged Letter of Attorney, Authority, or Instrument, or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Shares, of or in the said Principal Sums or Stock, Annuities, Interest, Dividend or Dividends, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and thereby transferring, or endeavouring to transfer, any Part or Share of or in the said Principal Sums, or Stock, or Annuities, or receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the Money of such true and lawful Proprietor or Proprietors, as if such Offender or Offenders were the true and lawful Owner or Owners thereof, then, and in every or any such^ Case, such Offender or Offenders shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons, without Benefit of Clergy.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, any Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, Interest, or Money, payable in pursuance of this Act at the Bank of England or any Indorsement thereon, or shall offer, or dispose of, or put away, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered. Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, Interest, or Money, payable as aforesaid, or the Indorsement thereon, or demand the Money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any Part thereof, of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any their Officers or Servants* knowing such Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, Interest, or Money, payable as aforesaid, or the Indorsement thereon, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, or any other Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every Person or Persons so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons, without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Officer or Servant of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, being entrusted with any Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity or Interest, or Money, or any Security Money, or other Effects, of or belonging to the said Governor and Company, or having any Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity or Interest, or Money, or any Security Money, or other Effects, of any other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, lodged or deposited with the said Governor and Company, or with him as an Officer or Servant of the said Governor and Company, in pursuance of this Act, or of the due Execution thereof, shall secrete, embezzle, or run away with, any such Note, Bill, Dividend or other Warrant, Security Money, or other Effedis, as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, every such Officer or Servant, so offending, shall be deemed guilty of P'elony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully make, or assist in making, any Transfer of any Interest, Part, or Share, of or in any Principal Sums or Stock, Annuity or Annuities, by this Act made or declared transferable at the Bank of England, in any of the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in which Transfers of Principal Sums, Stock, or Annuities, as aforesaid, are, or in pursuance of this Act shall be, made, in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, not being the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Principal Sums or Stock, or Annuity or Annuities, transferable as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, such Person or Persons so making, or assisting in making, such Transfer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons, without Benefit of Clergy.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act-, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall falsely m.ike, force, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or shall wilfully act or assist in the fallely making, forging, or counterfeiting of any Transfer of any Interest, Part, or Share, of or in any Principal Sums, or Stock, or Annuity or Annuities, by this Act made Or declared transferable at the Bank of England, or shall utter or publim as true any such false, forged, or counterfeited Transfer as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever so offending, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons, without Benefit of Clergy.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 67. 131

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully make, or assist in making, any false Entry, or shall wilfully alter, or assist in altering, any Word or Figure in any Enfry in the Books of Account kept, or in pursuance of this Act to be kept, by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, wherein the several Accounts of the Owners or Proprietors of Principal Sums, or Stock, or Annuities, by this Act made or declared transferrable at the Bank of Englandare, or in pursuance of this Act shall be, entered and kept, or shall in any Manner wilfully falsify the Account or Accounts of any such Owner or Proprietor in the Books of the salt] Governor and Company, wherein such Accounts are, or in pursuance of this Act shall be, entered and kept, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons, so offending, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons, without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And whereas, in order to cover and conceal Forgeries and Frauds in Transfers, Dividend Warrants have been sometimes made out for different Sums than the Sums really due be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if any Clerk, Officer, or Servant of, or other Person or Persons employed or entrusted by, the said Governor and Company, shall, from and a'tcr the passing of this Act, knowingly or wilfully make out or deliver, or cause or procure to be made out or delivered, or wilfully act or assist in the making out or delivering, of any Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, or Interest, or Money, payable in pursuance of this Act at the Bank of England, for a greater or le(s Amount than the Person or Persons on whose Behalf, or pretended Behalf, such Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, or Interest, or Money, payable as aforesaid, shall be made out, is or are entitled to, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, all and every such Person or Persons, io offending, being in due Form of Law convicted of any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall be transported for seven Years.

Persons making

false Entry in the Books of the Rank to fufler Death.

Clerks, ice. of the Bank making out f*ifc Dividend Warrants to be transported.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act to restrain all Persons from Marriage until their former Wives and former Husbands be dead.

[19th May 1795.]

WHEREAS the Punishment of Persons convicted of Felony, under or by virtue of an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act to reflrain all Persons

- Marriage until their former Wives and former Husbands be dead, has not proved effectual to deter

‘^wicked and evil-disposed Persons from being guilty of the Offence therein described:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons within his Majesty's Dominions of England and Wales, being married, or which hereafter shall marry, do, at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, marry any Person or Persons, the former Husband or Wife being aiive, and shall be in due Manner convicted thereof under the said Act, shall be subject and liable to the same Penalties, Pains, and Punishments as, by the Laws now in force, Persons are subject and liable to who are convicted of Grand or Petit Larceny.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who shall he ordered to be transported by virtue of this Act, shall be afterwards at large within Great Britain, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Person or Persons shall be ordered to be transported, all and every such Person and Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a

Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

r, <. ported.

1 Jac. T. Cap. xi.

Persons convicted in England of Bigamy, subject to the Penalties inflicted for Larceny }

and returning to Great Britain before the Expiration of the Term for which they are trinf-to fufler Death;

III. And be it further enacted, That such Person and Persons so ordered to be transported as aforesaid, and Offenders re-afterwards found at large within Great Britain, may be tried for such Offence either in the County where such Person or Persons was or were so convicted and ordered to be transported as aforesaid, or in such WhereFto be °n* County where such Person or Persons shall be apprehended and taken (such County being within England tried, &c.w or Wales); and in such latter Case the Clerk or other Person having the Custody of ^Records of the Court by which such Person or Persons was or were ordered to be transported, shall certify a Transcript, briefly containing the Tenor and ElFcft of the Record of the Indictment, Verdict, and Judgment, agau ft such Person and Persons *, which Certificate, being produced to the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall (land on their Trial, shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient Evidence of the Indictment,.

Verdict, and Judgment contained in such Record.

CAP.

132

c. 68.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795

Recital of his Majesty's Letters Patent, dated Jan. 1,

w

Specification the Invention

of

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for vetting, for, a certain Term of Years, in the Right Honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administrators, and A (Tigris, the sole Property of a Kiln or Oven, by him invented, for burning Lime, and ter the Use of Dividers and Brewers, and for other beneficial Purposes.

[19th May 1795 ]

WHEREAS hi1? most Excellent Majesty King George the Third, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Brittain, bearing Date at Westminster the first Day of January in the twenty-second Year of his Reign, did give and grant unto Henry Seymour Comvay, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, his especial Licence, full Power, sole Privilege, and Authority of making, uling, exercising, and vending, within that Part of his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of ITales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, his Invention of a Kiln and Oven for the Purpose of saving great Part of the Expence employed in burning Lime, as also in the several Branches of the Distilling and Brewing Business, and for other beneficial Purposes, where the Use of Fire is concerned, for the

lien to

-I— Date of the said recited Letters Patent: And whereas the said Henry Seymour Conway did, in pursuance of tile said Proviso, cause a particular Description of the said Invention to be inrolled in the said High Court of Chan-ccry, upon the twenty- third Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; which Description is in the Words and Form, or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

u The said Invention consists of a Kiln and Oven so contrived that the same Fire is made to serve at the same Timethe sufficient for d 44 Coal, is not w;

u

il

acquires rather an additional Vs$uc, in some Places to a considerable Amount. The Oven, which should be made of good IVindjor or other Bricks, bed able to rchft the Force of the Fire, has a dead or flat

Hearth, on which the Coal is laid. Near the said Oven, and mod conveniently opposite to the Mouth

of it, a Lime Kiln is placed, the Bottom of which may be on a Level with the Floor of the Oven, having an Opening into the Oven, through which the Flame or Heat is drawn into the Bottom or lower

Part of the Lime Kiln, which being fornething narrower below, should be nearly cylindrical, or rather

drawing inward above, so as to give the greatest Effect to the Heat: Over the Kiln and Oven are placed

the Stills or other Vessels proposed to be employed, in such Manner as not to be immediately open to the

Fire in the Oven or the burning Lime, but to receive their Heat through Flues disposed and governed by

" iiz *ifters inserted in them, in such Manner as to increase or moderate the Heat in esrch Part at Pleasure,

so*&at the different Operations by the Stills or Boilers et catera, may be carried on independent of each

Other; for ,fhis End both the Oven and Kiln should have strong and thick Crowns or Coves, at the

" sprinrHne of which the Flues may most conveniently be made, through which the Flame or Heat is to be conveyed to th-' Stills or Coppers placed over them, or, if thought necessary, a double or false Crown

mient he *dderT/r. as more effectually to repress the Heat when required; observing, that when the

Vefie! over the Over is to be kept cool, the Registers of the Flues leading to it from the Oven are to be

tnc uvet conffinej to the Lime Kiln alone; and when the Veil'd ov.

to

er the Lime Kiln

- over-----

is°toJ be coded^Lite Re» 'fters under that being in the same tVlanner closed, the Heat is then carried off through a Flue or Oiimrtu erected for that Purpose, or may even again be employed for some farther

ufefufPuruofe at Pleasure - Mib, when the Heat is admitted to the Vessel over the Oven, it partes from uierai Purpose at Healure ... ,.^e of hjgher part of t)?c Lime Kiln; these have also Registers i

1. - r*i rLmnou thrift* (^hnnnelc* nr nrpvrnf \t< rrttirnintr frr%t

xJk

thence by other Flues into which eiiherH__________

4‘ Kiln to the Vessel over the Over»f v.w^c, 44 disterent Flues should be of good ztK between them; into which Space, if the

in them.

ct

it

<t

Construction

His ®

Letters Par cm for Scotland cited..

r L 1 T v 11 iw 4UUVC a uiuuhn wiui iwu, ui even mure dlllJS

‘ If A of Un"n to be n,arde f%?(,n l)lace £ !he 9'. ’iv’P and grant unto the said Seymour

« r. NlVtmier\ 'a the twenty-six til Year of his Reign, did k L.xence, Power, Privilege, and Authority, if Sl ] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the Jnce. hfn that part of his Majesty's Kingdom

Vfeningivh,?/a,d In^Tt,0;1- ws> with a Proviso obliging Mm, by

t£, Z T for the rke crm f {Treea Yt- ‘he Nature of the said Invention to

fUln,8 "‘wet jus Hand and Seal, to cause a particular Description o. after the Date of the said rrrit, I L ,'e inrolled in his Majesty's Chancery in Scotland, within four Months mav did cause such Dc forint, on L etters 1 > '« purluar.ee of which Proviso the said Henry Seymour Co. f 7uvtiro one thousand < »en

to be inroiicd in the said Chancery of Scotland, upon the twenty-third Day i, J hundred

133

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 68.

hundred and eighty-six, in the same Words and Form, and to the same Effecfl, as that herein-above men- tinned as inrolled in the High Court of Chancery of England: And whereas the said Invention, in the' 4 Opinion of competent Judges, who have inspecded the fume, and examined the said HeUry Seymour Conway % 1 Method of conducting the Process thereof for the Purposes above mentioned, and also of other Persons who haveadtually used the same, will be attended with many beneficial Consequences to the Public, as thereby the Expence of the Whole or the greatest Part of the Fuel used in those Processes to which the same Invention is applicable will be effectually saved, and in some Cases a Gain or Profit will be absolutely obtained upon the Fuel so employed: And whereas the said Henry Seymour Conway devoted a very consider-f able Portion of Time, and expended very large Sums of Money, to the Detriment of his private Fortune, in bringing his said Invention to Peifeftion; but notwithstanding the Advantages resulting to the Public from the Use of the said Invention, and although thirteen Years of the Term contained in the said first- mentioned Letters Patent, and nine Years of the Second, are elapsed, he has not been able hitherto to reimburse himself the great Expence which he has incurred: And whereas, upon the Expiration of the said Letters Patent, which will happen the first within one Year and the latter within five Years from the present Time, the Public at large will (unless restricted) be entitled to use and exercise the Invention thereby 4 i’fcured, which will be a very great Prejudice to the said Henry Seymour Conway, and deprive him of the Means of reimbursing himself the Expences which he has sustained in bringing his laid Invention to Perfection; and as several Years may elapfc before the Use of the said Invention can become so general as to produce any considerable Profit, the Expiration of the said Letters Patent will entirely prevent him from being reimbursed his said Expences; And whereas the said Henry Seymour Conway, under these Circumstances, is induced to apply to the Legislature to have the Terms granted by the said Letters Patent

reimbursed employed enabled,

by the Prolongation of the Terms contained in the said Letters Patent, to obtain an adequate Recompence for his Labour, Time, ard Expence, in and about his said Invention; may it please your most Excellent Majesty, (at the humble Petition and Request of the said Henry Seymour Conway,) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the sole Privilege and Advantage of making, uling, exercising, and vending, the said Kiln and Oven, herein-before particularly set forth and described, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be, and are hereby declared to be vtlled in the said Henry Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, lor and during the Term of twenty Years; and that he the said Henry Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, by himself and themselves, or by his and their Deputy or Deputies, Serv ants or Agents, or such others as he the said Henry Seymour Convjay, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall at any Time agree with, and no others, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Term of Years herein-before mentioned, shall and lawfully may make, use, exercise, and vend, the said Kiln and Oven within the Kingdom of Great Britain, by the Method herein-before described, in such Manner as to him the said Hemy Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall in their Discretions seem meet; and that the said Henry Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall, and lawfully may have and enjoy the whole Profit, Benefit, Commodity, and Advantage, from Time to Time coming, growing, accruing, and arising, by reason of his said Invention, for the said Term of twenty Years, to have, hold, receive, and enjoy, the same, for and during and to the full End and Term of twenty Years as aforesaid; and that no ether Person or Persons, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall at any Time during the said T erm of twenty Years, either directly or indirectly, make, use, or put in PraCfice, the said Invention, or any Part of the same, nor in any wise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble, the same nor shall make or cause to be made any Addition thereunto, or Subtraction from the same, whereby to pretend himself or themselves the Inventor or Inventors, Devisor or Dcvifors thereof, without the Licence, Consent, or Agreement, of the said Henry Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in Wriving under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, first h:vd and obtained in that Behalf, upon such Pains and Penalties as can or may be justly inflicted upon such Offenders for their Contempt of this Act, nd further to be answerable to the said Henry Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administratcis, and Aflig s, according to Law, for his and their Damages thereby occasioned.

li. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or hinder any Person or Persons from making, uling, exercising, and vending of a Kiln and Oven for the Purposes aforesaid, by any Method which is not the Invention of the said Henry Seymour Conway as aforesaid, or which has been publicly used or exercised by any other Person or Persons before the Time of the Date of the said Letters Patent herein recited; but that all such Methods wtin h are not at present of the said Invention of the said Henry Seymour Conway, or are not particularly speemed in this Act, shall be and remain to the Public, and to the respective Inventors thereof, as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that every Objection in Law competent against the said Patents shall be competent against this Act1, to all Intents and Purposes, except so far as relates to the Perm hereby granted.

III. Provided always, That if the said Henry Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any Person or Persons who shall at any Time during the said Term of twenty Years have or claim any R gbt, Title, or Interest in Law or Equity, of, in, or to the Power, Privilege, or Authority, of the sole Vfc and Benefit of the said Invention, shall make any Transfer or Assignment, or pretended Transfer or

Assignment

13

Great Expence of the Invention.

Sole Privilege of nuking and vending the Invention verted in the Right Hon. H. S. Conway, hi* Executors, Arc. lor ao Year*.

Act not t*

hinder the

using any Invention, which is not the Invention of H. S. Conway.

Privileges not to be trans-l erred to more than five Per-UUo, Scc-

<34

6 Geo. I. Cap. 18.

[Public Act.]

0

C. 69

73

tricesimo quinto

A.D. 1795.

Alignment of the said Liberty or Privilege hereby granted, or any Share or Shares of the Benefit err Profits thereof, or shall declare any Trust thereof, to or for any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of five; or shall open or cause to be opened any Book or Books for Public Subscriptions to be made by any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of five, in order to the raising any Sum or Sums of Money, under Pretence of carrying on the said Liberty or Privilege hereby granted; or shall by him or themselves, or his or their Agents or Servants, receive any Sum or rums of Money whatsoever of any Number of Persons, exceeding in the Whole the Number of five, for such or the like Intents or Purposes; or shall presume to act as a Corporate Body; or shall divide the Benefit of the Liberty or Privileges hereby granted into any Number of Shares exceeding the Number of five; or shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, during such Time as such Person or Persons shall have any Right or Title, either in Law or Equity, which shall be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty^ by two Charters, for Assurance of Ships and Merchandises at Seay and for lending money upon Bottomry, and for rest rainingfever al extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned; or in case the said Power, Privilege, or Authority, shall at any Time become vetted in or in I'rust for more than the Number of five Persons, or their Representatives, at any one lime, otherv/ife than by Devise or Succession, (reckoning Executors and Administrators as and for the single Person whom they fepresent, as to such Interest as they are or shall be entitled to in Right of such their Testator or Intestate,) that then, and in every of the said cases, all Liberties and Advantages whatsoever hereby granted shall utterly cease, determine, and become void; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act, as relates to the Amount of the Debt charged upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited by the Attainder of Evan Mucpherson, late of Cluny.

[19th May 1795.]

" 24 Geo. III. Cap. 57, recited; and that Part which subjects the forfeited Lands of Cluny to the Payment or 5,138l. 17s. nd. repealed. The forfeited Lands of Cluny to be (abject only to the Payment of M 3,188l. 7J. id" 1 HT3

---

CAP. LXX.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex; and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish; and for making an additional Cemetery or Church Yard; and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the said Church, and other Works.

[19th May 1795.]

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for building a New Church or Chapel in the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[19th May 1795.]

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for making a Navigable Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick.

[19th May 1795.]

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for repealing several Acts made in the eighth, tenth, thirteenth, and fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof and for divers other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes.

[19th May 1795.]

---

u Acts 8 Geo. III. Cap. 46; io Geo. III. Cat. 23; 13 Geo. III. Cap. 48; 15 Geo. III. Cap. 21, u recited and repealed. Vestrymen appointed. Vestrymen not to hold a Place of Profit; but may act as " Justices. Vestrymen to meet on a Saturday; and may adjourn for a shorter or longer Space than the u next Saturday; but Notice to be given thereof. Vestrymen to pay their own Expences. Clause for u electing new Vestrymen. After Absence of two Years, to cease to be a Vestryman. No Act valid, un- lefsat a Meeting. Majority present at public Meetings may act. Chairman to be appointed. Chairman

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

c. 73-

[Proviso.]

may administer an Oath. Proceedings not valid, until confirmed at a subsequent Meeting. Entries of Proceedings good Evidence. Actions to be in the Name of the Clerk. Clause for appointing Officers. Officers taking any Fee or Reward besides the Salary; or being concerned in Interest in any Bargain or Contrail, shall be disqualified to act. Persons ailing under the late Acts to account. Vestrymen to appoint Churchwardens. His Grace the Duke of Portland so appoint a Churchwarden, &c. Sidefmcn may ail as Churchwardens. Appointment of Overseers. Overseers refusing or neglecting their Duty, others to be chosen. And in case of such Neglect or Refusal to serve to forfeit 10l. Vestrymen tochoolc, and justices to swear, Constables. Substitutes allowed. Fine for not serving the Office of Constable, or finding Substitute. Penalty on Neglect of Duty. Churchwardens, &c. appointed by the former Acts to have the same Powers. Copy of all Nominations and Orders, (3 c. signed by the Veilry Clerk. Constables to attend in Rotation, and keep Watch and Ward every Night 5 prevent Files, (3 c.; to take up suspected Persons, carry them before a Justice; and go the Rounds every Night; and report the Misbehaviour of Watchmen. None liable to be re-elected within seven Years. Clause for choosing Watchmen and Beadles. Vestrymen to make Orders concerning Beadles and Watchmen. Watchmen's Power and Duty, &c. Victuallers not to suffer Watchmen, &c. to be in their House during the Hours of Duty. Vestrymen may reward Watchmen; and may build Watch Boxes. May build a Watch House. All Contrails to be advertised. No Contrail to be made for more than three Years. Contrails to be inspeiled. Vestrymen may compound with Persons for Breach of Contrail, (3 c. Contrails to be signed by Vestrymen. Contrails under the former Acts good. Part of Tyburn Road subjeiled to Jurisdiction of Vestrymen. What shall be deemed a House in Oxjord Street. Road from High Street, c3c. to Tyburn, to be under Jurisdiction of Vestrymen. Trustees of the said Road to pay annually 500l. to Vestrymen. On Default of Payment may take Possession of Turnpikes. Application of the said 44 500 / The same may be assigned for Monies borrowed. Assignments to be entered in Books; and may be transferred. If the Perm of Acts 7 Geo. I. 8 and 29 Geo. II. and 23 Geo. III. are not enlarged, vestrymen may ereil a Gate near where Tyburn Turnpike stands. Property of Pavements, 13c. veiled in Vestrymen. Penalty on damaging Works, &c.; to be levied by Distress and Sale. For Want of Distress. Offender to be committed. Old Materials, &c. veiled in Vestrymen; and maybe fold. Payments to be made inten Days. Old Materials may be made use of, &c. Lamps to befetup, &c. Lamp Irons to be affixed against Walls, &c. Penalty on wilfully damaging Lamps, &c. On Non-payment Offender to be committed. Persons accidentally damaging Lamps, &c. to make Satisfaction. On Nonpayment, may be levied. Vestrymen may pave, &c. Pavement and Water Pipes, when broken, by whom to be repaired. Pavement to be relayed by the Space of two Days. Paviours of the Water Companies to give Notice of their Names, &c. Water Companies to pay to the Vestrymen the Expence rf new laying the Pavement when Pipes are broken, &c. Water Companies may repair the Pavement by their own Workmen, within four Feet of their Plugs, &c. Vestrymen may compound with the Water Companies. How Water may more easily be obtained in Times of Fire. Commissioners of Sewers to repair Drains, &c. which are under their Direction. Owners of Pipes to relay or repair them at their own Charges. Expence of cleansing Sewers, &c. to be paid by Commissioners of Sewers, &c. Water Companies and Commissioners of Sewers to fence, &c. when Pavements are taken up. Expence of altering Pipes, &c. to be borne by the Vestrymen. Pipes replaced at Request, Proprietors to pay Expence of repairing Pavements. Vestrymen may compound with said Proprietors. Inhabit-u ants to give Notice to Surveyors when Pavements want any Repairs. If Surveyors think such Pave- ments not defective, Vestrymen to view the same. Streets to be watered, Wells sunk, and Pumps erected. If Vestrymen judge any new-built Street, &c. proper to be paved, they are to require Inhabit- ants to meet, and compound for the Paving. On Neglect, Composition may be levied. Owners of vacant Grounds, err. how to be charged. Paviours and Carters to be appointed. Where Materials for Footways may be lodged. Penalty on obstructing Surveyors. Penalty on altering the Form of Streets, 13c. erecting Bulks, placing out Shew Boards, tsV. Not to remove the Polls in the Place leading from Oxford Street into Hanover Square. Persons digging Earth, or leaving Holes for making Vaults, &c. to inclose the same. Trap Doors not to be left open. Projections, &c. to be removed. Signs, &c. to be affixed on the Fronts of Houses, (3c> Clause to enforce Observance of Building Acts, foas to prevent Incroachments. Bodies Politic, &c. may contract for Sale. On Refusal to treat, Value to be settled by a Jury. Juries may be impannelled, and challenged. Witnesses may be summoned. Penalty on Sheriffs, Jurymen, and Witnesses. Jury may assess the Value and proportionable Sums to be paid to every Person interested; which Verdict shall be binding; and recorded in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace. Expences of the Jury and Witnesses, by whom to be borne. Verdict not binding, unless Money paid within three Calendar Months. Money belonging to Corporations, &c. to be re-invested. On Payment of Purchase Money Premises to be conveyed; and vested in the Vestrymen. Mortgagees to assign on Tender of Principal and three Months Interest; or on six Months Notice. Tenants to quit on Notice given. Vestrymen may purchase other Lands, with the Consent of the Owners, for widening the Streets. Powers for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions. Hoards how to be erected. Punishment for erecting Hoards without Leave. No Lime to be flacked in the Streets, &c. Penalty on driving Carriages,^, on the Foot Pavements."

XCV. And whereas both Hackney Coachmen and Hackney Chairmen frequently take their Stands, with their Coaches and Chairs, in such Part of a Square or Street as to occasion considerable Obstructions bi a on the Carriage and Footways;’ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of the said Vestrymen may direct and regulate such Stands as they shall in their Discretion think proper,

Stands of Hackney Coachmen See. to be regulated.

136

Justices may summon Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen.

Inspectors of Weights and Measures to be anointed.

Thfptftor’s

Oath.

Penalty on Persons refufine to ftrve as Inspectors

Inspector* of Weights appointed by the Act of the tenth to have the same Powers.

C. 73. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

within the Limits aforesaid; and if any Hackney Coachman or Hackney Chairman shall not comply with such Regulations, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum often Shillings for every such Offence.

XCVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case and when and so often as any Complaint shall be made to any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case may be, touching any Offence or Offences punishable by or under this Act, to be committed within the Limits aforesaid, by any Person or Persons being the Master or Driver, or Masters or Drivers, of any Hackney Coach or Hackney Coaches, or Chairman or Chairmen of any Hackney Chair or Chairs, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, or either of them, to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, requiring such Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, to attend the said Justice or Justices at such Time and Place as either he or they shall appoint, in order to answer such Complaint; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, upon the Appearance before him of such Person or Persons so complained of, being a Master or Driver, or Masters or Drivers, of any Hackney Coach or Hackney Coaches, or Chairman or Chairmen of any Hackney Chair or Chairs, to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint, and to convict or acquit the same Person or Persons of the Offence or Offences so complained of; and that if any such Person or Persons, being such Master or Driver, or Masters or Drivers, or Chairman or Chairmen of any Hackney Chair or Chairs, and against whom any such Complaint shall be made, shall, after two Days Notice to attend as aforesaid served upon him, her, or them, relufe or neglect to attend the said Justice or Justices at the Time or Place for which the same Person or Persons shall in such Warrant have Notice to attend, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer,) forfeit and pay, (or every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

Names of Streets to be affixed up, and Houses numbered. Penalty on defacing the Numbers, &c. Penalty on Owners not restoring Numbers, footways to be swept once a Day. No Swine to be bred, fed, or kept, near the Houses, or suffered to go about the Streets. Search may be made for the same, and " Sale made thereof. Vestrymen may direct the Streets to be cleansed. Dustmen to ring a Bell. Ashes not to be taken away by any Person but the Contrador for cleansing. Times ot emptying Bog

"Houses." v IP n

CV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vestrymen, and they are hereby required, at any Meeting on or before the first Day of April in every succeeding Year, to make a List in Writing of a sufficient Number of Householders residing within the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-boncy whom they the said Vestrymen shall think tidy qualified for serving the Office of Inspectors of Balances, Weights, and Measures, and such Vestrymen shall direct and order their Clerk to issue Summonfcs, in Writing under his Hand, or in Print, and signed by the said Clerk, requiring such Inhabitants, being Householders, to be and appear before the said Vestrymen at the Time and Place in such Summons to be mentioned; and such Vestrymen shall and may nominate and appoint so many as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Number of twenty, in the said Parish of Saint Mary-h-Bo r?e\ and that the several Persons so nominated and appointed shall be and be called bfpeders of Balances^ H eights^ and Measures, within the said Parish, and shall take an Oath to the Efied following; (wtych Oath the Chairman for the Time being, or any Justice or Justices for the said County, then present, is and are hereby empowered to administer:), ‘

4 Ti S. do swear, That during the Time of my Continuance in the Office whereunto I am now appointed, I will diligently, from Time to Time, insped the Balances, Weights, and Measures, in the several Houses, Shops, Brewhouses, and Warehouses, in this Parish; and that will not present any Person or Thing through Hatred or Malice, nor leave the same unprefemed, through Love, E'avour, Af- section, Reward, or Hope thereof. So help me GOD.*

CVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person who shall be summoned as aforesaid to take upon him the said Office of an inspector of Balances, Weights, and Measures, shall neglect or refuse to appear according to the Direction of such Summons, or appearing shall tq-fuse to take upon him the said Office, (being thereunto appointed,) every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; which said Sum shall be set upon him by the said Vestrymen by Way of Fine for such his Contempt or Refusal to take upon him the said Office, and shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

CVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or he construed to extend, so as to remove or dismiss from his Office any Inspector of Balances, Weights, and Measures appointed by virtue of the said recited Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, but every such Inspector shall continue in such Office, and shall discharge the Duties thereof, and shall have as ample Power and Authority to carry this Act into Execution, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall have and enjoy the same Privileges and Immunities, and shall be liable to the same Pains and Penalties, until another Inspector or other Lifpedors of Balances, Weights, and Measures, shall be nominated and appointed in his or their Stead or nace by virtue of this Act, as if such Inspector or Inspectors had been nominated and appointed in Manner and Form prescribed by this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 7 i-

CVIII. And, in order to enable the said Inspectors effectually to prevent the dealing by or with unlawful Balances, Weights, or Measures, within the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Inspectors shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, and Itri&ly required, once in every Month at lead, at seasonable Times in the Day Time, not being less than four in Number, to enter into all and every Shop. House. Brewhouse. Warehouse, Inn, or Victualling

Houses belonging to any res, and if the said Inspec-

,__________,__________, Kilderkin, or Firkin, bs-

belonging to any Brewer or Brewers, which shall not contain and hold such Number of Gallons as the same

hilft the same shall be un-nry the Eighth, intituled,

jr Cask or Vessel import-

*ng to be a Moiety of any other certain Part of such Barrel, Kilderkin, or Firkin, which shall not contain and hold as many Gallons, Quarts, or Pints, as the same shall import to contain and hold, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Inspectors, and they are hereby directed and required to break and destroy the same, and to amerce the Owner or Owners thereof, or such Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found, the Sum of ten Shillings for the first Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings for the second Offence, and the Sum of forty Shillin

may be lawful to and for the said V eftrymen, and they are hereby required, within one Calendar Month next after such Person or Persons is, are, or shall be convicted of such second and every subsequent Offence, to causehis, her, or their Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, and Addition or Additions, together with the Nature of his, her, or their Offence, to be inserted in any Newspaper printed and circulated in the County of Middlesex, and the Proprietor or Proprietors, Printer and Printers, or any other Person or Persons concerned therein, are hereby authorized and required to print the same within three Days next after he, she, or they, is or are required lb to do by or by Order of the said Vestrymen, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Prosecutions for inserting or causing the same to be inserted in such Newspaper by and from any Person or Persons whomsoever j any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall be nominated and appointed, and shall serve the said Office of an Inspector within the said Parish, shall be again

summoned or appointed to serve the said Office in less than seven Years after the End of such former Service.

CX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person within the said Parish shall be liable to or compelled to serve the said Office of an Inspector who is of the Age of fixly Years or upwards; any I hing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept at the Court House in the said Parish, a common Balance, and common Weights and Measures, sealed according to the Standard of the Exchequer, not to be removed from the said Court House, and a Duplicate or Duplicates thereof, to be used by the said Inspectors, in the Execution of their Duty, which said Balances,

Weights, and Measures, shall be paid for out of any of the Monies in the Hands of the said Treasurer or Treasurers to the said V eftrymen for the Time being.

CXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vestrymen, at any Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to appoint one or more Person or Persons to attend at the said Court House to mark all Balances, Weights*, and Measures, according to the Directions of this Act, of what Nature or Kind soever, in Manner herein after directed.

CXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That such Vestrymen shall and may, and tncy are hereby authorized and empowered to remove such Person or Persons so to be appointed as afore -find, when and as often as they shall judge necessary; or if such Officer or Officers shall die, or remove from the said Parish, such Vestrymen shall and may appoint any other Person or Persons in his or their Room or

Stead, so being removed or dying as aforesaid. { v

CXIV. And be it further enacted, I hat the said Officer or Officers shall attend at the said Court House

in the said Parish every Monday, or oltener if needful, in each and every Week, to size, leal, mark, or

stamp, all Balances, Weights, and Measures, that may be brought by any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the fold Parish, according to the Directions of this AdE

CXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, I hat every Balance, Weight, or Measure, sealed, marked,

or stamped, according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be and be deemed to be as lawful as it they or any of them had been icaled, marked, or stamped, according to the Directions of this Act.

CXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid E and are hereby required, upon Application to him or them made, to size and seal, and also mark or a‘l Balances, Weights, and Measures, which shall be brought to him for that Purpose, and which lhaj. be agreeable to the Standard of the Exchequer aforesaid; and the said Officer or Officers (bah demand and receive, for each Balance, Weight, and Measure, so by him or them sealed and

marked as aforesaid, lur his or their Pains and I rouble therein, the Fees following, and no more; (that is to say,) J ‘

For every Bushel, the Sum of four Pence: For every Half Bushel, the sum of two Pei

35 Geo. III.

T

For

137

Inspectors to inspect into Weights, &c.

Penalty on Persons tiling short Weights, &c.

Names, &c. of Persons guilty of subsequent Offence to be inserted in the Newspaper*.

Inspectorsnot to serve twice in seven Yeari.

Persons above sixty not to serve.

Standards of Weights, &c. to be kept at the Court House, &c.

Vestrymen may appoint Person*: to mark Weights, tec. 1

and remove them, and appoint others.

Weights to be stamped.

Pa lances, &c. already (tamp# cd, good.

Officers to mark Weights, &c.

Fees for the same.

138

Tnfpeftors may weigh Bread.

Penalty on obstructing Inspectors.

Application of fclonry.

Inspectors may

fee fined.

c. 73-

For

For

For

For

For

For

For every

every

every

every

every

every

every

Anno triedimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Peck, Half Peck, and Quarter Peck, the Sum of one Penny:

Sack, the Sum of two Pence:

Ale, Beer, and Milk Measure, the Sum of one Farthing:

Hundred Weight, the Sum of four Pence:

Half Hundred Weight, the Sum of two Pence:

Weight from Half a Hundred to one Pound, the Sum of one Halfpenny:

Weight under one Pound, and every Balance, the Sum of one Farthing:

And all Balances, Weights, and Measures, belonging to Persons dealing by Weight or Measure, within the said Parish of Saint Mary-le- Bone, not marked or stamped in Manner before directed, shall be deemed unlawful; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Inspectors, or any four or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required to destroy all such unlawful Balances, Weights, and Measures, and to amerce the Owner or Owners thereof, or the Person in whole Custody or Possession the same shall be found, in such Sum or Sums of Money as they in their Discretion shall think proper, not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, for every Offence.

CXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, foas to deem unlawful any Barrel, Kilderkin, Firkin, Cask, or other Veil'd, belonging to any Brewer or Brewers, not marked or stamped as all other Measures are by this Act required and directed to be marked or stamped, but the same shall be and be deemed to be as lawful as if the lame had been so marked or stamped.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Inspectors, at seasonable Times in the Day Time, to enter into any House, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, or Out-house, or other Place, of or belonging to any Baker or Seller of Bread, within the said Parish, and to search* view, weigh, examine, and try, all or any Bread which shall be there found, and also tp view, w^igh, and try, all Bread made for Sale, which at any Time shall be offered or exposed to or for Sale, or found in any one’s Custody for Sale, in anywise howsoever, within the said Parish; and if any Loaf or Loaves of Bread of any Denomination shall, on any Search, View, Weighing, T rial, or Examination thereof by such Inspectors, be found to be deficient in the due Weight the same ought to be, or not to be marked according to the Rules, Clauses, Directions, Provisions, and Intent of any Act or Acts of Parliament that now is or are* or shall hereafter be made and in force, M for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Affiza M thereof," or to be deficient in the due baking or working thereof, or to be wanting in the Goodness of the Stuff whereof or wherewith any such Loaf shall have been made, or to have been made with any Mixture of Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain than of the Grain the same shall import to be made with, or to be made with any larger or other Proportion of any other or different Sort or Sorts of Grain, or the Meal or Flour thereof, than what ought to be put therein, or to be made with any Mixture or Ingredient contrary to* or not allowed by the Rules, Clauses, Directions, Provisions, and Intent of such Act or Acts, or to be made with any Thing as for and in lieu of Flour, which shall not really be the genuine Flour the same shall import to be, or ought to be, or that any such Bread shall be made with any Leaven not allowed by such Act or Acts; then, and in every or any of the said cases, such Inspectors are hereby empowered and required, by the Authority of this Act, to seize every such Loaf, and to carry and convey, or cause to be carried and conveyed, the same before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex; and every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to proceed to make Enquiries touching the Matters complained of, and shall acquit or convict the Party or Parties accused, according to the Directions of such Act or Acts, and shall, upon Conviction, adjudge and order to be levied upon such Offender or Offenders, for every such Offence, such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by such Ways and Means, and the same to be applied in such Manner, as the same are or shall be, by such Act or Acts, directed to be levied and applied.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, resist, or in anywise oppose such Inspectors in the Execution of any of the Powers granted to them by this Act, he, she, or they, who shall so offend, shall for every such Offence, on being thereofduly convicted on Oath before any one or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, as the Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender shall be convicted shall from Time to Time adjudge.

CXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers so to be appointed by the said Vestrymen, after all necessary Charges and Expences attending the fizing, sealing, marking, and stamping such Balances, Weights, and Measures as aforesaid shall have first been deducted, shall, and he or they is and are hereby required and directed half-yearly, within one Calendar Month next after the Expiration or every Half Year, to payor cause to be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Vestrymen, one Moiety of the clear Money arising from or on Account of such fizing, sealing, marking, or stamping as aforesaid, to be applied to and for the Purpose of carrying this Adfc into Execution.

CXXI. And, to the Intent that the good Purposes intended by this Act may not be defeated, be it further enacted, That if any Inspector shall in any Manner neglect or refuse to execute the Duty of his Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vestrymen, upon Complaint to them made of any such Negledi or Refusal, to fine such Inspector, for every such Offence or Neglect, the Sum of forty Shillings.

M Time and Place of the first and subsequent Meetings of Vestrymen; who are annually to appoint Directs tors and Guardians. Churchwardens to be Directors and Guardians. Directors and Guardians to dU

« vide

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 73, 74.

vide themselves into six Committees 5 and establish Rule for Attendance. No Orders of Committees " valid unless five Directors or Guardians are present. Guardians, &c. appointed by the former Acts to M have the same Powers. Meetings of the Directors and Guardians appointed by the former Acts, regulated. All the Directors and Guardians may attend Weekly Committees. Clerk to summon Weekly Committees. Directors and Guardians, before they act, to take an Oath. Times of holding Quarterly Meetings. No Business valid unless nine Directors, tjc. be present at a Quarterly Meeting, in case of Non-attendance, Clerk may adjourn the Meeting. How Vacancies by Death, are to be filled up.

Three Directors and Guardians may call a General Meeting. Chairman to be appointed. Directors may administer an Oath; and may appoint Officers, and a Clergyman to instruct the Poor, &c. Conveyances good. Workhouse may be repaired. Old Contracts to be valid. Contracts may be entered into for Work to be performed. Fourteen Days Notice to be given of Directors Meetings for making Contracts. No Contract valid till confirmed at a subsequent Meeting. All Contracts for Building, to be confirmed by Vestry. Form of Indorsement. No Director to hold any Office, or enter into Contract. All Contracts to be entered in Books. Orders to be entered in Books, and good Evidence. Furniture, Apparel, provided for the Poor vested in Directors. Donations and other Monies to be paid to the Treasurer. Names of Benefactors to be put up in the Church, &c. Directors may fell or let the old Infirmary Hpufe or Lands; and may make Bye Laws. No Bye Laws to be valid till confirmed at next General Meeting. Overseers of the Poor, Constables, &c, to aid, assist, and obey Directors. 5l. Penalty for Refusal or Neglect of Duty. Overseers, &c. aggrieved, may appeal to the Sessions. Persons taking Apparel, htc. of the Poor into Pawn, to forfeit 5l. Overseers may take up wandering Poor not belonging to the Parish. Directors, fcsV. empowered to apprehend Vagrants, and all disorderly Persons neglecting to maintain their Families, and to employ such Persons in ufetul Labour. Further Powers respecting disorderly Persons. How long Children may be kept in the Workhouse. Children may be sent to Service; or may be bound to be Apprentices. No Apprentice to be turned over without Consent of Directors. How Persons guilty of embezzling any Goods may be punished. Penalty on Officers purloining Money, Materials, &c. Directors may provide a convenient Stock of Materials for employing the Poor. How the Profit of their Labour is to be applied. Punishment for cursing, swearing, disobeying of Orders, &c. Encouragement may be given to industrious and skilful Poor. Directors and 41 Guardians to appoint an Officer to relieve casual Poor. Officer to account for Money expended, &c. at 14 Weekly Meetings. Notice to be given of the Appointment of such Officer to Churchwardens, &c. with Orders to them not to relieve casual Poor. Money expended after such Orders not to be repaid. Directors, may grant Certificates to Persons willing to remove. How Justices are to proceed on Complaint of Directors and Guardians. Justices may act, notwithstanding their being Directors. Forfeitures and Penalties to be paid to the Treasurer. Directors, to bear their own Expences. Time of making Rates. Old Rates to be deemed good, Rates to be assessed. Poor Rate. Highway Rate. Watch Rate. Paving Rate. Repairing and Cleansing Rate. Inhabitants not living in Streets, not to pay to the Paving, Lighting, or Watch. How Houses in Cavendish Square to be rated. What shall be deemed a House in the Square. Rates for Watering Streets. Inhabitants to consent to watering Streets, &c. Rates to be allowed by two Justices. Rate to be collected before Quarter Day. Under- tenants, liable to the Rates. For reimbursing the Tenant. No Tenant to gain a Settlement. Rates of Houses let to Ambassadors to be paid by the Landlords. Persons quitting Houses or Premises before Payment of the Rates, and Persons entering in such Houses or Premises, to be subject to the Payment thereof for the Times of their occupying the same. How empty Houses, tftc. are to be rated. Public Buildings and dead Walls to be rated. By whom said Rates to be paid. Unfinished Houses, CsV. 44 to pay to the Rates. How and by whom payable. Rates to be paid, where Goods are taken in Execution. On Refusal to pay Rate, how to be recovered. Collectors not to keep above 100l. in their Hands.

Application of Monies. Money may be borrowed on the Credit of Rates. Monies to be applied to the Purposes for which borrowed. Clause to pay off the Principal Sum borrowed on the Credit of the five hundred Pounds, paid by the Trustees of the Turnpikes. Money may be borrowed on the Poor Rate, not exceeding 15,000l. Vestrymen to borrow Money for large Repair under paving Act. Securities to be entered in Books. Money borrowed by the Directors and Guardians of the Poor. Old Securities, and Bonds, fcfr. good. Creditors to be paid by Ballot. Notice to be given to the Persons whose Bonds are to be paid off. Principal not demanded, Interest to cease. A certain Proportion of the Rates to be applied in Discharge of the Money borrowed. Surplus of Paving Rate to be applied in Discharge of the Money borrowed. Power to borrow Money at lower Interest to discharge Securities at a higher. Forn* 44 of Security. Security may be transferred. Transfer, Clerk’s Fee. Entries of Proceedings under

former Acts good Evidence. Inhabitants deemed competent Witnesses. Fines and Penalties, how to

be levied and recovered. Form of Conviction. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form; 44 nor Party be deemed a Trespasser ab initio, for subsequent Irregularity. Plaintiff not to recover if Ten- der of A mends hath been made. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter or General Sessions. *4 Notice of Appeal to be given. Proceedings not to be quaftied for Want of Form; nor removeable by Certiorari. Limitation of Actions. General Issue. Treble Costs. How the Expences of this Act shall be paid. Public Act." ,

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for keeping in Repair the Footways in the High Street of the Town of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting and watching the said street, and also certain courts and alleys communicating therewith, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

C. 75 - 80. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein.

[19th May 1795.]

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues within the Royalty thereof; for the better (applying the Inhabitants with fresh Water, and for the removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Royalty.

[19th May 1795.]

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining or near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Har- bour of King's Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze.

[19th May 1795.]

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at Bewdicy, in the County of Worcester, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto.

[19th May 1795.]

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for building a Bridge aver the River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues thereto, for widening some Part of the High Street and the Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town, so far as the same relates to widening some Part of the High Street and Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town.

[19th May 1795.]

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to make further Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in* or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom.

[22d May 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for rendering Vy effectual his Majesty's Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty first Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, respecting the Adniifjton of the Effects mentioned in the said Orders into the Ports of this Country to be warehoused; and for indemnifying all Persons who have aft' in consequence of such Orders; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import or bring into any of the Ports of this Kingdom any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize and Effects whatsoever, belonging to any of the Subjects of the United Provinces, or to any Persons who, before the nineteenth Day of January last, were Inhabitants of the United Provinces, or belonging to any Subject of his Majesty, or to any Subject of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, coming from any Part of thz United Provinces, and also any like Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, from any Part of Europe, Asia, Africa, or America, m Amity with his Majesty, in Vessels belonging to any Subject of the United Provinces, or to any Persons who, before the ninteenth Day of January last, were Inhabitants of the said United Provinces, or to any Subject of his Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, and bound to any Port of the United Provinces; and that the same shall and may be landed in the Presence of the proper Officers of the Customs, and secured in Warehouses under the joint Locks of his Majesty and of the Proprietors thereof, at the Rilk and Expence of the said Proprietors, such Ware- houses to be approved by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, or by the principal Of- ficers of the Port where such Goods shall be imported; and the said Commissioners respectively are there- by authorized and required to make such Regulations, and to give such Directions as they might deem

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80.

necessary for securing the said Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, for the Benefit of the Proprie- tors thereof, and for the Security of the Revenue, until further Provisions should be made by Parliament re- spe<£ling the same: And whereas Ships and Vessels have come or may hereafter come into the Ports of this Kingdom, to take the Jrenefit of the said recited Act, or of the said Orders in Council, with Goods,

Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, which are now or may hereafter be secured in Warehouses as before mentioned; and it is expedient that Provision should be made to enable the Proprietors of such Ships or Vessels, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, to fell, re export, or otherwise dispose of the Erne:’

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for every such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Proprietors of Importers, or their respective Agent or Agents, to enter all such Ships and Vessels, and also to enter all such Ships or Gooda Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, so imported and warehoused, and to take the same out of such bought into the Warehouse in order either to re-export the same, or to fell or make use thereof, upon Payment of the fe- conn^ f

veral and respective Duties, and subject to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, herein- recited Act, &c-

after mentioned. may enter them, and dispose of the Goods:

- Act «

II. And be it further enacted, That upon all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, imported or Duties to be

brought into this Kingdom, to take the Benefit of the said recited Act, or of the said Orders in Council, GoodUforHoine there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Mo- consumption. ney, without any Discount or Abatement whatever, upon taking the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption, the several Duties herein after mentioned, and that the same shall be in lieu of any Duties now payable by Law thereupon; that is to say. For all Naval and Military Stores^ Timber, and Iron, so imported or brought into this Kingdom, there shall be paid respectively the lowest Custom Duty that is now by Law payable on Naval and Military Stores, Timber and Iron respectively, when imported from the Northern Countries of Europe; for all Tobacco unmanufactured there shall be paid the same Duties of Customs and Excite as are payable for Tobacco duly and regularly imported from the British Plantations, or from the United States of America f provided that if the Tobacco shall not be of the Growth of the British Plantations, or of the United States of America, the same shall, if taken out of the Warehouse for Home Consumption, be chargeable and charged with the same Duties as such. Tobacco would be liable to on Importation from other Countries, agreeable to an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repeating the Duties on Tobacco and Snuffy and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof: And, in order to prevent Frauds in the Exportation of Tobacco so warehoused, no Tobac- Tobacco warr-co shall be shipped for Exportation except in Packages containing four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight

Nett in each Package. cept in Packages of 4501b*

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vessel, laden wholly or Ships arriving in Part with Tobacco, shall have arrived or shall arive at any Port of this Kingdom, not being, according to Law, a Port enumerated for the Importation of Tobacco, such Ship or \ ellei shall proceed to one of the enumerated for enumerated Ports where such obacco may be legally imported and warehou. importation, to proceed to one.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all manufactured Tobacco, except Snuff, shall pay a further Custom Duty of six Pence per Pound.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Snuff, if taken out of the Warehouse for Home Consumption, shall be chargeable and charged with the same Duties of Customs and Excile as on a legal Importation; but that no Duty shall be required on Snuff, if the same be exported from the Warehouse within the Space of six Months from the Time the same shall be lodged therein.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Materials for Manufactures, so imported or brought into this Kingdom, there shall be paid the lowest Duties that are now by Law payable on the Importation of such Materials for Manufactures respectively in Britiff)-built Ships.

VII. And be it further enacted, That for all Sugar, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts, so imported or brought, there shall be paid the like Duties as on Foreign Sugar, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That for all Wines and Spirits so imported or brought into this Kingdom, there shall be paid respectively the like Duties of Customs and Excise to which the same may be liable

by Law on a legal Importation.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so imported or brought

into this Kingdom, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufadhire of India or China> or other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, there shall be paid the like respective Duties that are now payable for Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the like Sorts imported into this Kingdom by the said United Company; and that on the Exportation thereof respectively the same Duties shall be paid, and the same Drawbacks of Duties and Allowances shall be made, as the like Sorts of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, are subject or would be entitled to respectively on the Exportation thereof, if the same had been imported by the said United Company;

any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Goods and Merchandizes

imported or brought into this Kingdom, to take the Benefit of the said recited Act or Orders in Council,

on Delivery out of any Warehouse under the Authority of this present Act, either for Consumption in

r this

Duty on manufactured Tobacco,

on Snuff,

on Materials for Manufacturer,

f1*?

on Sugar, Coffee, and Cocoa

Nuts,

and on Wines and Spirits.

For Goods, &c. of the Limits of the Trade of the £art india Com-pany, the like Duties as paid by the Company, and the like Drawbacks to be allowed.

Goods delivered out of Warehouses to be entered, and lubUt

14-2

to the Laws of

Custorro and Excifr.

Article! of private Persons not liable to Duty, on certain Con-

9 a

C. So.

tricesimo quinto G

Prohibited Ooodsj except specified Articles of private Persons, not to be delivered out of Wiurehouses but for Exportation, dec.

this Kingdom or for Exportation, be first duly entered, and the same shall in all other Respects be subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as far as the same are applicable and can be put in Execution, to which such Goods and Merchandize respectively, on a legal Importation or Exportation, would be subject and liable, under any Laws or Law now in force relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, the same as if all the Clauses, Powers, Directions, and Authorities, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Duty whatever shall be chargeable or charged on the following Articles, belonging to private Persons, so imported or brought into this Kingdom; (that is to say,) Wearing Apparel, Jewels, Watches, and Trinkets, Plate, Pictures, Prints, and Drawings, framed or unframed, China, or Earthen Ware, Glass, framed or unframed, Books, Household Furniture, useful or ornamental, or Household Linen; any Law, Custom, or EJfage, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain called England, or any four or more of them, and of the Commissioners of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them, that such Wearing Apparel, Tewels, Watches, and Trinkets, Plate, Pictures, Prints, and Drawings, framed or unframed, China, or

'.arthen Ware, Glass, framed or unframed, Books, or Household Furniture, useful or ornamental, and Household Linen, have been imported for private Ule, and not to be sold by Way of Merchandize, and that the Owners thereof reside or intend to reside in this Kingdom, and that such Household Linen is not new.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or

Effects, which by Law are prohibited to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, other than the Articles herein specified belonging to private Persons, shall be delivered out of any Warehouse in pursuance of this Act, but for Exportation only, nor for Exportation, until Security is given in such Manner, and in such Penalty, for the due Exportation thereof as is now by Law required on the Exportation of such Sorts of Goods from this Kingdom.

Enumerated Warehoused Goods, except from East India Warehouses, may be exported Duty free, as ah'o Articles not herein enumerated, and may be delivered for

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to export, from any Warehouse in which the same shall or may be so lodged, any of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, herein enumerated, except such as are hereby directed to be lodged in the Warehouses of the East India Company, without Payment of any Duty whatever; and that all Articles not herein enumerated, which may legally be imported into this Kingdom, or which may not be absolutely but circum-stantially prohibited, may in like Manner be delivered by virtue of this Act for Exportation, without Payment of any Duty, or for Use or Consumption in this Kingdom, for Payment of such Duties as are respectively due for the same on a legal Importation into this Kingdom, in British)-built Ships.

Home Consumption on Payment of Duty. ~ I:

No Spirits to be exj orted in Casks containing less than aoo Gal ons, or in Ships under aoo Tons, &c.

On Exportation of Good a, Drawbacks to be allowed.

Goods warehoused may be fold free of Auction Duty, on Account of the original Owner.

Duties to be applied as these on the like Sorts of Goods are applicable.

Vessels owned by Inhabitants of the United Provinces before Jan. 19, 1795, who shall come to reside

XIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no Spirits shall be so exported from any such Warehouse, in any Cask or Vessel which shall contain less than one hundred Gallons, or on board any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than one hundred Tons, nor unless all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, by Law in force for the Exportation of Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations, from the Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged or deposited under and by virtue of the Laws now in force, shall have been fully complied with, in respect of the Exportation of Spirits under or by virtue of this Act; and all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, together with all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for any Breach thereof respectively, shall be used, applied, and put in Execution, on such Exportation of Spirits, under or by virtue of this Act. jpjj

XV. And be it further enacted, That upon the due Exportation of any of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, before mentioned, which shall have paid any of the respective Duties herein imposed, there shall be allowed and paid the respective Drawbacks to which such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, would be entitled if duly exported, after a regular Importation, and under the like Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods and Effects so ware-housed shall and may be sold by Auction, free of the Duty imposed by Law on Goods and Effects sold by Auction; provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to authorize the Sale of any such Goods or Effects free of the said Duty, unless on the first Sale of such Goods or Effects, by or for the Account of the original Owner, by whom the same were so lodged in such Warehouse, and unless such Sale shall be made within twelve Months next after the Time when such Goods or Effects shall have been so lodged in such Wdfehouse.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from Duties imposed by this Act shall be appropriated and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as the Duties now payable by Law on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the like Sorts are directed by Law to be appropriated and applied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Ship or Vessel, which shall have brought or shall bring into this Kingdom, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be warehoused, to take the Benefit of the said Act, or the said Orders in Council, being a Subject or Subjects of the said United Provinces, or having been an Inhabitant or Inhabitants thereof before the nineteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall come into this Kingdom with Intent to

reside herein, and shall go before some Justice of the Peace, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or the principal

795

tricesimo quinto

Magistrate of some City or Town of this Kingdom, or before the principal Officer of his Majesty *$ Customs In some Port of this Kingdom, and shall take the Oath of Allegiance to his Majesty, and shall obtain a Certificate of his having taken such Oath, which Oath and Certificate such Justice of the Peace, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, Magistrate and Officer respectively, are hereby authorized^and required to administer and give, on Payment of no greater Fee than two Shillings; or if any such Ship or Vessel shall be purchased and owned by any British Subject or Subjects, either wholly or jointly with any of the Persons hereinbefore described, who shall have qualified themselves in Manner herein-before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order such Ship or Vessel so owned to be registered, and to have a Certificate of Foreign Ships Registry for the European Trade only; and every such Ship or Vessel may, during the Time that the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall continue to have his or their Residence in his Majesty's European Dominions, be legally used and employed in the Foreign European Trade of this Kingdom, and in no other, and such Conditions shall be expressed in the Certificate of Registry of every such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, that the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall prove in the Manner directed in an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, by taking the Oath hereunto annexed, instead of the Oath required by the said Act, that he or they is or are the sole Owner or Owners, or that he or they, and some other Person or Persons qualified in Manner hereinbefore-directed, or some British Subject or Subjects of this Kingdom, are the sole Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and shall also conform to all the other Regulations respecting Registry contained in the saki Lft-mentioned Act; provided always, that for all such Ships and Vessels, with their Tackle, Ap-

Earel, Sails, and Furniture, there shall be paid, for each and every one hundred Pounds of their Value, the uoi of five Pounds and ten Shillings. I

in the JCingdoip,

or purchased of them by Biitiii Subjects, may be registered for the European Trade on certain Condition!j Sec.

5l. 10 a. per Cent, of the VJU lueof such VeflVls to be paid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Oath before directed to be taken by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such Ship or Vessel, shall be in the Form and Manner following, as far as the same is applicable to each or either of them:,]

Oath to be taken by Owners to be in the following Form*

I A.B. of (Place of Residence and Occupation) do make Oath that the Ship or Vessel (Name) of (Port or Placij whereof (Master’s Name) is at present Master, being (Kindof Builty Burthen, etcetera, as described in the Certificate of the Surveying Officer) was (when and where built, and when and where it came into this Kingdom); and that I the said A.B. (and the other Owners Names, and Occupations, if any, and where they respectively reside, videlicet, Towny Placey Parifo and County, or if Member of and resident in any Factory in Foreign Parts% or in any Foreign Town or City, being an Agent for or Partner in any House 4 »r Copartner/bipy actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the Name of such Factory, Foreign Town, or City% and the Names of such House or Copartnership) am (or are) sole Owner or Owners) of the said Vessel, and that no other Person or Persons whatever, hath or have any Right, Title, Interest, Share,.

or Property, therein or thereto; and (if a British Subject) that I the said A B. (and the said other Owners, if any) am (or are) truly and bona fide a Subject (or oubjedts) of Great Britain, and that I the said A\ B.

have not (nor have any of the other Owners, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief) taken the Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign State whatever (except under the Terms of some Capitulation, describing the Particulars thereof) \ or that, since my taking (or his or their taking) the Oath of Allegiance to (naming the Foreign States respectively to which he or any of the said Owners shall lave taken the same)y and prior to the passing of an Act, in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, I have (or9 he or they hath or have)

become a Subject or Subjects) of Great Britain, (either by his Majesty's Litters Patent as a Denizen Denizens, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, as the Case may bey naming the Dates of the Letters of

Denization, or the Act or Acts of Parliament for Naturalization respectively) \ or (as the Case may be) I have (or, he or they hath or have) become a Denizen or Denizens, or naturalized Subject or Subjects, as the Case may be) of Great Britain, by his Majesty's Letters Patent, or by an Act of Parliament, passed since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, (naming the Times when such Letters of Denization have been granted respectively, or the Tear or Tears in which such Act or Acts of Naturalization have faffed respectively,) or ( if not a British Subject) that I A.B. (and the other Owner, if any,) being a Subject or Subjects of the United Provinces, (or, having been an Inhabitant or Inhabitants thereof before the nineteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,) and now refi- dent in this Kingdom, (describing the Particulars thereof,\ as to Place and Dotty) have (ory he or they hath or have) taken the Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance to his Majesty the King of Great Britain, (defenbing the Time when, the Place wherey and before whom takenf) and that no Foreigner, not having complied with the Conditions above-mentioned, directly or iudiredlly, hath any Share, or Part, or Interest, in the said Ship or Vessel.

XX. And whereas Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects belonging to any of the Subjects of the United Provinces, or to any Persons who, before the nineteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, were Inhabitants of the United Provinces, or belonging to any Subject or Sub- jedts of his Majesty, may have been imported for Security, and permitted to be warehoused in this Kingdom previous to the said Order in Council, or may have been carried for Security to Hamburgh, or to some other Port of Germany, or of the Baltic or East Country; and the Owner or Owners, or Pro-

prietor or Proprietors thereof, may be defuous to take the lame out of such Warehouse in this Kingdom,

144*

Within six Months after passing this Act, Goods may be taken out of Warehouses, or imported from Hamburgh, ice.

His Majesty in Council may appoint Commissioners to take the Care of Ships and Cargoes which may be detained or brought into the Kingdom.

Claims not'to be prosecuted, except as herein provided.

For settling Claims of Ships and Goods, tcc. before the Commissioners.

For settling Claims made in the High Court of Admiralty.

Commissioners not to fell Ships, &c. claimed as the Property of British Subjects, &c. til Claims

be decided.

and to

C. 80. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

or to bring the same, or Parts thereof, into this Kingdom be it enacted, That, within the Space of six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for every Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, who have or shall come to reside in this Kingdom, and shall take the Oath of Allegiance in Manner herein-before mentioned, to take the same out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, if the same shall have been warehoused, or to import the same from Hamburgh, or from any other Port of Germany, or of the Baltic or East Country respectively, in Vessels belonging to any Subied of the United Provinces, or to any Persons who, before the nineteenth Day of January last, were Inhabitants of the said United Provinces, or to any Subject ~r Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, from whence the same shall be brought, lodge the same in Warehouses, as directed by the said Act, and to take the same out of such Warehouses for Home Consumption, or for Exportation, upon Payment of the several and respective Duties, and subject in either Case to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, herein-mentioned: Provided always, that it shall be proved by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Commissioners of the Customs, or any three or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland respectively, and the said Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Effects so imported from Hamburgh, or from any other Port of Germany, or of the Baltic or East Country, were actually so carried from the said United Provinces to some of those Places, and are the Property of the Persons herein qualified and authorized to import the same.

XXI. And whereas several Ships and Vessels belonging to the Subjects or Inhabitants of the United Provinces, and also other Ships and Vessels, having on board Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, belonging to such Subjects, have been or may be hereafter detained in, or brought into the Ports of this

y perish or be greatly injured, if

it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, from Time to Time to grant a Commission or Commissions, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to three or more Persons, authorizing them to take such Ships and Cargoes into their Possession, and under their Care, and to manage, fell, or otherwise dispose of the same to the bed Advantage, according to such Instructions as they shall from Time to Time receive from his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council; subject nevertheless, in respect of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize hereby directed to be brought into the Warehouses of the East India Company, to the special Provisions in this Act contained.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to prosecute any Claim, or

maintain any Suit or Action respecting any such Ship or Cargo, except in the Manner herein specially provided.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Claim shall be made before the said Commissioners of any such Ship or Vessel, or of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, or of any Part or Parts thereof, as the Property of the Subjects of his Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, and not of the People of the said United Provipces, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall be satisfied of the Justice of the said Claim, with the Licence of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, to order such Ships or Vessels, or such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be forthwith released, upon such Terms and Conditions as shall appear to them to be equitable, and which shall be agreed upon between them and the respective Parties, or to remit such Claim to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, who shall decree Restitution to such Claimant as shall appear to be entitled thereto, and shall decide all Questions of Freight. Average, and other Charges to which the Property claimed shall be legally subject or entitled; and the said Judge shall direct Payment of all such Freight, Average, and other Charges, to be made to the Registrar of the said Court of Admiralty, which Registrar shall receive the same, and within twenty Days after his Receipt thereof pay it over to the said Commissioners, or to any Agent appointed by them for that Purpose, without any Fee, Poundage, Charge* or Deduction whatever; and in Cases where the Property of the People of the said United States shall appear to be subject to Charges of the like Nature, due and owing to the Subjects of his Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, whose Property has been restored, with such legal Charges attendant thereon, by the Decree of the Court of Admiralty, the said Commissioners shall, on receiving from the Registrar of the said Court a Copy of the said Decree, with the Amount of the said Charges, forthwith pay* or cau e to be paid, the said Amount to the Parties entitled thereto.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Claim of any such Ship or Vessel, or of any such Goods,

Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, or of any Part or Parts thereof, as the Property of the Subjects off his Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, and not of the People of the said United1 Provinces, shall be made in the said High Court of Admiralty, the said Claim not having been made before the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to the said judge, and lie is hereby directed also to proceed-on the said Claims, and direct Restitution and Payments of Freight, Averages, and other Charges to be made, in like Manner as if the said Claim had in pursuance of this Act been remitted to him by the said Commissioners. v, /.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Ship, Vessel, or any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be claimed as the Property of the Subjects of his Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, as herein-before mentioned, the said Commissioners

,_______T _ f in such Ships, Vessels, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, or such

’art or Parts thereof, until such Claim shall be decided, unless they shall receive Directions from the said* Court of Admiralty to proceed therein.

C. 8 o

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Ships or Vessels, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, shall be fold under the Authority aforesaid, they shall be respectively liable to the Duties, and entitled to the Drawbacks, and subject to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, before mentioned; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to cause the Duties, and the Expences of the Sale, in the first Place, to be paid out of the Proceeds of such Sale; and after such Payment shall (except in Cases where it is otherwise provided by this Act) cause the Proceeds of such Sale to be paid into the Bank of England, there to remain, subject to such Orders as his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, may from Time to Time think fit to give thereupon; or in case such Proceeds shall arise from a Sale made under the Directions of the High Court of Admiralty, as herein-before provided, then subject to such Orders as the said Court shall make concerning the same, or such Part thereof, for which a Cl Aim shall have been made and adjudged by the said Court.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Pro-

dud, or Manufacture of India or China, or other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, so imported or brought into this Kingdom, or detained in the Ports thereof as aforesaid, shall be brought into the Port of London, and lodged and secured in the Warehouses of the said United Company, under the Order of the Directors of the said United Company; and the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so lodged and secured, being duly entered, shall from Time to Time, upon Requisition made for that Purpose by the Proprietors or Owners thereof, or by the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act, respectively be exposed to Sale, and sold at the public Sales of the said Company, by Order of the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being, either for Home Consumption, or for Exportation to some of his Majesty's European Dominions, or for the Purpose of exporting the same to ?my Country not being a Part of his Majesty's European Dominions, as shall be excelled and specified in any such Requisition respectively, under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, as the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the like Sorts, imported by the said United Company, may by Law be fold, and to such other Rules and Regulations, and to such Agreements, as may b6 made by the Proprietors or Owners thereof, or by the said Commissioners respectively, and the said Court of Directors.

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to

preclude the said United Company from becoming the Purchasers of any of the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or to hinder the said Owners or Proprietors, or the said Commissioners, to be appointed by the Authority of this Act respectively, from contracting with the said United Company for the Sale to them of any of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; but it shall and may be lawful for the said United Company to purchase the same of and from the said Owners and Proprietors, or the said Commissioners reflectively, and for the said Owners and Proprietors, and Commissioners, to sell the same to the said United Company; any Thing herein, or in any other Act or Acts^ contained to the contrary notwithstandine.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That on all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so imported or

brought into this Kingdom, or detained in the Ports thereof, and sold at the public Sales of the said United Company, the said Company shall be entitled to receive, and shall be paid, out of the Proceeds of the Sales thereof, for and in respect of the Landing, Cartage, Warehousing, Charges of Sale, and other Charges thereon, an Allowance, not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds per Centum on the Gross Sale Amount thereof severally and respectively. '

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall make any Requisition for the Sale of any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, deposited in the Warehouses of the said United Company as aforesaid, for Consumption within any of his Majesty's European Dominions, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to contract with the said Directors for a further Allowance out of the Proceeds of the Sales thereof, by Way of Compensation in respect thereof; and if the said Commissioners, or if any of the said Owners or Proprietors, making any the like Requisition for the Sale of any of the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize for Consumption as aforesaid, shall decline to agree with the said Directors for the making of such further Allowance as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors to forbear to fell the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in any such Requisition expressed or specified, unless for Exportation to some Place or Places not being within any of his Majesty's Eur opean Dominions; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing contained in this Act shall be construed to compel the Court of Directors of the said United Company to expose to Sale for Home Consumption any Tea which, according to the Practice that hath of late Times obtained in the Sales of the Company’s own Tea, would not have been deemed fit and proper to be sold by them for Home Consumption; but that in respect to all such l ea as on an Examination thereof shall appear to the said Directors, citneron Account of any Damage it may have received, or by reason of its Condition or Quality, to be unfit far Sale for Home Consumption, or as on the Shew or public Exhibition thereof shall or rnav be objected to by Brokers or Dealers in l ea, as being unfit for Sale for Home Consumption, the said Directors iha1.!, and they are hereby required to forbear to expose any of such Tea to Sale for Home Consumption, or for any other Purpose than for Exportation only to some Country or Place not being within his Majesty's Europe an Dominions; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That from Time to Time, when and a* often as the Proceeds of each respective Sale shall have been paid into the Treasury of the said United Company, the said Directors shall cau(c a perfect Account of the Particulars of such Sale to be delivered to the said Owners and Proprietors, or to the said Commissioners. respectively; which said Owners and Proprietors, or Commissioners,

*45

Vessels and Goods fold, liable to Duty, and entitled to Drawback, &c.

Proceeds to be paid into the Bank.

Regulations respecting Goods, &c. of the Limits of the Trade of the Lad India Company:

The Company

may purchase such Goods;

and shall be entitled to 5 per Cent, on such as are sold at their Sales.

On Goods required to be sold for Consumption in his Majesty's European Dominions, a further Allowance to be made the Company, or they may -forbear to fell them, &c.

1

Company not compelled to expose to S.de for Home Consumption, unfit Tea.

Accounts of Proceeds of Sale to be settled.

146

C. 80.

tricesimo

795

Proceeds of Goods purchased by the Company, or sold at their Sales at the Owners Rc-quest, to be accounted for to them $ and of Goods sold to them by the Commissioners, or ar their Request, to be carried to Account, with 4l. per Cent. Interest, &c.

Commissioners of Customs and Excise may direct the Delivery of Goods out of the Company’s Ware-holi fes for Exportation to Places without his Majesty's European Dominions.

Parts of 33 Geo. III. Cap. 5*, to extend to this Act.

Goods unlawfully landed may be seized.

shall, and they are hereby authorized and required respectively, to adjust and settle every such Account with the proper Officer or Officers of the said Company, and the same, being so settled and adjusted, to allow thereof by signing or attesting the same, and that such Allowance shall be valid and enectual in Law.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Net Proceeds of all such of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be purchased by the said Company of and from the said Owners and Proprietors, or which, on the Requisition of the said Owners and Proprietors, shall be sold at the public Sales of the said Company, shall (after deducing the Rates and Allowances authorized by this Act) be accounted for and paid by the said Company to the said Owners and Proprietors entitled thereto reflectively; and that the Net Proceeds of all such of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as shall be Told to the said Company by the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or which shall be (old at the said public Sales, on the Requisition of the said Commissioners, shall (after deducting the Rates and Allowances authorized by this Act as aforesaid) be carried to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said United Company, and placed to the Credit of the said Commissioners, and shall afterwards be subject to be ill'ued, and shall be paid by the said Company, pursuant to such Orders as his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, may from Time to Time think fit to give therein, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the Payment thereof, such Interest (as to the Goods sold at the public Sales of the said Company) to be computed from the Time when full Payment of the Proceeds of each respective Sale shall have been made, and in respect to such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize as shall be purchased by the said Company, from the Time to be stipulated for that Purpose by and between the said Commissioners and the Directors of the said Company.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs and Excise in England for the Time being, from Time to Time, upon Requisition to them made by the said Owners or Proprietors, or by the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act, severally and respectively to direct the Delivery out of the Warehouses of the said United Company of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize deposited therein by virtue of this Act, previous to any Sale made thereof, in order to the Exportation of the same to some Place or Places, not being a Part of his Majesty's European Dominions; and that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall accordingly be^ delivered out to be exported to such Place or Places, not being a Part of his Majesty's European Dominions, pursuant to the Direction of the said Commissioners of Customs, under such or the like Securities as are by Law required to be given for the Exportation of Goods entitled to a Drawback, and on Payment being first made to the said United Company of the Charges which shall have been incurred by them in respect thereof, together with a reasonable Satisfaction for the Use of their Warehouses, and that the unrated or ad valorem Duties chargeable on the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall in every such Case be ascertained to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, upon a fair Estimate to be made of the true and real Value thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the several Clauses and Enactments contained in an Act of the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intitulAn Act for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the Possession of the Briufb Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade^ under certain Limitations; for ejlablt/hing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Adrnini/lration of justice within the same \ for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and' Bombay; so far as the same provide for exempting the said United Company from the Claims of Individuals in respect to any Embezzlement, Waste, Loss, or Damages of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize therein specified; or as direct that the Deeds of Covenant, Engagements, or Securities given to the said United Company by their Officers and Servants, for the safe Custody of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the said Company, shall extend to the Custody and Care of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of Individuals; or as render any such Officers or Servants liable to Costs and Damages at Law for Embezzlement, Waste, Losses, or Damages, therein also specified, shall be, and are, by force and virtue of this Act, extended, and shall be construed to extend, to all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which, by this Act, are placed in the Possession, Care, or Custody of the said United Company, or the Directors of the said Company, their Officers or Servants respectively, for the better protecting the same from Spoil, Embezzlement, or Loss.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of India or China, or other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the said United Company, imported or brought into this Kingdom, or detained in the Ports thereof as aforesaid, except such Articles of Wearing Apparel, Jewels, Watches, Trinkets, Plate, Pictures, Prints, Drawings, China or Earthen Ware, Glass framed or unframed, Books, Furniture, or Linen, which shall be permitted to be imported for private Use, without the Payment of

Persons unlawfully landing Goods,

Uabk to Penalty.

dize, which shall be so landed, unshipped, or taken from on board of any such Ship or Vessel, and which shall not be duly brought and deposited in the said Warehouses, according to the Directions of this Act, and the true Intent and Meaning thereof, shall be deemed to have been illicitly imported, and shall and may be seized, and shall be forfeited; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall have so unshipped of landed the same, or shall have acted therein, or procured the same to be so done, and all Persons in whose Custody any of such Goods* Wares* or Merchandize, so unlawfully landed or unshipped, shall be found.

A.D. 1795.

tricesimo quinto

C. 80.

x47

shall be deemed and accounted to have unlawfully traded and trafficked therein, and shall be subject and liable to such (evcral Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for unlawfully trading and trafficking to the East India, or other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the said Lhiited Company, as are in that Behalf provided or imposed by the aforesaid Adl, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty as aforesaid, or in any other Act or Acts in force for protecting and preserving to the said United Company the Benefits of their said exclusive Trade; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred as aforesaid shall and may be sued for, recovered, and applied in the same or the like Manner respectively as by the said Act of the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, or by any other Act or Acts in force as aforesaid, is or are directed in respect of any Seizures, Penalties, or Forfeitures to be made or incurred for any unlawfully trading or trafficking within the said Parts or Limits, contrary to the Provisions thereof fcspectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel so detained in, or brought into, this Kingdom as aforesaid, shall be wholly owned by any of the Subjects or Inhabitants of the United Provinces as before described, who shall have qualified themselves in Manner herein-before mentioned, or by any Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, either wholly or jointly with any of the said Persons, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order any such Ship or Vessel to be registered in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and to have a Certificate of Foreign Ship’s Registry for the European Trade only, and to enjoy the Privileges thereof in the same Manner, and subject to the same Conditions, Rules, and Regulations, and Duties, as are herein-before mentioned respecting the Registry of such Ships and Vessels belonging to Subjects of the United Provinces, or to Persons having been Inhabitants thereof before the nineteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as shall have come into the Ports of this Kingdom to take the Benefit of the Act, or of the Orders in Council herein-before mentioned.

XXXVIII. And whereas, for the Preservation of certain Cargoes, or Parts of Cargoes, which were of a perishable Nature, on board certain Ships or Vessels brought into and detained in the Ports of his Majesty's Dominions, the same have, under the special Circumstances of the Case, been ordered to be

fold ;* be it enacted, That the Commissioners to be appointed in Manner herein-before directed shall and

may give the same Directions respecting the Proceeds of such Sale, and such Proceeds shall be subject to the same Order, and be liable to the same Claims, as if such Commissioners had taken such Cargoes into their Possession, and had cauftd Sale thereof to be made in pursuance of the Authority given to them by this Act; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person to prosecute any Claim, or maintain any Suit or Action respecting any such Cargoes, or Parts of Cargoes, or the Proceeds thereof, except in the Manner herein specially provided.

XXXIX. And whereas certain Ships and Vessels have, by special Orders in Council, been permittedr

at the Request of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, under the fnecial Circumstances of the Case, to take the Benefit of the said recited Act, and of the said Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first Days of January last, upon Declaration of such Ships or Vessels having been bound to some of the Ports of the said United Provinces, though sufficienc Proof could not be made thereof: And whereas it is ex-4 [XiJient that such Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, should be exempted from all Forfeitures, and all Persons who have acted or shall act, in bringing in the same, or who have acted or who shall act in pursuance of or according to such special Orders, ought to be indemnified in the same Manner as if such Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, had been entitled to take the Benefit of the said Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first Days of January last, and in the same Manner as Persons acting in pursuance of or according to the said last mentioned Orders, have been exempted from Forfeiture, and in- demnified by the said recited Act: And whereas it is probable that the Owners of other such Ships and Vessels may reejueft, under the special Circumstances of the Case, to have the like Permission Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, at any Time before the Expiration of six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, to permit, by Order in Council, such Ships or Vessels, under such special Circumstances, to take the Benefit of the said recited Act, and of the said Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first Days of January last; and all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, brought in the same, shall be exempted from all Forfeitures, and all Persons who have acted, or shall Act in bringing in the same, or who have acted or who shall act in pursuance or according to any such special Order in Council, shall be indemnified, and shall be released and discharged in the same Manner as is provided in the said recited Adl, respecting Ships and Vessels, and Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects brought in Ships or Vessels entitled to the Benefit of the said Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first I) ays of January last; and that all such Ships and Vessels, and all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects brought in the same, shall be admitted to the same Privileges and Advantages, as to Importation, Warthoufing, or Exportation, and shall be liable to the Payment of the same Duties, and he entitled to the same Drawbacks, and shall be subject to the same Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are herein provided respecting Ships and Vessels, and Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, that have come into the Ports of this Kingdom, to take the Benefit of the said recited Adl, or of the said Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first Days of January last.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

Vessels detained, or brought into the Kingdom, may be registered for the European Trade.

Proceeds of

Cat goes of a penlhable Nature, which have been fold, to be subject to^ the Order of the Commissioner*.

Within fir Months after the passing of this Act, Cargoes of Ships permitted, by special Order in Council, to take the Benefit of recited Act, Sec, exempted from Forfeiture, Sec,

u 2

CAP

148

0. 81.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 179,5.

Relief to ths Families of Militia Men to be borne by the County at large, or the respective Places, not contributing to the County Rate, for which

and to Families of Non-commissioned Officers, &c. to be apportioned according to the Numbers of Men to be raised by the County, and such

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to apportion the Relief, by the several Statutes now in force directed to be given to the Families of Non commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Privates, serving in the Militia, between the County at large and the peculiar Districts therein not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each in such Militia; and to remove certain Difficulties in respect to the Relief of Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers, serving in the Militia.

\, [226 May 1795O

WHEREAS, in and by several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, Provision is made for the Relief of the Families of Militia Men chosen by Lot, and of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers, serving in the Militia, in the Cases in the said Acts mentioned: And whereas there are within this Kingdom divers Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Places, being Counties of themselves, and other Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Places, which are entirely independent of the Rate called "The County Rate, raised and addled in and for the County at large, of which such City, Borough, Town, and Place, is and are respectively deemed within and made Part, for the Purposes of the Militia Laws: And whereas such Counties at large, and such Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Places, ought respectively to contribute to such Relief of the Families of such Militia Men chosen by Lot, according to the Locality of the Parish for which such Militia Man shall serve, and of such Serjeants, Corporals, Drurqmers, and Fifers, under the said Acts, proportionably, according to the Number of Men respectively raised in each of them; and no Provision is made in the said Acts for that Purpose :* Therefore be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where in and by the said Acts now in force, or any of them, a certain Number of Militia Men are directed to be raised for any County, together with or including any City, Borough, Town, or Place, being a County or Distrlft of itself, not contributing to the said General County Rate, the several Sums of Money already raised and paid, or hereafter to be raised and paid, under the said Acts of Parliament, to and for the Relief of the Families of such Militia Men chosen by Lot, shall be paid and borne, out of the said several Rates, by the Treasurer of the County at large, or such City, Borough, Town, or Place respectively, for which the said Militia Man whose Family may want Relief shall serve.

the Men serve;

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money raised and paid under the said Acts to and for the Relief of the Families of such Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers respectively, shall be divided and apportioned between and borne by such County, and such City, Borough, Town, or Place, being a County or District of itself, or not contributing to the said General County Rate, in such Proportions as the respective Numbers of Militia Men apportioned to be raised in and by such County, and by such City, Borough, Town, and Place respectively bear to such other.

Places.

Treasurers to demand and pay Proportions according to 33 Geo. III. Cap. 8.

utes to be :dby the nty Lieute-, or three' uty Lieute-

In Places not contributing to the County Rate, where no Treasurer is ap-

III. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of such County and such City, Borough, Town, and Place respectively, are hereby authorized and required to demand, receive, and make. Payment of such Pro* portions and Sums of Money of the Treasurej of such other County, City, Borough, Town, and Place respectively, the one to the other of them, as the Case may require, in like Manner as in and by a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-six th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Get at Britain called England," is directed and required, in case of Payment to the Families of Militia Men chosen by Lot, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers, serving in the Militia of any County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division, or Place, other than the County, Riding, City* Town, Liberty, Division, or Place, where such Family shall dwell.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Dispute or Disagreement shall arise as to the Proportion so to be paid as aforesaid, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, or to the Payments under the said Acts, or this Act, the Lord Lieutenant of the said County at large, and in his Absence the Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, at any Meeting called or to be called under the Militia Laws, or any of them, shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to adjust and settle the same, whose Decision therein shall be final; and the said Lord Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, is and are respectively hereby authorized and empowered to call for, require, and inspect, the Account and Accounts of every such Treasurer and Treasurers respectively, for the Purpose of adjusting and settling the said Proportion. T

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cities, Towns, Liberties, Division?, and Places, which do not contribute to the said General County Rates, and where no Treasurer is yet appointed, the Justices of the Peace for every such City, Town, Liberty, Division, and Place, in case there are any, and if not, then the Justices of the County wherein such City, Town, Liberty, Division,

V -

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8.1, 82.

and Place, shall be, shall and may, and they are hereby required, at their General Quarter Sessions, to appoint a I reasurer; and Hull, from Time to Time, assess upon every Parish, Tithing, Township,

Hamlet, and Vill, within the Liberties of such Cities, Towns, Liberties, Divisions, and Places, in such

Proportions as the Rates heretofore made for the Relief of the Poor h ive usually been assessed; and shall

c.i jh? to be paid, out of the Money coiledfed and levied for the Relief of the Poor of every such Parish,

J uhing, I ownship, Hamlet, and Vill, into the Hands of such Treasurer, such Sum and Sums of Money

a? are, (lull, and may be, in their Discretion, necessary for the Purposes of this Adb; and such Treasurer

(b dl pay and dispose of the tame accordingly, and shall be and ad in all Respeite, in respect to the Provisions of this Act, the same as the Treasurer or Treasurers of peculiir Districh where a Public Stock is now raised.

VI. And whereas Doubts and Difficulties have arisen as to the Extent of the Power of Justices of the Peace to make Orders for the Relief of the Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for justices of the Peace to make Orders for the Relief of the Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers, serving in the Militia, when embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march, becoming chargeable to the Parishes, Townships, or Places, where such Families shall dwell, out of the Poor Rates of such Parish, Township, or Place, not exceeding such Sum or Sums, as by the said Acts are directed and authorized with regard to the Families of Men chosen by Lot, and of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers.

VII. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Power of the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions, to make and enforce Ordejs on Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, for which Substitutes serve, for repaying the Money to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, who shall advance and pay the same, in pursuance of the said Act, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, where the Family of such Substitute dwells, unless the Relief was afforded under Orders previously made by a Justice of the Peace, and Accounts of such Payments transmitted from Time to Time, quarterly, by the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place where the Families of such Substitutes reside and dwell, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, for which the Substitutes serve; and such Orders have been frequently made after the Relief afforded, and the Parish Officers have not applied for or been repaid the same quarterly be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, or Place, to the Treasurer whereof any Certificates of Orders and Accounts of Monies paid for the Relief of the Families of any Substitutes shall not have been transmitted by the Treasurer of any other County, Riding, or Place, in the Manner and within the Time directed by the said Act, dial], and they are hereby required, at their next or any subsequent General Quarter Sessions to be held after1 the passing of this Act, to enquire into and examine any such Account, and to allow all such Payments as shall have been actual]y made, whether the Orders for the Relief were made before or after the Relief afforded, and although the Accounts thereof shall not have been transmitted quarterly, and forthwith to make Orders for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, for which the Substitutes shall serve, to

Pay the same to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, in which such Parish, Township, or lace, shall be situated, out of the Poor Rates of such Parish, Township, or Plact, within fourteen Days next after such Allowance of any such Account, which Treasurer shall, and he is hereby required, to pay or remit the Amount of such Account within fourteen Days next after the Receipt thereof.

VIII. And whereas the colledirtg and receiving such Sums of Money four Times in the Year from a great Number of Parishes is and will be attended with very considerable Trouble and Expence;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Treasurer of Tie County, Riding, or Place, who shall repay to any Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Piacc, where such Families shall dwell, shall transmit a Certificate of the Order of the Justice allowing such Relief, (whether made before or after such Relief being afforded,) and also an Account of Monies so repaid by him, from Time to Time, (either yearly at the hqsler Sessions, or quarterly, as required by the said Act,) to the Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, in the Militia whereof such Substitutes (bdl ftrve, which Accounts so received shall be allowed by the Justices at such Sessions, who shall forthwith make an Order for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, for which such Substitutes shall serve, to pay the same to the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Place, out of the Poor Rates of such Parish, Township, or Place, within twenty-one Days next after such Sessions shall be held as aforesaid, which Treasurer shall, and he is hereby required to remit or pay the Amount of such Account, within fourteen Days after the Receipt thereof, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, transmitting such Certificate and Account as aforesaid.

An Act for inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Gainsburzh, in the Parish of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln; and also for making a Compensation for the Tithes arising within the said Township, and within the Lordship of Thonock, in the said Parish.

pzd 1795.]

149

pointed, the Justices may appoint one, and make Aff-ifnent-, &c.

Justice* may order ReJ.ef to the Families of Substitutes, hired Men, and Volunteers.

Quarter Scflioil

to allow Payments made to the Families of Substitutes, though Accounts have not been transmitted quarterly, &c.

Treasurers repaying Overseers of the Poor Relief given to such Families, to transmit the Ol der of the Justice, and an Account, to the Justices of the Place for which Substitutes

serve, who shall order Payment oqt of the Poor Rates.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Colonels to discharge Militia Men trained for the Artillery, who shall desire it, in order to enlist in the Artillery.

His Majesty may direct the Discharge of Private Men from the Militia v/hoaredefirous to serve, and have fervid, in elic Navy.

Time for which, such Men shall be liable to serve in the Navy.

Not more than a certain Number of Men to be discharged at «ne Time;

When the Proportion shall be discharged, Certificates of the Number to be transmitted to the Ordance and Admiralty.

Men may be raised by Beat of Drum in Room of those so discharged,

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for augmenting the Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing Seafaring Men for the Service of the Navy, out of the Private Men now serving in the Militia; and to amend an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His prefenc Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

[2d June 1795.]

WHEREAS in the present Conjuncture it is expedient to augment the Royal Corps of Artillery,

and also to transfer to the Service of the Royal Navy such Seafaring Men as are now serving in the Militia Forces of this Kingdom:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lor«Js Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, "Dm it shall and may be lawful for every Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, of any County, Riding, or Place, and he is hereby required and directed to discharge any Number of Private Men, who have been or may be trained as Artillery Men, if any such there be in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, not exceeding one out of every fifty Private Men of the whole effective Establishment of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, who shall respectively, from and after the passing of this Act, desire such Discharge for the Purpose of enlisting themselves in the Royal Corps of Artillery; and every such Private Man so enlisting shall be entitled to his Discharge from such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, and on receiving such Discharge shall and may be inrolled in the said Corps of Artillery, and shall have and be entitled to the fike Allowance of Subfillence, Pay, and Cloathing, and shall serve therein, subject to, and under the like Laws, Rules, and Regulations, as the Rest of the said Corps of Artillery; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty also from Time to Time to authorize and direct the Colonel or Commanding Officer of every such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, from Time to Time, to discharge every Private Man serving in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, who shall desire his Discharge for the Purpose of entering into the Navy of Great Britain, and shall have agreed to enter into such Service, and who shall, to the Satisfaction of his Colonel or Commanding Officer, prove that be has actually and bona fide served, at lea ft, three Years at Sea; and every such Private Man, on due Proof and Examination on his Oath, before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall he quartered or placed, (which Oath every such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer,) as well as in regard to the Time of his Service at Sea, as to other Circumstances necessary to satisfy such Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Fast of such Service, shall be entitled to his Discharge in the Manner herein after mentioned, and thereupon shall and may be examined by such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed for this Service, and if approved of by him or them shall be delivered over to such Officer or Officers and inrolled in his Majesty's Naval Service, subject to and under the like Terms, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Provisions (except as herein is otherwise provided) as are made and provided for raising Men for the Service of the Navy, by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of his Majesty's Navy; all which Terms, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, in the said Act contained, (hill (as far as the same are applicable) be extended, applied, and put in force for accepting, approving, receiving, inrolling, detaining, and conveying such Private Men, who shall be discharged from the Militia by virtue of this Act, as fully and amply as the same are or may be applied in respect of the Men inrolled under the Act before mentioned; and all such Men so discharged as aforesaid, on their so engaging to serve in the Navy, shall he liable to serve therein during the Continuance of the present War, and for the Space of three Calendar Months after the End of the War, if the Ship on board which such Person shall serve shall be in any of the Ports of Great Britain, or otherwise for the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Arrival c-f such Ship in such Port.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, shall not at any one Time discharge, or cause to be or have discharged, in pursuance of this Act, from the said Service in the Militia into the said Corps of Artillery, and into the Navy, more in Number than one inten of all the Private Men then enrolled in his said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, unless or until other Men, according to the Directions of this Act, in the Proportions herein after specified, shall be raised and enrolled in the Room of the Private Men before discharged; and that whenever such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall have discharged from his Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, such Proportion ot one inten of Men inrolled as aforesaid, he is hereby required to cause Certificates of the Number of Men so discharged, who shall respectively have bcenenlifted or entered in either of the said Services of the Artillery and Navy, signed by the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to be transmitted to the Offices of the Ordnance and Admiralty respectively; and every such Certificate shall contain the Names of the Men so discharged, and of the Officer or Officers of the Artillery or Navy to whom they shall respectively

have been delivered. ... f&m

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty's Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively of the County, Riding, or Place to which the Regiment, Battalion, or independent Company, from which such Private Men shall be discharged, doth belong, and also the Colonel or Commanding

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 83. 15*

and when they are replaced, the same to be certified to the Secretary at War, after which a further Discharge of Men may be made, &c.

Men entering into the Artillery 01 Navy

place of Men. so discharged entitled to Bounty,

minding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, and every other Commissioned Officer, duly authorized by the Commanding Officer, of such Reg:ment. Battalion, or Independent Company, shall be, and each of them is hereby empowered, by Beat of Drum, or otherwise, to raise Volunteers tram Time to Time, to be inrolled as Private Men in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company,

in the Room of such Private Men as shall, from Time to Time, have been discharged in pursuance of this Act; and that the Colonel or Commanding Officer, whenever the Number of Private Men so discharged shall be replaced by new Recruits, shall, and he is hereby required to certify the same, by Writing under his Hand, to the Secretary at War to be laid before his Majesty; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Colonel or Commanding Officer thereupon, and upon receiving the Directions of his Majesty for that Purpose, to proceed to discharge such further Number of Private Aden as shall desire their Discharge, in the Manner and for the Purpose herein-before directed, so as not to exceed the Proportion aforesaid, and which Men, so discharged, shall and may,* from Time to Time, be replaced in the Manner before directed; and fothe said Colonel or Commanding Officer shall continue from Time to Time to discharge all such Private Men as shall be defiroos of their Discharge, until the Proportion of Aden herein-before specified shall have been supplied for the Royal Corps of Artillery aforesaid, and also until all the Seamen or Seafaring Men, desirous of entering into the Navy, shall have been discharged for that Purpose in the Manner before mentioned; and all Private Men so discharged, and entering into the Corps of Artillery or Navy, shall be entitled to the usual Allowance of Bounty paid to Men entering in the Corps of Artillery and Navy respectively.

’ entitled to Bounty*

V. And be it further enacted, That all Volunteers who shall be raised and inrolled as Private Aden in Voluntecrsin such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to supply the Place of those so discharged, shall be entitled to the Tame Allowance.of Bounty, Subsistence Adoney, Arms, and Cloathing, as the other Private Men of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company; and that the Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, from Time to Time, as he shall find most convenient, or as shall be required, certify to his Majesty the Nuhiber of Volunteers who shall have been so raised and inrolled as Private Men as aforesaid, until the whole Number of discharged Aden shall be replaced; and that all Persons who shall engage to serve as Private Men as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall be cnlifled to serve for the same Period for which the Persons were liable to serve whose Places respectively they shall be enlitted to supply.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for every Man discharged from any Regiment, Battalion, or Inde-

pendent Company of Militia, in pursuance of this A<ff, the Colonel or Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall be entitled to receive, in the Manner herein-afeer mentioned, the Sum of ten Pounds and ten Shillings, to be applied in providing other private Men to replace the Number so discharged; and that the Officer of the Corps of Artillery, or Person appointed to receive any Man so discharged from the Militia who shall enlist in the said Corps of Artillery, and the Officer of the Navy, or Person appointed to receive any Man so discharged who shall enter into the Service of the Navy, shall respectively deliver to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, from which such Men were discharged, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of such Officer of Artillery or of the Navy respectively, specifying the Names of the Men so discharged, the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of A'lilitia, from which every such Adan was discharged, and the Service into which he has entered and been accepted, which Certificates shall be attested by the Commanding Officer or Adjutant of the said Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia; and such Certificates, being transmitted to the Receiver of the Land l ax of or for the County or Riding to which the Regiment, Bat-ti!ion, or Independent Company aforesaid doth belong, shall entitle such Colonel or Commanding Officer to the Payment of the Sum of ten Pounds and ten Shillings for every Alan specified in such Certificate, to be applied for the Purposes before mentioned; and every such Receiver shall be, and is hereby empowered and required, on Demand made, and Production and Delivery of such Certificate, to pay the said Sums out 0: any Monies in his Hands of the Public Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, taking the Receipt of such Colonel or Commanding Officer for the same; and all Sums of Money so paid on Account of the Men enlitted in tie said Corps of Artillery shall be carried to the Account of the Treasurer and Paymaster of the Ordnance, tad all Sums so paid on Account of the Men entered in the Navy shall be carried to the Account of the Treasurer of the Navy, and upon Production and Delivery of such Certificates and Receipts at the Ordnance and Navy Offices respectively, shall be immediately duly paid by such Treasurer and Pay matter of the Ordnance, and such Paymaster of the Navy respectively, to such Receiver General of the Land Tax advancing the same, or to his Order. 7 II

VII. And whereas, by the said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to t be Militia in that Part ^Great Britain called England, it is enacted, that when any Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall be 2bfent from Great Britain, all the Powers by the said Act given to such Colonel or other Commanding Officer shall be vetted in and lawfully may be exercised by the next Officer in Command in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, who shall be redding within Great Britain, until such Colonel or other Commanding Officer shall be returned to Great Britain, and shall have notified his Arrival to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company belongs; and die Clerk of the Peace is by the said Act required to transmit an Account thereof to the Officer who shall have been next in Command as aforesaid; and all Aits, Matters, and Things done by such Officer next in Command as aforesaid, in exercising the Powers given by the said Act to Colonels and other Commanding Officers*

be good and valid in the Law, equally as if they had been done by the Colonel o; Commanding

5 4 Officer

For every Marr

so discharged ten Guineas to be paid to provide others.

Persons recti v-ing Men for the Artillery or Navy, to deliver

to the Regiment from whence discharged Certificates, which shall entitle the Colonel to receive ten Guineas from the Rccriyer General of the Land Tax, to be repaid him by the Ordnance and Admiralty.

2 6 Geo HT. Cap. 107, Sett* 56, recited.

*52

C. 83.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

1 Officer himself: And whereas Doubts have arisen concerning the Powers by the said Act given to the next

Officer in Command in any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, who shall be i residing in Great Britain when the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion,

or InfUnprirlpn#1 pAmnntu; A i I lltlf it IVioll k'liin nnnfiPil V11C rnual

When a Colonel is absent from Great Britain, lus Majesty may invert the Senior Resident Officer with the Powers of the Colonel, JfcC.f

Officer aflfiming such Powers to notify the Absence of the Colonel to the County Lieutenant, and when in actual Service, to the Secretary at War.

Money for Payment of CJoath-ing, &c. to be paid to the Officer who ordered the Articles.

His Majesty may dirt ft Deputy Lieute* nants and Officers to be dif-placed.

46 Geo. III. Cap. 167, Stft 29, recited.

ay

idi

and repealed.

Serjeants and Corporals may fee reduced to serve as Privates

talion, or Independent Company of Militia shall be absent from Great Britain, and until he shall return to Great Britain, and shall have notified his Arrival in the Manner required by the said recited Act, it shall and may be lawful for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, to direct and order that the Officer next in Command who shall be residing in Great Britain shall, in all cases, act and be dealt with as the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company; and that all Powers and Authorities which might have been exercised by such Colonel or Commanding Officer so absent as aforesaid, if in Great Britain, shall be vested in and exercised by the next Officer in Command in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, who shall be resident in Great Britain \ and, from and after idling the said Warrant as aforesaid, all Matters and Things which ought to be transacted and done by any other Person or Persons with such Colonel or Commanding Officer, whilst resident in Great Britain, shall be transacted and done, during the Time aforesaid, with such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, who shall be residing in Great Britain; and all Money directed to be i(Tiled or paid to, or to the Order of, such Colonel or Commanding Officer, for the Use of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall be issued and paid to, or to the Order of, such Officer next in Command as aforesaid; and all A£$, Matters, and Things done by and with such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, during the Time aforesaid, which are or shall be authorized or required to be done by or with such Colonel or Commanding Officer when in Great Britain, shall be good and valid as if clone by dr with such Colonel or Commanding Officer; and during the Absence from Great Britain of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, and until he shall return to Great Britain and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the next Officer in Command in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, who shall be residing in Great Britain, shall appoint the Regimental or Battalion Cleric, and Agent to such Regiment, ^Battalion, or Independent Company, in the same Manner as such Colonel or Commanding Officer might have done, and shall take Security from such Agent, and shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all Deficiencies that may happen from the said Agent, or from himself, upon Account of the Pay, Cloathing, or Public Stock of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company: Provided always, that such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, who shall affiime the Powers so given to him by the said recited Act, and by this Act, in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain

of his Color " ~

the Absence

and also, when the Regiment, Battalion, or Company shall be in actual Service, to the Secretary at War: Provided also, that if any such Colonel or Commanding Officer as aforesaid shall have given any Orders for Cloathing or other Necessaries, or for Accoutrements, which dught to be provided in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, at the Time when such Order shall be given, for the Use of his Regiment, Battalion, or Company, and before such Orders shall be completed, or after the same shall be completed, and before the Money shall be issued for the same, such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall leave Great Britain^ the Orders so given by such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall nevertheless be completed* and the Money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Colonel or Commanding Offi-

Officer !o next

- or Commanding Officer, and under the Authorities given to him as aforesaid, give any Orders for Cloathing or other Necessiaries, or for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, at the Time when such Orders shall be given, for the Use of his Regiment, Battalion, or Company, and before such Orders shall be completed, or after the same shall be completed, and before the Money which ought to be issued shall be issued for the same, the Colonel or Commanding Officer shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the Orders so given by such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid shall be completed, and the Money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Officer, notwithstanding the Return of such Colonel or Commanding Officer as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall, from lime to Time, as he and they shall think fit, signify his and their Pleasure to his and their Lieutenants of any, County, Riding, or Place, to displace all or any Deputy Lieutenants and Officers in the Militia; and thereupon his Majesty's respective Lieutenants shall appoint others within the same County, Riding, or Place, under the like Qualifications, to serve in their Stead.

IX. And whereas, by an Act, pasted in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Militia Forces in England, it is enacted, that any Serjeant or Corporal of the Militia may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a Private Militia Man, to serve as such during any lime not exceeding fifteen Months; after which Time, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non-commissioned Officer, he shall be discharged from the Service; which Provision has in many Cases been found to be inconvenient Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Clause shall be repealed; and that any Serjeant or Cor xiral of the Militia may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a Private Militia Man, to serve as fuefr during any Time not exceeding fifteen Months, in case the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs shall not be then embodied*or oalled out into actual Service, and irveafe the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs * shall

cer in

j uic money 10 uc uiuea in respect mereor mail oe paid to the v^raer or luen ^oionei or comman, notwithstanding his Absence from Great Britain, as aforesaid; and in like Manner if any Offic Command as aforesaid shall, in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain of his Colonel

A.D. 1735. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 84 - 86.

shall be then embodied or called out into actual Service, to serve as aforesaid until the disembodying of the said Regiment or Corps, after which Time, or at the End of the said fifteen Months, as the Case may be, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non-commissioned Officer, he shall be discharged from the Service.

X. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Acceptance by Officers of the Militia of Commissions in his Majesty's Regular Forces, or in any Fencible or Volunteer Corps, do vacate their Com- millions in the Militia / for obviating such Doubts for the future, be it enacted and declared. That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Acceptance by any Officer of the Militia of this Kingdom (except the Colonel) of any Commission in any of his Majesty's other Forces, whether liable to serve out of Great Britain, or within the same only, shall, f om the Date of such Commission so accepted, absolutely vacate and make void any Commission the said Officer may hold in the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Officers of the Militia of this Kingdom (except the Colonel) who may heretofore have accepted Commissions in any of his Majesty's other Forces as aforesaid, and now hold the same, together with their Militia Commissions, shall, and they are hereby required, wkhin one Month after the passing of this Act, to make their Election whether they will continue to serve in the Militia, or such other of his Majesty's Forces, and shall also within the same Time notify such their Election in Writing to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place to which the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in which they may at the Time hold their Militia Commission, shall belong, and also to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in order to such Notification being inserted in the London Gazette; and the Commissions of all such Officers, in such Regiment or Corps wherein they shall not make their Election to serve, shall, from and after such Notification, be absolutely vacated and made void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and in case any of the said Officers shall neglect or refuse to make and notify such Election within the Time aforesaid, the Militia Commission of such Officer shall, from and after the Expiration of one Month, to be computed from the passing of this Act, become vacated and made void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage or Practice, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and that every Person holding the Commission of Colonel in the Militia, who shall, after the passing of this Act, raise any Fencible Corps, shall receive only the Pay of such Fencible Corps to which he belongs, and it shall not be lawful for such Colonel to ad in any Respect as Colonel in the Militia, until such Fencible Corps is reduced; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County to which such Militia belongs to appoint an additional Major to such Militia Regiment, with the Pay of such, during the Time the Duty of such Colonel's Service in the Militia is suspended by this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful to try such Colonel as a Fencible Officer only, by a Court Martial composed as Courts Martial are for trying Officers in Fencible Regiments, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that in case any Commission in any Militia Regiment, now held by any Officer serving in a Fencible Regiment, shall not be filled up at or before the Time such Fencible Regiment is reduced, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, after such Fencible Regiment is reduced, with the Consent of the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Militia belongs, to resume and ad under his Militia Commission in like Manner as if such Militia Commission had never been vacated by

this Act.

tried as a Fencible Officer. Commissions in the Militia, now held by Fencible Officers, if vacant at Reduction of their Corps,

XL. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Certificate, signed by the Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, shall be transmitted to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision far which any Private Militia Man shall have been inrolled, of any such Private Militia Man having died, or been appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer in the Militia, or been discharged as being unfit for Service, or in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, such Deputy Lieutenants shall, and are hereby required to cause such Vacancy to be filled up by Ballot, immediately after the Receipt of such Certificate.

CAP. LXXXIV.

0

An Act for continuing several Acts passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the

River Thames.

[2d June 1795.]

Ad 6 Geo. II. Cap. 29, further continued to June 24., 1805, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament." C v*

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for making and extending a Navigable Cut from the Town of Watford, in the County of Hertford, y. to the Town of Saint Aiban, in the same County.

[2d June 1795.]

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts of the sixteenth and seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the fevemh of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River ft chin, in the County of Southampton, and for improving the Navigation thereof, and for ascertaining the Rates of Carriage, Rivcrage, and Wharfage, payable thereon.

[2d June 1795.]

153

for a certain Term.

Acceptance of Commissions in the other Forces to vacate those in the Militia (except as Colonel).

Militia Officers holding Commissions in the other Forces to make their Election, 5cc.

and if not done within a limited Time, their Commissions in the Militia to be void.

Militia Colonels railing Fencible Corps to receive only the Pay thereof, and not to att in the

Militia.

County Lievte-

nants^ay appoint an additional Major while the Colo* nel’s Service is suspended. Colonel jo be may be resumed.

On Receipt of Certificates of the Death, Scc. of private Men, the Deputy Lieutenants to cause others to be balioUcd for.

35 Geo. III.

X

---

154 C. 87, 88. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, in the said County.

[2d June 1795.]

---

34 Geo. III. Cap. 69. recited.

Gaolers to make out Lists of Prisoners who, on

Feb. 12, 17?4> and at the Time of making out, were in Custo-

Warden of the Fleet, tec. on delivering in Lifts, to take the following

Gath.

03th, &c. to be dealt with as directed by recited Act.

Prisoners to take the following Oath.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to remedy certain Omissions in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors.

[22d June 1795.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors, did not extend to the Relief of all the Persons to whom it was meant to extend, owing to the Circumstance of several Prisoners, who were in Custody on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and had continued in Custody from that Time, having, during the Time of their Imprisonment, been removed by Writ of Habeas Corpus, or by other Means, from one Prison to another, after the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-four:* Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Gaoler or Keeper of any rrifon within this Kingdom shall and is hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect: Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person and Persons described in the said Act, who, upon the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, was or were in the Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of any Prison, and at the Time of making out every such List shall be really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners in the Custody of the Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, of any Prison, making and delivering such List, which Lift shall be delivered and dealt with in like Manner as is directed by the said Act with respect to the Lifts therein mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and the Marshal of the KingJs Bench Prison, and every other Gaoler and Keeper of any other Prison, shall severally, on the delivering in of such List of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath in the open Court of General Quarter Section of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, to the following Effect:

I A.B. upon my Corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted in the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, have been, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, really and truly Prisoners in my actual Custody ever since the respective Days and Times in such List mentioned; 1 and that it appears by the several Returns and Affidavits of the several Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, in whose Custody the said several Persons have been, previous to their being committed into my i Custody, that they were really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned.*

Which said Oath, and the Words thereof. Lifts, and Copies of Lifts, shall be entered, kept, and dealt with in Manner in the said Act directed respecting the Oath, Lifts, and Copies of Lifts, therein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, instead of the Oath by the said Act directed to be taken by such Prisoners as in the said Act are described, an Oath to the following Effect shall be taken by them respectively: - *

I A.B. upon my Corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and declare, That, on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, I was

really and truly a Prisoner in actual Custody of the Keeper of some Gaol or Prison at the Suit of

without any Fraud or Collusion whatever, and that I have ever since my Commitment continued a Prisoner in actual Custody, at the Suit of and without any Fraud or Collusion

whatever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods, Effects, and Estates, Real and Personal, in *Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, which I, or any Person in Trust for me or for my Benefit or Advantage, am or is seized or possessed of, interested in, or entitled to, or which was or were in my Possession at any Time since my Commitment to Prison, and of all Debts which are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and of all the Securities and Contracts whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may acrue to me, or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for 4 me, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contracts (if any such there be); and that neither I, nor any other Person or Persons in Trust for me or for my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Estate, Real or Personal, in Porteftion, Reversion, or Remainder, or Expectancy, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 89. 155

exceeding five Pounds, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of thirty Pounds; and that I have not, nor any body for me hath, directly or indirectly, fold, leftened, or other wise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts, or Estate, Real or Personal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage thereof, or with Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am or was indebted in any wise howsoever. < go ^c], me QQD

IV. And be it further enacted, That instead of the Oath directed by the said Act to be taken (if required as therein mentioned) by the Gaoler or Person who acts as Gaoler or Keeper of any such Prison, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner in order to be discharged, an Oath to the following Effect (if so required) shall be administered and taken:

J A% B. do swear. That was, as I verily believe, a Prisoner in Custody at and upon the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and that the Copy or Copies, Account or Accounts of the Cause or causes of his [or her] Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of the said and produced to this Court, is or are a true Copy

or Copies, Aecount or Accounts, of the Cause or causes of such Detainer or Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Person whatsoever, to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief.

So help me GOD.*

Gaolers on bringing up Prisoners to be discharged to take the following

Oath.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Regulations, and Directions in the said Act contained, shall apply to the Cases of the Prisoners meant to be discharged under this Act, in the same Manner as if the said Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Regulations, and Directions, were herein inserted and enacted.

Recited Act t0 extend to Prisoners meant to be discharged under chi* Act.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wadi, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits; and for regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue lb much of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and /Irgles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.

[22d June 1795.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act to continue two Acts made in the twenty-eighth and iitienty-ninth Tears of the Reign of his present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Loiu Wines and Spirits, and upon IVorts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Dist illation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of Britillw/W,? Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 44 to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low I Tines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and ft curing the due Payment of ether Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing for a limited Time, certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies;" and for amending the said Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty 's Reign; and such Parts of the said Acts of the twenty-sixth, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth Years aforesaid, slave and except the Duties imposed by the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid,) as were continued by the said Act of the thirtieth Year aforesaid, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and by another Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign aforesaid, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and by another Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid, until and upon the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and nmety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby made perpetual. '

II. And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, c An Act to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, and a I fa for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned; reciting, that certain Rules, Regulations,

of the Reign of his present Majesty, provided, settled, and established, for the Manufacture of Spirits called Maidstone Geneva, established at Maidstone in the County of Kent, by George Bishop of that Place, and that certain Duties were by the said Act, and by another Act made in the thirty-first Year of

30 Geo. III. Cap. 37,

and such Part* of 26 Geo. III.

CaP* 73»

2S Geo. III.

Cap. 46, and 23

Geo. III. Cap.

45, (except ac

hereby except-.

,) which were

continued by

33 Geo III.

Cap. 59, to Dec.

1, 1795, made perpetual.

33 Geo. III. Cap. 59,

56

C. 90

tricesimo quinto

Sir William Bishop and Company may continue to make Maidstone Gin till July 5, 1797, subject to the Duties imposed on the late George Bishop.

Duties imposed by 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13, on Wash brewed in England for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, which were continued by 33 Geo. III. Cap. 59, to July 5, 1795, made perpetual.

the Reign of Lis said Majesty, imposed on the said George Bishop for and in respect of Wash produced by him from Malt or other Corn; and that the said George Bishop was lately dead, and Sir William Bishop,

Knight, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, were become possessed of the Distillery and Premises, in which the said George Bishop deceased carried on the Manufacture of such Ma'ulftone, Geneva at Maidstone aforesaid, and that the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, were desirous to carry on the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said Distillery and Premises at Maidstone aforesaid, under and subject to the like Jduties. Rules* Regulations, Reftndtions,

Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the said George Bishop deceased carried on the Manufacture of, and made Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva; and that it was expedient to allow the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, so to carry on such Manufacture, and to make such Spirits, it was enacted that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Sir William Bishop, George Bijloop, and Argles Biftoop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, possessed of the said Distillery and Premises, to carry on the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits commonly called Maidstone Genrua, in the said Distillery and Premises at Maidstone aforesaid, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, under and subject to the like Duties as were imposed on the said George Bishop deceased, by the said Acts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his said Majesty:

And whereas it is expedient to allow the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, so to carry on such Manufacture, and to make such Spirits, for a further Term :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, postefi of the said Distillery and 1 re— mises, to carry on the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said Distillery and Premises at Maidstone aforesaid, from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, under and subject to the like Duties as were imposed on the said George Bishop deceased, by the said Acts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his said Majesty.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties of Excise which were, by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, imposed for a limited Time for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, and for or in respect of Cyder or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor brewed or made as aforesaid, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and for or in respect of Wash brewed Or made as aforesaid, from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which were, by several Acts made in the twe ity-c:ghth? twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-first, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be, and the same are hereby severally and respectively made perpetual; and the said Duties shall severally and respectively be paid and payable by the several and respective Makers and Distillers of iuen Wort, YVaQi, Cyder, Perry, or other Liquor respectively, at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the said Duties, by the said Act imposed and hereby continued and made perpetual, were severally and respectively payable by Law under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, and shall continue to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, (the Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted,) and be carried to, and made Part of, the Consolidated Fund,

CAP. XC.

An Act for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

[22d June 1795.]

No Vessel clearing out from Great Britain, to carry Slave, from Africa in greater Numbers than herein specified.

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall clear out from any Port of this Kingdom from and after the hrft Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to have on board at any one Time, or to convey', carry, bring, or transport, Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Part beyond Se2, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of five such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons; and moreover of one such Slave for every additional 'Eon of such Ship or Vessel over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons; or Male Slaves who shall exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of one such Male Slave to every one Eon of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons; and moreover of three such Male Slaves, who shall exceed the said Height of four Feet four Inches, for every additional five Tons oT such Ship or Vessel, over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90.

*57

one Tons; and every such Ship or \rcflel shall be deemed and taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as is defenbed and set forth in the respective Certificate of the Registry of each and every such Ship or Vessel, granted in pursuance of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Inc nap anil Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and if any such Mailer, or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall act contrary hereto, such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for each and every such Slave, exceeding in Number the Proportions herein before limited; one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same: Provided always, that if there shall be in any such Ship or Vessel any more than two fifth Parts of the Slaves who shall be Children, and who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, then every five such Children, over and above the aforesaid Proportion of Two-fifths, shall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said Slaves, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or beconflrued to extend, to the Case of a Ship taking on board any Number of Slaves that shall be found shipwrecked, or from on board any other Ship or Vessel where, by reason of Mutiny or Insurrection among the Slaves, or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any actual Distress of the Vessel, the Master or Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship, or continuing the Voyage, the Proof of which shall lie upon the Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel so taking on board such Slaves.

Masters of Vessels, before they land any Slaves in the West Indies^ to give in a written Declaration to the Officer of the Customs of the Burthen of the Vessels, &cf and if they land Slaves contrary hereto, to forfeit 500l. Officers of the Customs to take an Account of the Slaves on board such Vessels, on Penalty of 500l. Where there is no Officer of the Customs, any Civil Officer to receive the Declaration of the Master, tffc. Penalty on making false Declaration. No Vessel to carry any Slaves, unless entered for that Purpose at clearing out, nor unless the Surgeon give Bond to keep a Journal of the Slaves curing the Voyage; Journal is to be delivered to the Officer of the Customs, at the first British Port of Arrival, &c. Officer to deliver to the Mafier a Copy of his Declaration and to the Surgeon a Copy of 4i his Journal, and transmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of the Customs. Masters or Surgeons acting contrary hereto to forfeit 100l. If Penalty on Malters be not paid within 14 Days, their Vessels may be seized and fold."

VI.

Vessel

That as soon as such Ship or Vessel shall arrive in any of the said Islands, and due Notice of such Arrival shall have been given at the Custom House thereof, the Owner or Owners of the said Ship or Vessel, or his, her, or their Factor or Agent to whom such Ship and Cargo are confiened, shall give Bond in the penal Sum of five thousand Pounds to the Collector or other Officer of the Customs, for the full and just Payment of such Penalty or Penalties as may be awarded against such Captain, or other Officer, by the Verdict of a fury: And it is hereby enacted, That no such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted or fuftered to enter or clear inwards, until such Bond shall be first given; and it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Customs to detain

such

Provide

unless the same shall be commenced within one Month after

Collector or other Officer of the Customs in the said Islands.

Penalties may be sued for in any Court of Vice Admiralty in America, or the West Indies, where the Offence shall have been commited, or the Cargo disposed of, or in any Court of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh. The upper and lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, to be allotted to the Slaves. If any Person take the Command of a Vessel, who is not qualified as herein directed, he and also the Owner shall forfeit 500l. Former Acts recited, and nothing therein to make void Insurances made in the same general Terms as other Insurances, but under them no Damages shall be recoverable in certain cases. No Vessel to be cleared out that has not a Surgeon who has pdfed his Examination, &c. If the Officer at the Port of Discharge shall be satisfied that there have not died on the Voyage more than two Slaves in the ico, he is to give Certificates to the Master and Surgeon, and on Production thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs, they are to order the Master too/, and the Surgeon 50l. Like Certificates to be given where the Mortality has not been more than three in the 100, which is to entitle the Master to 50l. and the Surgeon to 25 /. Before any Vessel is cleared outwards, the Master, Officers, and Mariners, to execute Articles of Agreement in the Forms annexed to the Act; and no other Form to be used on Penalty of 50l. Muster Roll to be regularly kept, and delivered, bV. on Penalty of 100l. and six Months Imprisonment."

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall be turned over or discharged,

Vessels to deemed of the Tonnage set forth in their Certificates of Registry.

Masters of Vessels to forfeit 30 I. fer evtry Slave exceeding the limited Number.

If more than Two-fifths of the Slaves be Children, five of the Surplus to be deemed equal to four Slaves, tec.

And whereas it may happen that the Master or other Person having the Command of such Ship or :1 so prosecuted and convicted may be unable to pay such Penalty or Penalties incurred ;* be it enacted,

given

>P

On Arrival of Vessels in America or the West Indies, the Owners to give Bond for Payment of Penalties.

Vessels not to be admitted to Entry till Bond is given.

Suits to be commenced within one Month,

upon any Pretence whatsoever, unless into his Majesty's Ships of War, or to assist a Ship in actual Distress,

principal ()stra

Writing with the said Officers or Men in lent, or, upon Preferment, 01 under ill State oi Health, with the

hich is to be certified by the principal OiHcers of both Ships concerned, and an Agreement made in

sent of tile Party, for which a Certificate shall be given from the Captain of any of his Majesty's Ships 'eflels, if any are present, or, in their Absence, two Justices of the Peace, or the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Place or Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be, or shall first arrive, which

Certificate shall be returned with the Muster Roll and Log Book, on the Arrival of the Ship at her delivering Pott in Great Britain*

No Officer, &«, to be turned over or discharged, but under the Cir-r.umftanecs herein mentioned.

158 C. 91. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

"No Slops, &c. to be supplied beyond One fourth of the Monthly Wages. Regulations with regard to Officers, &c. behaving in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous Manner. Mailer to cause a printed Abstract of this Act, tffc. to be hung up in the moil public Place in his Vessel, on Penalty of 20l. If mutinous Officers, iffc. be taken into Custody in Africa of the West Indies, a Statement upon Oath to be lodged with the Governor, iffc. and if the Witnesses do not appear at the Trial, they shall incur a Penalty. Officers, dsV. to continue in Pay till the Vessel is cleared Inwards. Wages of Run Men to go to Greenwich Hospital, iffc, Where Offences may be tried, and Penalties sued lor. Limitation of Actions. Delivery of Writs on board Vessels, to be deemed legal Service. Persons taking false Oaths, to incur the Pains of Perjury, iffc, Act to continue in force till August 1, 1796."

CAP. XCI.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen; and for repealing so much of the said Act as restrains them from selling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, within a certain Distance from any City or Market Town.

[2zd June 1795.]

29 Geo. III. Cap 26, recited.

Penalty inflicted by recited Act on Hawkers trading without a Licence, or not producing it, may be levied by Distress of the Goods.

Restrictions by Sett. 16 and 18 of recited Act repealed.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Tradeit is amongst other Things enacted, that if any such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, as is in the said Act mentioned, or other trading Person so travelling as in the said Act mentioned, should, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, trade, as in the said Act is described, without such Licence as is therein also mentioned and described, that then and in any of the said Cases such Hawker, Pedlar,

Petty Chapman, or trading Person, so offending, should, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; and it is by the said Act also enacted, that if any such Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman* 4 or other trading Person as aforesaid, shall be found trading without a Licence contrary to the said Act, or who being found trading should refuse or neglect to produce a Licence according to the said Act, after being required so to do, that then it should and might be lawful for any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offence or Offences should be committed, to convict the Offender of trading without a Licence: And whereas it is expedient that, in Default of Payment, it should be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Penalty in which the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, to be forthwith levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Wares,

or Merchandizes of such Offender or Offenders, or of the Goods with which such Offender or Offenders should be found trading as aforesaid :* Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, upon every Conviction of any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person in the said Ail mentioned, who shall be found trading without a Licence contrary to the said Act, or who being found trading shall refuse or neglect to produce to such Person or Persons a Licence according to the said Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Penalty in which such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, to be forthwith levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods or Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, or of the Goods with which such Offender or Offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners thereof, after Deduction of the reasonable Charges for taking and aetaining the said Distress, and felling the same, and out of the said Sale to pay the said respective Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid, and in the mean Time to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the said Offence shall be committed, there to remain until the said Penalties and forfeitures, and the reasonable Charges of taking the said Distress, shall be levied and raised by such Distress and Sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be otherwise paid or satisfied by such Offender.

II. And whereas, by the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth Sections of the said Act, all Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, are retrained, under the Penalties therein mentioned, from vending, selling,

or expoiine to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, in any City or Market Town in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the Distance of two Miles from the Middle of the most central Market Place of any such City or Market Town, except on Market and Fair Days, such Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, not being Householders there, or the same not being the usual Place of their Abode, or of their carrying on Business: And whereas the said Restrictions have been found inconvenient to the Manufacturers in general, and also detrimental to the Revenue :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, so much of the said Act as relates to the said Restrictions liiall be, and the fapie is hereby repealed.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. 159

CAP. XCII.

An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries.

[22d June 1795.]

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage the Fishery carried on by his Majesty's European Subjects in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, for the Purpose of taking

Whales and other Creatures found in those Seas, by continuing the present Premiums, and bellowing them V in a different Manner: And whereas it is of Importance that immediate Effect should be given to the said Premiums, for which Reason it is necessary to repeal the Laws by which the present Premiums are granted Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery\ and also an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery; and for making further Provisions for that Purpose; and also every Act, and Part of an Act, repealed by the said Acts, or either of them, shall be, and are Hereby repealed, except so far as re-

fards Ships or Vessels which have been or may be fitted and cleared out for the Purpose of carrying on such ilhery before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, under the Encouragements given by the said Acts.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Premiums hereafter mentioned shall be paid and allowed for three Years, from the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to twenty-eight Ships or Vessels employed in the said Fishery, under the Limitations and Restrictions herein-after expressed; that is to say, every such Ship or Vessel shall appear by her Register to be British-built, and shall be fitted and cleared out from some Port of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, or Man, and shall be wholly owned by his Majesty's Subjects usually redding in any of the Dominions aforesaid, and navigated as herein after directed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for fifteen of such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared out between the first Day of January and the thirty-first Day of December

the Year subsequent to that in which they cleared out, to some Port of Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed three hundred Pounds to each of the five such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and first arrive within the Times herein-before mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Lons in each of such Ships or Vessels, and being the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, taken and killed by the Crews of every such Ship or Vessel respectively; and there shall be paid and allowed two hundred Pounds to each of the five such Ships or Vessels, which shall in like Manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed one hundred Pounds to each of the five such Ships or Vessels and which shall in like Manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for five other of such Ships or Vessels, which shall be fitted and cleared out, and shall fail within the Times herein-before mentioned, and proceed to trie Southward of the thirty-sixth Degree of South Latitude, and shall there bond fide carry on the said Fishery, and shall not return till after the Expiration of fourteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-first Day of December in the second Year after their clearing out, to Lmc Port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed four hundred Pounds to each of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and arrive, withfo the Times herein-before last mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel.

V. And be it further enacted, That for eight other of such Ships or Vessels which shall be fitted and cleared out, and shall fail within the Times herein-before mentioned, and shall double Cape Horn, or pass through the Streights of Magellan into the South Seas, and carry on the said Fishery during the Space of four Ifontns, to the Weft ward of Cape Horn, in those Seas, and shall not return to some Port of Great Britain till

the Expiration of sixteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-f.'ft Day of December in the second Year after their clearing out, there shall be paid and allowed six hundred Pounds to any one of such last mentioned Ships or Vessels, which shall so fail and arrive within the Times herein la it-mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than thirty 'Lons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or-other Creatures living in

taken and k,llccl ky the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either outward or i and there shall be paid and allowed five hundred Pounds to each seven of such Ships or Vessels

a 6 Geo. III.

Cap. 50, and 28 Geo. III. Cap. 20, &c. repealed, except as to Vessels cleared out before Nov. 1, 1795.

Premiums granted for three Years to 28 Ships fitted out for the Fishery s

Premiums and Conditions for 15 Ships *.

Premiums and Conditions for five other Ships.

Premiums and Conditions for eight other Ships.

Vessels need not

hr cleared out specially for the Latitudes specified.

The Master and 3-4ths of the Crew to be British Subjects, or, if cleared from Britain, Foreign Protestants intending to settle in Britain, &c.

4

No Premium to be paid, unless there is an Apprentice, indentured for three Years, on board for every 50 Tons Burthen.

Penalty of 501. on Masters fuf firing Apprentices to quit their Service before Expiration of Term.

No Premium to be allowed, unless the Names of Vessels in which Apprentices are to serve are in-

C. C2. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

last before mentioned, which shall so foil and arrive within the Times herein last before mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than thirty Tens, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whale?, or other Creatures living in the Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either outward or homeward.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel shall not be obliged to dear out fp^ially for the respective Latitudes specified in this Act, but shall be entitled to the Premiums hereby granted, on complying with all the other Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, imposed by this Act.'

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Ship or Vessel shall be navigated by Persons, of whom the Mailer and at lead Three-fourths of the Mariners are his Majesty *s Subjects, usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, Jer/cy, or Man; or if such Ship or Vessel shall clear out from any Port of Great Britain, then that such Ship or Vessel may be navigated by Persons being Protestants, and who, not being Subjects of his Majesty, have been heretofore employed in carrying on the said Fishery, and who shall, at the Time of clearing out ot every Ship or Vessel on board of which they shall serve respectively, take the Oath (or, being a Quaker, shall make a Declaration) of Fidelityand Allegiance to his Majesty, and also shall make Oath (or, being a Quaker, shall make Affirmation) before two or more of the principal Officers of the Customs, of which the Collector is to be one, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall io clear out, (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby authorized and requited to administer,) if it is their first Voyage from any Port of Great Britain, that they have already established, or that it is their Inrention to establish themselves and their Families in Great Britain, as Inhabitants thereof, and Subjects of his Majesty; and if it shall be their second, or any subsequent Voyage, that they actually have established themselves and their Families in Great Britain, and have taken the Oath (or, being Quakers, have made a Declaration) of fidelity and Allegiance to his Majesty as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Premium granted by this Act shall be

paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, for or on Account of any Ship or Vessel employed in the aforesaid Fishery, unless such Ship or Vessel shall have on board an Apprentice indentured for the Space of three Years, at the least, for every fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel by Admeasurement, every such Apprentice not exceeding the Age of eighteen Years, nor being under fourteen Years, at the Time he shall be so indentured, and having proceeded on and continued the Whole of the Voyage, both out and home, for which any such Premium shall be claimed, unless such Apprentice died or deserted in the Course of the Voyage; which Fadts shall and are hereby required to be verified by the Oath of the Mailer, the Mate, and two of the Mariners, belonging to such Ship or Vessel, unless by reason of some unavoidable Accident, Proof whereof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the Officers of the Customs herein after mentioned, two Mariners cannot be procured, and then by the Oath of the Mailer and Mate, taken before two or more of the principal Officers of the Customs, at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall return from the said Fishery, (of which the Collector is to be one,) which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer; and in Confirmation also thereof, the proper Officers of the Customs belonging to the Port to which such Ships or Vessels shall respectively return, shall, immediately after their Return from such Voyage respectively, visit every such Ship or Vessel, and muster the Crew, and having satisfied themselves therein, shall certify the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Master of any Ship or Vessel, or

any other Person or Persons whatever, to whom any Apprentice or Apprentices shall be indentured pursuant to this Act, shall permit or fuller any such Apprentice or Apprentices to quit, leave, or depart, his or their Service, on any Pretence whatever, except as herein after is provided, before the Expiration of the Term for which he or they shall be bound, every such Master or other Person shall forfeit and pay, for each and every Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information* in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in which no Wager of Law, no Essoin, nor any more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend, orbecon-strued to extend, toinflidl the aforesaid Penalty, in any Case where any Apprentice or Apprentices shall be legally discharged before a Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, or shall be turned over from one Person to another Person concerned in either of the aforesaid Fisheries, to serve the Remainder of his Time in such Fisheries pursuant to the Directions of this Act: Provided also, and it is hereby declared, that no Bounty or Premium shall be paid or allowed by virtue of this Act in any Case unless there shall be inserted in the Indenture or Indentures of each and every Apprentice or Apprentices who shall be indentured by virtue of this Act, or who shall be turned over from one Person to another, pursuant to this Act, the Name or Names of the Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels, on board of which such Apprentice or Apprentices is or are bound to serve.

ftrted in Indentures.

Apprentices to

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Time for which any Apprentice shall have been indentured be considered as to serve on board aqy Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fisheries shall expire during the Voyage of such i

Vovazc thr ueh ^ip or such Apprentice shall be accounted and considered, to all Intents and Purposes, as an

thefrindentures prentice for the whole V oyage, and shall on the Ship s or Vessel s Return from the fold Fishery be mustered

expire during it. accordingly.

No Premium to

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Premium granted by this Act shall be allowed un- paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, on Account of any Ship or Vessel employed in the said

kfs.a Log Book Fishery, unless a Log Book shall have been regularly kept on board such Ship or Vessel, in which Lo^r

Bov>

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92

Book

and the supposed Distances

c uic v^uuuuib at uic una ui uicir rwrivai rcipccilveiy>

one, (which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer,) when, such Ship or Vessel cleared out, and that all such Oil or Head Matter,

the voyage, shall be inserted every Day, and particularly the Times when such Ship or Vessel shall have been in oight of Land, distinguim therefrom, and the Soundings; am

Creature living in the Sea, shall hi

which Log Book, so to be kept as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, at the Time of his making a Report of such Ship or Vessel, to the Collector of the Customs at any Port in Great Britain, where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, on her Return from the said Fishery, for his Inspection and Examination; and the said Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, together with the Mate thereof, shall jointly and severally verify on Oath the Contents of such Log Book before such Collector, who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Ship or Vessel shall, in the Course of her Voyage, meet or fall in with any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of her, shall and is hereby requirePto produce to the Captain, or other Officer commanding such Ship or Vessel of War, the said Log Book, so to be kept as aforesaid; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, and is hereby required to make a Memorandum in such Log Book of the Day on which it was so produced to him, and shall subscribe his Name to such Memorandum, and shall also make an Entry in the Log Book of the said Ship or Vessel of War, of the Name and Description of the Ship or Vessel on board of which the Log Book of such Ship or Vessel, so produced to and signed by him. was kept; and in case such Ship or Vessel, on board of which a Log Book is required to be kept as aforesaid, shall put into any Foreign Port, where there is or shall be a British Consul, or other chief British Officer, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall and is hereby required to produce such Log Book to such British Consul, or other chief British Officer, who shall and is hereby required also to make a Memorandum therein of the Day on which it was so produced to him, and shall, in like Manner, subscribe the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master, Mate, and two of the Mariners belonging to every such Ship or Vessel, unless by Reason of some unavoidable Accident, Proof whereof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the Officers of the Customs herein after mentioned, two Mariners cannot be procured, and then the Master and Mate, shall, and are hereby required, upon the Importation into Great Britain of any Oil or Head Matter as being taken on the Fishery aforesaid, to declare upon Oath, before two or more of the principal Officers of the Customs at the Ports of their Arrival respectively, of which the Collector shall be /rotn what Port, and the Time so imported, is the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, actually and bona fide taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel only, at the Times, and in the Latitudes respectively mentioned, and set down in the Log Book so to be kept as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel whatever, fitted out as aforesaid, for the Purpose of obtaining some one or other of the Premiums granted by this Act, shall knowingly receive or permit, or suffer to be received on board such Ship or Vessel, for the Purpose of obtaining any one of the tiid Premiums, any Oil, Head Matter, or any other Produce whatever, of any Whale or Whales, or other Fish or Creatures living in the Seas, which Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, shall not have been really and bona fide caught and taken by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel only, such Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; one Moiety of which Sum shall, on Recovery thereof, be paid to the Person or Persons discovering the same, provided such Person or Persons shall give Information of the Offence within one Month after such Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall have reported his Ship or Vessel at the Custom-house at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall return from the said Fishery; which Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, is hereby required to make such Report in the usual Time, and in the Manner in which all trading Ships or Vessels are reported before the proper Officers of the Customs; and the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall, and is and are hereby authorized and required, in case, at the Time such Information shall be given, any Sum or Sums of Money shall be due from him or them to such Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, to keep and detain such Sum or Sums of Money, and to nay the same (towards discharging the said Penalty) to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall so return from such Fishery; and if such Owner or Owners shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to, or shall otherwise account for, such Sum or Sums of Money with any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, before the Expiration of one Month after the Report shall have been (o made at the Custom-house as aforesaid, and such Master or other Person shall be liable to the Penalty aforesaid, such Owner or Owners shall make good such Sum or Sums of Money so paid, or otherwise accounted for. and shall pay the same towards discharging the aforesaid Penalty into the Hands of the Collector, or

rincipal Officer of the Customs, in Manner before directed.

, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Whale or Whales, or Creatures living in the Seas, shall be caught or taken in any Part of the Ocean, to the Northward of Equator, by the Crew of any of the fifteen Ships or Vessels to which Premiums are given in Manner

ire mentioned, or to the Northward of the thirty-sixth Degree of South Latitude, by the Crew of any 35 Geo. III. Y of

£vp:

161

be regularly kept, and deliver cd to the Collector of the Customs at the Port of Arrival, verified on Oath.

The Log Book

to be produced to the Captain of any-Ship of War that may be met at Sea, who shall make therein a Memorandum of the Production; and to the British Consul at any Foreign Port, for the like Purposo*

Oath to be made that thr

Cargo is the Produce of Creatures killed by the Ship’*

Crew.

Persons taking Part of the Cargo of other Vessels for the Purpose of obtaining a Premium, forfeit 500l. one Moiety to the Informer, if Information be given in a Month after Report at the

Cuilom house*

When Information has been given, Owners to pay Money due to Mailers to the Collectors of the Customs; and if paid otherwise,

to be accountable for tiic same.

Produce of Whales caught in particular

Latitudes on the Voyage, to

be deemed P.wt - ‘I P

f»W,1 I,

162

of the Quantity entitling to a

Premium-

Commissioners of the Customs may order Payment of the

Premiums*

No Premium to be_paid, unless claimed in a limited Time,

Ships permitted to sail to the East of Good Hope, &c.

Restrictions in their Course.

Ships failing to the East of Good Hope, &c. to takes Licence from the India Company.

Conditions on which such Licences are to be granted.

India Company pot obliged to grant Licence to sail round thtf Cape of Good Hope, unless Bond be given with certain Condition i.

C. 92.

tricesimo quinto

795

of the five Ships or Vessels to which other Premiums are also given, in Manner before mentioned, or in anyr

Part of the Atlantic Ocean by the Crew of the eight Ships or Vessels, going round or doubling Cape Hem, either on the Voyage out or Return home, of any such Ship or Vessel, the Oil or Head Matter produced from such Whale or Whales, or other Creatures fo caught or taken, shall be accounted, and considered, anal taken to be Part of the Quantity of Oil and Head Matter required to be taken and imported as aforesaid, to entitle the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel to someone of the Premiums herein-before granted/; provided it shall appear by the Log Book of such Sh:p or Vessel, so kept as aforesaid, that such Ship or Vessel hath actually failed beyond, and been bona fide employed in the Fishery, either to the Southward of the Equator* or to the Southward of thirty-six Degrees of South Latitude, or during the Space ot four Months to the Weft ward of Cape Horn, as the Case may be.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case all and every the several Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, prescribed and directed by this Act, shall have been observed and fully comr

out of any Money in his Hands, arising by any Duties under their Management, to such Person or Persons as shall be legally entitled thereto, any of the Premiums herein-before granted.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Premium granted by virtue of any

Act or Acts of Parliament for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, for or on Account of any Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery, unless the Premium shall be claimed within two Months from the Time of the Crew being muflered inwards, by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and such Claim shall be made in Writing* by Application from the Owner or Owners of every Ship or Vessel, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Cuf*. toms in England and Scotlatai’ respectively, and also, unless it shall, within one Month after such Lime for making the Claim, be made appeal that the Requisites of Law have been complied with. "

XV. ill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel, employed in carrying on the said Southern Whale Fishery, to fail and pass for that Purpose to the Eastward of the Cate of Good Hope, and to the Westwardof Cape Horn, or through the Streights of Ala-gellan \ any Law, Usage or Custom,’ to the contrary notwithstanding,

XIX. Provided always, and be it further dialed, That any Ship or Vessel failing to the Eastward of the

Cape of Good Hope, for the Purpose aforesaid, shall not fail or pass to the Northward of the Equator, nor make more than fifty-one Degrees of East Longitude from London; and that any Ship or Vessel so failing or passing to the Weft ward of Cape Horn, or through the Streights of Magellan, for the Purpose aforesaid, shall not, either to the Northward or Southward of the Equator, make more than one hundred and eighty Degrees of Weft Longitude from London. "STB

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery, and intending to fail or pass to the haft ward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the Westward of Cape Horny or through the Streights of Magellan, shall, before (he shall proceed on her Voyage, be obliged to take a Licence for each respective Voyage, from the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Inches, for the Time being, in the Name and under the Seal of the said Company, specifying which of the said Voyages such Ships shall be licensed to perform, and such Licence shall be valid an 1 effectual only for the Voyage therein expressed; and the said Court of Directors shall not be required to grant any Licence to pass to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope* to more than ten Ships or Vessels in any one Year or Season, or to grant any Licence to any Ship or Vessel to fail or pass to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, unless the Person or Persons apply ing for, or demanding such Licence, shall deliver to the said Court of Directors a Manifest or Certificate under the Hand of the Collector or Comptroller, or other chief Officer of the Customs belonging to the Port or Place from whence such Ship or Vessel is intended to clear out and fail, verified by the Oath of the Owner or Owners, or the Master of such Ship or Vessel, taken before and attested by any Magistrate, or other Person authorized by Law to take Affidavits, specifying the Names and Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners, and Master of the said Ship, and also the Species, Quantity, Quality, and Value of all Goods then on board of such Ship or Vessel, and of ail Goods (if any) intended to be afterwards taken into, or on board of the same, before her Departure outwards; and also unless it shall, by such Manifest or Certificate, appear unto the said Court of Directors, that no Goods or Merchandizes whatever (save and except the Stores of such Ship or Vessel, and the Tackle, Materials, and other Things necessary for the Purpose of the Voyage) are taken, or intended to be a ken, into or on board of such Ship or Vessel.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies*shall not be required or obliged to grant any Licence, for any Ship or Vessel to fail to or pass within the Limits of their exclusive Trade round the Cape of Good Hope, until the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or the major Part of such Owners, if there shall be more than one Owner, shall have entered into and executed a Bond to the said United Company in the Penalty of two thousand Pounds, with a Condition to be thereunder written for Payment to the said United Company of the Sum of one thousand Pounds as a Forfeiture to the Use of the said United Company, over and above the Forfeitures and Penalties herein-mentioned, in case any Goods or Merchandize whatsoever (other than an*| except the Stores of such Ship or Vessel, and the Tackle, Materials, and other Things, necessary for the Purpose of the Voyage) shall be taken into or put on board such Ship or Vessel for or upon her Outward Voyage; or in case such Ship or Vessel shall have taken on board, in any Part of the Voyage homeward, before

her Arrival in Great Britain, any Goods or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of thj?

Ea/i

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92.

I ifl I idtes, or any Islands, Ports, Havens, Coasts, Cities, Towns, and Places, between the Cape of Good

J; and the Streights of Magellan, to the Value of one hundred Pounds or upwards, computing the same

a residing to the Value in England, except such Provisions, Stores, or Clothing, as it may at any Time

d ing the Voyage have become necessary for the said Ship’s Crew to take on board for the sole Ule of the L J Crew.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel to be employed in the said Southern Whale Fishery, to the Faftward of the Cape of Good Hope, or the We ft ward 6f Cape Horn, (halt proceed or go beyond the Limits herein-before lpe&ified or expressed, unless driven or forced beyond the same by Stress of v eather, or other inevitable Accident, or being so driven or forced, shall not return back within the Limits herein-before prescribed, with as much convenient Speed as the Safety of the Ship or other Circum-ira.ices will admit; or if any Ship or Vessel shall depart from any Port or Place without having first obtained {den Licence as aforesaid, and shall go or be found beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or beyond the Streights £' Magellan, or in any other Place within the Limits of the said Company’s exclusive Trade; or if any Ship or Vessel, being so licensed to proceed to the Fishery beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall have on board, or shall take on board before her Return, any Manufactures, Goods, or Merchandize, other than and except such as shall have been specified and described in and by such Manifest or Certificate, and other than and except the Oil, Head Matter, or Bone of Whales, or other Fish or Creatures caught or taken in carrying on the said Fishery; every such Ship or Vessel, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Ffredts, on board the same, and the Owner and Owners, Adafter and Crew thereof, shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be subjc& to the several Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by any Act or Acts, made or imposed upon any Person or Persons, or their Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, who shall repair, fail, adventure, or go to, or traffick, trade, or be found in the East Indies, or ether Place or Places within the Limits of the said Lhiited Company’s exclusive Trade, without Licence having been first obtained from the said Company; and the Offenders shall and may be sued and prosecuted, and the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred shall and may be recovered, in any Court of Justice in Great Britain or in the East Indies, wherein Suits may be instituted and brought for Offences committed against (he said Acts, or any of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Thing shall be done by any Ship or Vessel licensed as aforesaid, or by the Owner or Owners, Master or Crew thereof, in any Way respecting the Rights and Privileges of the said United Company, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Owner or Owners of the said Ship or Vessel shall not afterwards be entitled to require, nor shall the said United Company be obliged to grant or give to them, or any of them, any future Licence for the same, or for any other Ship or Vessel, to proceed within the Limits of the said Company’s exclusive Trade.

I

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel, to be licensed by the said United Company as aforesaid, shall touch at the Island of Saint Helena, or shall be found within the Limits before described, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor of Saint Helena, the Commander of any Ship or Vessel belonging to or in the Service of the said Company, or any Person authorized or deputed by them respectively, or to and for any Agent specially authorized or deputed for that Purpose by the said Company, and residing at any Place within the Limits before described, to search and examine such licensed Ship or Vessel, to fee if any Goods or Merchandizes shall be on board her contrary to the Provisions of this Act; and in case any such Goods or Merchandizes shall be found in or onboard of such Ship or Vessel on such Search or Examination, the same shall be forfeited to the said United Company, and the Owner or Owners, and Master, of the said Ship or Vessel, shall be liable to all other Penalties and Forfeitures for trading contrary to the said Company’s Charteis; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Linked Company, and the Persons aforesaid on the Behalf and for the Use of the said Company, to seize and take away such Goods and Merchandizes to and for the Use of the said United Company, and to fend them Home to the said United Company, or to sell and dispose thereof to the Use of the said Company, as they shall think fit.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within thirty Days next after the Return of any Ship or Vessel from a Pithing Voyage to the Faftward of the Cape of Good Hope, the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Secretary of the said United Company, for the Use of the said Court of Directors, a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, belonging to the Port or Place where the said Ship or Vessel shall arrive, verified by the Oath of the said Master, taken before and attested by any Magistrate or other Person authorized by Law to take Affidavits, that no Goods or Merchandizes whatever of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Place or Places in the East Indies, China, or elsewhere between the Gibe of Good Hope and the Streights of Magellan, except Oil, Head Matter, or Bone of Whales or other Ki(h, Ambergris, or Seal Skins, have been taken on board such Ship or Vessel during the said Voyage; but in case any such Goods and Merchandizes shall have been taken on board the said Ship or Vessel during the said Voyage, then the said Certificate shall specify the Species, Quantity, Quality, and Value of all such Goods and Merchandizes, and the Cause or Reason of taking the same on board; and the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall not be entitled to any Bounty under the Authority of this Act, until such Certificate as afoie-la*d shall have been delivered to the said Secretary, and such Delivery shall have been proved by a Production of his Receipt for the same.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Vessel intending to navigate within, or frequent any Part of the Seas comprized in the Boundaries of the exclusive Trade of the South Sea Company, as described in and by an Act of the ninth of her late Majesty Quern jdW, shall, before (he shall proceed on every such Voyage, be obliged to take a Licence for such Voy age

Ships failing out of their Limits or having improper Merchandize on board, liable to the Penalties of trading to the East indies without Licence:

If any Thing be done contrary to this Act, the Owners of the Ship not entitled to a future Licence from the Company.

Ships touching at St. Helena maybe examined, and unli-confed Goods seized.

Certificates to

be delivered to the Secretary of the East India Company, that no Produce of the La ft indie* has been imported, to entitle to a Premium.

Ships failing w.thm the Limits of the South Sea Company, ipuft

i6±

C. 92.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795

have Licence from the Company.

Ships may be furnished with Arms and Ammunition on Licence from the Admiralty.

Admiralty may grant such Licences oh certain Conditions

No Ship entitled to more than one Fre-

mium the fime Season.

No Premium to be allowed to Vessels cleared out after Jan. 1, 1796, unless certified to have been visited on clearing out, &c.;

nor unless registered.

If Water be mixed with the Oil, &c. imported, it shall be forfeited, as well as the Claim to Premium.

In case of Dif-putc, the Owner to prove the Purity of the Oil.

The Quantity of Oil,&c. imported to be ascertained by the Officer of the Customs, and certified to the Commissioners.

No Harpooner, dec. to beim-pressed.

from the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery; and every Vessel navigating such Seas, without such Licence* shall be liable to such Forfeitures and Penalties as are created and enacted by the said Act; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared out as aforesaid, for the Purpose of doubling the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, or passing through the Streights of Magellan, not being of less than two hundred Tons Burthen, to be properly furnished with Arms and Ammunition for Resistance and Defence; provided the Owner or Owners of such Ships or Vessels, before clearing out, shall obtain a Licence from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, authorizing the same,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to grant such Licence for arming, in such Cases as to him or them shall seem fit and proper; provided that there shall have been exhibited ro him or them a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, (which Certificate they are hereby authorized and required to give,) testifying that such Ship or Vessel is entered out for the Purpose of doubling the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, or passing through the Streights of Magellan \ and provided also that the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall have entered into a Bond, with two sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of one thousand Pounds, with Condition that such Arms and Ammunition shall not be used for any unlawful Purpose, but merely for Resistance and Defence in Cases of involuntary Hostility.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel whatever shall be entitled, within or during the Periods of Time respectively limited by this Adlfor such Ship or Vessel to fail on and to return from such Voyage, to more than one of the Premiums hereby granted, although such Ship or Vessel shall make two Voyages within any one of the Periods aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Premium whatever, granted by this Act, shall be paid and allowed to the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel which shall clear out after the first Day of January in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six on the said Fishery, unless it shall appear, by Certificates from the proper Officers of the Customs, that such Ship or Vessel was visited and the Crew by them respectively rouftered, as well before the clearing out of such Ship or Vessel for the said Fishery, as on her Return to any Port in Great Britain: any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel which, after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be fitted or cleared out for the said Fishery, shall be entitled to any of the Premiums granted by this Act, unless such Ship or Vessel shall have been duly registered pursuant to the Terms and Directions of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the Return of every Ship or Vessel from the Fisheries aforesaid, in which Ship or Vessel any Oil or Head Matter shall be imported, and on Account of which Importation any of the Premiums herein-before granted shall be claimed or demanded, in case there shall be any Keafon tofuipedl that such Oil or Head Matter is mixed with Water, or any other Material or Materials, in order to increase the Quantity thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector, or other principal Officer or Officers of the Customs, at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall so return, to nominate and appoint, and such Collector, or other principal Officer or Officers, is and are hereby required to nominate and appoint, one or more ‘(as the Case may require) skilful Person or Persons to examine such Oil or Head Matter, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether such Oil or Head Matter has been mixed with any Water, or any other Material or Materials whatever, (other than Oil or Head Matter so taken as aforesaid,) whereby the Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter is increased; and if it shall appear, upon such Examination, that there has been mixed with such Oil or Head Matter any Water, or any other Material whatever, whereby the Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter is increased, the Owner or Ownei s shall not be entitled to any of the Premiums granted by this Act; and over and above the Loss of the Premium, such Oil or Head Matter, so mixed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs; and if any Dispute shall arise whether there hath been mixed with such Oil or Head Matter any Water, or any other Material or Materials whatever, not being Oil or Head Matter so taken as aforesaid, whereby the Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter is increased, then and in such Case the Proof thereof shall lie on the Owner or Claimer of such Oil or Head Matter, or on the Person or Persons claiming the Premium on account of the Importation of such Oil or Head Matter, and not on the Officer who shall seizeor prosecute the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any of the Premiums granted by this Act shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, the exact Quantity of Ou and Head Matter taken together, imported in such Ship or Vessel, shall be truly ascertained by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and such Quantity shall be certified by them to the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Harpooner, Line Manager, or Boat Steerer, belonging to any Ship or Vessel, fitted out on the aforesaid Fishery, shall be impressed from the said Service, but shall be, and is hereby privileged and exempt from being impressed, so long as he shall

belong to and be employed on board any Ship or Vessel whatever in the Fishery aforesaid.

9

t

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Boat used as and commonly called a Whale Boat) belonging to any Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery, shall be liable to Seizure for or on Account of her Built, Dimensions, or Construction, provided, on the Return of such Ship or Vessel from the Fishery, such Boat shall be laid up by the Owner thereof, in such Place or Places as shall be approved of by the principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs of the Port at which such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, and shall not be employed or made use of in any Way whatever but in the said Fishery.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, not exceeding forty Families, not being Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, who has or have been heretofore employed in carrying on the said Whale bifliery, and being the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, and intending to reside together with his or their Families (not exceeding forty Families in the Whole) in this Kingdom, for the Purpose of continuing to carry on such Fishery from thence, shall, on or before the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eigfit, come to the Port of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, with his or their bamily or families, and shall bring any Shipor Vessel, or any Number of Ships or Vessels, not exceeding twenty in the Whole, to the said Port of Milford, built before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and manned severally with any Number of Seamen or Fishermen, not less than twelve in Number, having been heretofore employed in carrying on the said Fishery; and it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four of them, by the Oath (or Affirmations of the People called Quakers) of such Owners respectively, (which Oath or Affirmations the said Commissioners, or the principal Officers in the new Port of Milford, or any two of them, the Collector being one, are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to administer,) and by other Means, that he or they have been so employed in carrying on the said Fishery for three Years previous to his or their Arrival; and that he or they, together with his or their Family, (if any they shall have,) are then actually resident in this Kingdom; and that twelve such Seamen, or Fishermen, at the least, are brought into Great Britain in every such Ship; and the same shall be certified by the said Commissioners to his Majesty; it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to allow the Cargoes of Oil or Head Matter, and Fins, or other Parts of Animals frequenting the Sea, imported in any such Ships or Vessels, not exceeding twenty in the Whole, which shall arrive from a Fishing Voyage, to be admitted to Entry on Payment of the same Duty as Oil, Head Matter, and Fins of British Fishing, and to a»*ow any Goods, Furniture, and Stock, which shall be necessary to their Whaling Outfit, and which shall be Part of the Property of the said Owner or Owners imported in any such Ships or Vessels, and arriving from the late Residence of the said Owners, to be admitted to an Entry without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Owner or Owners of such Shipor Vessel as shall be allowed to enter a Cargo on the British instead of the Foreign Duty, shall give Bond to the Commissioners of the Customs to the full Amount of the Difference between the two Duties, that he or they will reside during three Years in Great Britain, and will not absent himself or themselves from the Kingdom during that Term without Leave of his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, except on the Prosecution of a Fishing Voyage from and to this Kingdom.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons not being a Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, and being the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel so admitted to Entry as aforesaid, shall fit out the said Ship or Vessel for a Whaling Voyage from the Port oiMilford, in the County of Pembroke, and shall go before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Pembroke, or before the principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs in the new Port of Milford, and shall take the Oath of Allegiance to his Majesty, and shall obtain a Certificate of his having taken such Oath, which Oath and Certificate such Justice of the Peace, and Officer of the Customs respectively, are hereby authorized and required to administer and give, on Payment of no greater Fee than two Shillings, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order such Ship or Vessel to be registered, and to have a Certificate of Registry in the same Manner as any British Ship or Vessel; and every such Ship or Vessel shall, during the Time that such Owner or Owners shall continue to have his or their Refulence, together with his or their Family or families, within this Kingdom, or during the Time that such Ship or Vessel shall be owned by any natural-born Subject or Subjects of this Kingdom, and shall be duly registered, enjoy all the Privileges and Advantages, and be entitled to all the Bounties and Premiums, granted to any British Ship or Vessel employed in the Whale Fishery, subject nevertheless to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures; and every such Person and Persons shall have and enjoy the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, of natural-born Subjects of Great Britain, in like Manner, and subject to the like Disabilities, as the same may be granted to Aliens by a special Act of Parliament: Provided always, that such Owner or Owners, not being a Subject or Subjects of his Majesty shall prove in the Manner directed in an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, by taking the Oath, or making, if a Quaker, the Declaration herein after mentioned, instead of the Oath required by the said Act, that he or they is or are sole Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel; and shall also conform to all the other Regulations respecting Registry contained in the said last mentioned Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Oath or Declaration, before directed to be taken by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such Ship or Vessel, shall be in the Form and Manner following, as far as the same is applicable to each or either of them:

1 A.B. of [Place of Residence and Occupation], do make Oath [$r, do declare] that the Ship or Vessel

[Name] of [Port or Place] whereof [Maftefs Name] is at present Mailer, being [Kind of Builty

Burthen, etcetera, as described in the Certificate of the Surveying Officer]) was [when and where buiity I ikr' r i* 4 and

.16S

Whale Boats not liable to Seizure on Account of Built, if u fed only in the Fishery.

Forty Foreigners, with their Families, who have carried on the Whale Fishery, coming to Milford by Dec. 31, 1798, to reside in the Kingdom, and bringing not more than 20 VeflVls, built before Jan. 1, 1795, may be permitted xo\ import Oil, Sec4 on certain Conditions:

Soch Ships fitted out from Milford fora Whaling Voyage, may be registered as British ones, on the Owners taking the Oath of Allegiance.

Such Owners to make Oath as to their sole Property in Vessels.

Oath to be in the following Form.

Persons granting or using lalfe Certificates, or counterfeiting Certificates, forfeit .5001.

How Penalties a re to be appreciated

I

General Issue

[Treble Costs.]

Convention between his Majesty and the Emperor of Germany of May 4, 1795, recited.

C. 92, 93. Anno tricesimo quinrto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

and when and where it came into this Kingdom]; and that I the said A.B. [or the other Owners Names, 4 and Occupations, if any, and where they respectively refule, videlicet, Town, Place, Parish, and County, or if Member of and Resident in any Factory in Foreign Parts, or in any Foreign Town or City, being an Agent for a Partner in any House or Copartnership, afttiaily carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland, 'the Name of such Factory, Foreign Town, or City, and the Names of such House or Copartnership], am [or, are] sole Owner or Owners] of the said Vessel, and that no other Person or Persons whatever hath or have any Right, Title, Interest, Share, or Property, therein or thereto, and [if a Brititk Subject], that I the said A.B. [and the said other Owners, if any] am or was [or are or were] truly and bona fide a Subject or Subjects] of Great Britain; and that I the said A.B. have not [nor have any of the other Owners, to the Best of my Knowledge and Belief] taken the Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign State whatever; [except under the Terras of feme Capitulation, describing the Particulars thereof ]; or that, since my taking [or his or their taking] the Oath of Allegiance to [naming the Foreign States respectively to which he or any of the said Owners shall have been Subject or Subjects], and prior to the passing of an Act, in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the further In- crease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, I have [or he or they hath or have] become a 1 Subject or Subjects] of Great Britain 5 [either by his Majesty's Letters Patent, as a Denizen or Denizens, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, as the Case may be, naming the Dates of the Letters ef Denization, or the Act or Acts of Parliament for Naturalization respectivels f or [as the Case may be] 1 have [or he or they hath or have] become a Denizen or Denizens], or naturalized Subject or Subjects [as the Case may 4 be] of Great Britain, by his Majesty's Letters Patent, or by an Act of Parliament pasted since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, [naming the Tunes when such Letters of De- nization have been granted respectively, or the Tear or Tears in which such Act or Acts of Naturalization havepajfed respectivelyj] or [if not a British Subject] that I A.B. and the other Owners, if any, being a Subject or Subjects of feme Foreign State, [speccifying the State,] have come into and am [or are] now resident in this Kingdom, [describing the Particulars thereof as to the Place and Date,] and intend to reside therein, and have taken the Oath, or, being a Quaker, have made a Declaration, of Fidelity and Allegiance to his Majesty the King of Great Britain, [describing the Times when, the Place where, and before whom taken,] and that no Foreigner, not having complied with the Conditions above-mentioned, directly or indirectly, hath any Share, or Part, or Interest, in the said Ship or Vessel.*

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall knowingly give or grant any falle Certificate or Certificates, for any of the Purposes required or di-reded by this Act, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office whatever: And if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falfpy, any Certificate or Certificates required by this Act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any falle Certificate or Certificates, or of any Certificate or Certificates so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and every such Certificate or Certificates shall be invalid and of no Effect.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures infiided by this Act (except in such Cales where other Directions are given by this Act) shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other iMoiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall sue or prosecute for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at l'/cjlminfcr, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotlandrefpedirely, where the Offence shall be committed.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons whatever, for any 1'hing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear lo to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants hath or have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover l’rtble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cales by Law.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for guaranteeing the payment of the Dividends on a Loan of four millions fix

hundred thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany.

[22d June 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by a Convention signed between your Majesty and the Emperor of Germany, bearing Date the fourth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, it was agreed that, in order to assist the Efforts which his Imperial Majesty was delirous of m iking, and to facilitate to him the Means of bringing forward the Resources of his Dominions in the Defence of the Common cause, your Majesty engaged to propose to your Parliament to guaranty the regular Payment of the Half-yearly Di- vidends on the Sum of four millions six hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, which was or was to be raised on Account of his Imperial Majesty, on the Terms and in the Manner specified in two Engagements oc

13 4 Oftrois

795

tricesimo quinto

i III

c*93

Oflrois annexed to the said Convention; that is to say, that every Contributor should, for every one hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal Sum of eighty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence, bearing littered at the Rate of three Pounds per Centuin per Annum, redeemable at Par; and also an Annuity of five Pounds, to continue for a certain Term of twenty-five Years, from thefird Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and then to cease; the said Interest and Annuities to commence from the fird Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and to be paid half-yearly at the Bank of England \ videlicet, on the fird Day of May and the fird Day of November in every Year by equal Portions: And whereas the Subscribers to a Loan of eighteen million for the present Year have likewise agreed to advance and lend, unto his Imperial Majesty, the Whole of the aforesaid Sum of four millions six hundred thousand Pounds, on the Terms and Conditions above referred to or expressed; and have agreed to advance the same, provided the regular Payment of the Dividends to grow due thereon shall be guaranteed by Parliament: And whereas we, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have resolved that Provision be made for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on the said Loan of four millions six hundred thousand Pounds, on Account of the Emperor, conformably to the said Convention May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Contributor toward'* raising the said Sum of eighteen millions, raised by virtue of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of eighteen millions by way of Annuities, shall be entitled to subscribe towards the said Loan to the Emperor, for every one hundred Pounds agreed to be contributed and usiu to yards raising the said eighteen millions, the Sum of twenty-five Pounds eleven-Shillings and one Penny, and one third Part of a Penny; and that, on Default of Payment of the Interest and Annuity fli-pulated to be paid on the Part of the Emperor, as herein is mentioned, on the first Day of May and the first Day of November in every Year, agreeably to the Dividend Certificates to be annexed to the said Debentures and Annuity Bonds, the Amount of such Dividend Certificates shall be paid to the respective Holders at the Bank of England, on the fifth Day of July and fifth Day of January; and that the Payments so made at the Bank of England% in consequence of such Default on the Part of his Imperial Majesty, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of, the Consolidated Fund, and the same shall be payable and paid at the Bank of England on the Days herein after mentioned; that is to say, such of the said Dividends wherein Default shall be so made on the first Day of May in any Year and shall remain unsatisfied on the filth Day of July next ensuing, shall be payable and paid at the Bank of England on the fifth Day of July next ensuing such Default; and such of the said Dividends wherein Default shall be so made on the first Day of November in any Year and shall remain unsatisfied on the fifth Day of January, shall be payable and paid on the fifth Day of January next ensuing: Provided always, that no such Payment shall be made until the respective Contributors towards both the Lid Loans of eighteen millions and four millions six hundred thousand Pounds, shall have completed the Whole of the respective Sums by them subscribed for the Purchase of the said several Annuities, nor until the Person or Persons entitled thereunto shall have deposited, or shall produce, from Time to Time, at the Bank of England, the Debenture or Debentures, Annuity Bond or Annuity Bonds, for securing his, her, or their Share or Interest in the principal Sums or Annuities on the said Loan of four millions six hundred thousand Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That, in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Com-

Which the

after being countersigned by or by the Authority of the said Accountant General, be fairly entered, speccifying the Number and Sum of each Debenture and Annuity Bond, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons in which the said Debentures and Annuity Bends have been filled up; and the said Accountant General shall, on or before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Bankers or Agents of the Emperor to advance and pay, to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, before or on the first Day of May and the first Day of November in every Year, the Dividends to grow due on the Whole of the Loan of the said four millions six hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall not have been redeemed or paid oft by the Emperor, for the Purpose of satisfying the Dividends to grow due on those Days respectively, or to advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers such

tny of the Bank of England for the Time being, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in whic chentures and Annuity Bonds, to be issued by the Bankers or Agents for his Imperial Majesty, shall.

of such Half Year on such Loan, and of the Deficiency (if any) in the Sums remitted to them, or in their Hands, for the Purpose aforesaid, together with the Amount of the principal Sums and Interest thereon, wh:ch the Emperor may have redeemed or repurchased of the said Loan, in pursuance of the Provisions contained in the Convention before mentioned; and if the Whole of the half-yearly Dividends shall not be paid, to the said Cashier or Cashiers, on or before the Day on which the same shall be payable to the respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators Successors, or Assigns, according to the Stipulations before mentioned, the said Cashier or Cashiers shall, on the Day next afterwards, certify the lame to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, which Certificate shall be by them transmitted under their Seal to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Tceasurer

Contributors to the Loan, by virtue of Act 35 Geo. III.

C p 14, may fuhf.r<be to the

Lo.ii tothcFm-peroi; anc! cn Failure of his paying the Intersil and Annuities, the same to bt paid at the Bank, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund, but not till Subscrip-tiens to both Loans are completed, and Debentures produced.

Bank to provide a Book for entering Debentures and Annuity Bonds, and a Duplicate to be tranQnU-ted to the Auditor of the Exchequer.

Agents of the Emperor may pay to the Bank

the Dividends due on the Lear, an shall deliver Accounts of Sums to g:ow due half-yearly, &c. and if the whole Dividends be not paid,'the Cashier to certify the l>.me to the Directors, which shall e trarsmitted so the Treasury, who shall caufo the D» ficitrcy to be ITued iron the Consolidated Fund, &c.

168

H

0

Treasury to lay before Parliament an Account of the Sums issued, and what has been repaid by the Emperor.

Debentures and Annuity Bonds issued in the Name of the Emperor, may be entered at the Bank, and transferred.

No Stamp Duties to be charged for Debentures, &c.

Penalty for forging Debentures, Annuity Bonds, Letter&j of Attorney,

I

C. 93. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

surer for the Time being, shall, and they and he are and is hereby empowered, in pursuance of such Certificate, to cause to be issued, within the Time herein-before limited, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, out of the Consolidated Fund, in case the necessary Provision shall not, in the mean Time, be made on the Part of his Imperial Majesty, the Amount of the Deficiency so certified, receiving from the said Governor and Company the Tallies or Certificates of the Sums so paid on Account of such Dividends, according to the Intent and Meaning of the Convention between his Majesty and the Emperor before mentioned, in order that his Majesty may be enabled to recover the same, with Iniereft, in the Manner therein specified.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer

for the Time being, shall cause to be prepared, and shall lay before both Houses of Parliament, within fourteen Days after the Commencement of every Session, an Account of the total Sums from Time to Time issued and applied, by virtue of this Act, towards paying and satisfying the Dividends to grow due on the said Loan of four millions six hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, and also an Account of all Sums repaid by or recovered from or on Behalf of the Emperor by reason of such Advances, together with the interest paid or recovered thereon.

V. And whereas, in pursuance of the said Convention, certain Debentures and Annuity Bonds are to be issued in the Name of his Imperial Majesty, by his said Imperial Majesty's Bankers or Agents resident in this Kingdom, for securing the principal Sums, interest, and Annuity on the said Loan;’ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the said Debentures or Annuity Bonds, or any Part or Parcel thereof, being lodged at the Bank of England, to authorize and direct their Accountant General for the Time being to keep Books, wherein the Persons so depositing such Debentures and Annuity Bonds, or any of them, shall be credited for the Amount of the interest, according to the principal Sums contained in the said Debentures, and of the Annuities contained in the said Annuity Bonds, and wherein all Alignments or Transfers of the principal Sums, interest, and Annuities of the Debentures and Annuity Bonds respectively so deposited, or of any Part or Parcel thereof, shall be entered and registered in such Manner as the said Governor and Company shall direct, which Entries shall be signed by the Parties making such Alignments or Transfers, or, if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, in Writing, under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made shall respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof by themselves, or by their respective Attorney or Attornies, thereunto lawfully authorized as aforesaid, and that no other Method of aligning and transferring at the Bank of England the principal Sums, interest, and Annuities of the Debentures and Annuity Bonds, that shall befo deposited at the Bank of England, or any Part or Parcel thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in Law for the Purpose of claiming or demanding any Dividend, interest, or Annuity, for or on Account of such Debenture or Annuity Bonds as shall be deposited at the Bank of England as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Debentures or Annuity Bonds, nor on any of the Alignments or Transfers thereof, at the Bank of England, nor on any Receipt given for or upon the Payment of the said Loan, or any Part thereof, or of the interest, Annuities, or Dividends, to grow due thereon; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any Debenture or Debentures, Annuity Bond or Annuity Bonds, purporting to entitle any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, to any principal Sum or the interest thereon, or any Annuity or Dividend for or on Account of the said Loan of four millions six hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, or by virtue of this Act, or shall wilfully deliver to, or deposit with the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Debenture or Debentures, Annuity Bond or Annuity Bonds, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intention to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any Letter of Attorney or other Authority or Instrument, or any Indorsement on any such Debenture or Debentures, Annuity Bond or Annuity Bonds, to transfer or assign any such Debenture or Debentures, or Annuity Bond or Annuity Bonds, as aforesaid, or any principal Sum or Sums placed in the Name of any Person or Persons whomsoever in the Books of the Bank of England, as herein mentioned, or any Part of such Sum or Sums, or to receive any such interest. Annuity, or Dividend, as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or of any of them, or shall forge or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully aci or assist in forging or counterfeiting, the Name or Names of any of the Proprietors of any of the said Debentures or Annuity Bonds, or of any of the said principal Sums, interest. Annuities, or Dividends, or any Part thereof, or of any of them, in or to any such pretended Letter of Attorney, Indorsement, Authority, or Instrument, or shall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive, any such principal Sum or Sums, or any Part thereof, or of any of them, or any such Annuities, interest, or Dividends, of any of them, by virtue of any such counterfeited or forged Letter of Attorney, Indorsement, Authority, or Instrument, or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Debenture or Debentures, Annuity Bond or Annuity Bonds, or of any of such principal Sums as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, or of any of such Annuities, interest, or Dividends as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, and thereby assign or transfer, or endeavour to assign or transfer, the said Debenture or Debentures,

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. 169

Debentures, Annuity Bond or Annuity Bonds, or any of them, or the said principal Sums or any of them, or any Part thereof, or of any of them, or thereby receive or endeavour to receive any of the said Annuities, Interest, or Dividends, or any Part thereof, or of any of them, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, Interest, or Dividend, herein mentioned, or any Indorsement on any Warrant for Payment of any such Annuity, Interest, or Dividend, or shall offer, dispose of, or put away, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Warrant, for Payment of any Annuity, Interest, or Dividend, as aforesaid, or any Warrant for such Payment, with such forged, counterfeited, or altered Indorsement thereon, or demand the Money therein contained, or any Part thereof, of the said Governor ami Company of the Bank of England, or any their Officers or Servants, knowing such Warrant for Payment of any such Annuity, Interest, or Dividend, as aforesaid, or the Indorsement on any such Warrant for Payment of any such Annuity, Interest, or Dividend, as afore-foid, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or*any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, every Person or Persons so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy. '

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for establishing a moreeafy and expeditious Method for the punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's Navy.

[22d June 1795.]

WHEREAS it would tend greatly to the Comfort and Accommodation of certain Officers in his Majesty's Navy if a more easy and expeditious Mode was established for Payment of their Wages or Pay be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-. font of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for Officers, Maf-every Commissioned Officer, Master, and Surgeon, in the Naval Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and ters.and Sur-Successors, being on Half Pay, and who shall be appointed to command or serve on board any Ship or Vef- 8eons>on Half fel of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, after receiving his Commission or Warrant of Appointment, l>ay> ap-to apply to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy for an Order from them upon the Treasurer of the may receive Navy to pay such Officer the Arrears of Half Pay that may be due to him at the Time, providing no Im- their Arrears of prest (lands against him; and the said Commissioners of the Navy, or any three of them, shall, upon such Half Pay. Application being made to them, and being satisfied that such Officer has been appointed as aforesaid, and that no Imprest stands against him, or that such Imprest is cleared and' satisfied, make out, or cause to be made out, an Order upon the Treasurer of the Navy for the Arrears of Half Pay due to such Officer, and upon such Order being presented, together with the usual Affidavit and other Documents in such Cases required, by the Person in whose Favour the said Order is drawn, or by his lawful Attorney or Assigns, to the reasurer of the Navy, he shall immediately, if satisfied of the Identity of the Person presenting the same, or of the Authority of the Instruments upon which the same shall be claimed, pay, or cause to be paid, at the Pay Office of the Navy, the Sum in such Order contained.

II. And be it enacted, That any Commissioned Officer in the Naval Service of his Majesty, his Heirs Officers on Apa and Successors, having no Imprest (landing out against him, a Certificate of which he shall obtain from pointmentsto the Commissioners of the Navy, may apply, if the Ship or Vessel to which he shall have been so appointed s,liPs aP* as aforesaid shall be in the River Thames, to the said Commissioners of the Navy, or to the Resident Com- Monthin

missioner, if such Ship or Vefici shall he at any of the Out-Ports where a Commissioner resides, for an Or- Advance, W.

der upon the Treasurer of the Navy, to pay him the Amount of three Months Personal Wages or Pay in Ativance; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Navy, or any three of them, or for the said Resident Commissioner of the Navy, if satisfied of the Grounds of such Application, to grant such Order upon the Treasurer of the Navy, for three Months Personal Wages or Pay as aforesaid; and upon such Order being presented to the Treasurer of the Navy at his Office in London, or to his Clerks at any of the Out-Ports, the same shall be immediately paid to the Person in whose Favour it shall have been so made out as aforesaid: Provided always, that if such Officer appointed as aforesaid shall again be put upon Half Pay, from what Cause soever, and before the End or Expiration of three Months after his being so appointed, and having received Payment as aforesaid, of three Months Personal Wages or Pay in Advance, the Ume shall be placed as an Imprest against his growing Half Pay for the Amount of the Sum that may have been so advanced as aforesaid, or for such Part thereof for v;hich he shall not have served upon Full Pay.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Officers, Maf-every Commissioned Officer, Master, and Surgeon, in the Naval Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and tersandSur-Successors, who shall be upon actual Service, and be entitled to the lull Pay of such Service, at the End and »on actual Expiration of every three Months, or of every iix Months, or of every twelve Months, or of any longer ^w^dTfor Pmud, as’to such Commissioned Officer, Master, and Surgeon, shall appear proper, to draw, or cause to thcjr Pay after be drawn, a Bill, or Set of Bills, of the same Tenor and Date, in Duplicate or Triplicate, as the Case may certain Periods, require, upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, for the Net Amount of the Personal Wages or Pay

35 Geo. III. Z that

170

Officers, &c. v/hen they draw for Pay, todedu# their Debts from their Bills.

Captains to fub-scribe the Bills of Lieutenants, &c.

Officers, &c. on Removal from Ships, may draw for their Pay, if three Months are due*

Captains sent to Sick Quarters may draw for their Pay at the Expiration of six Weeks.

When Lieutenants, Scc. are sent to Sick Quarters, Cap-tams to make out an Extra# from Ship’s Books in the following Form,

to be delivered to the Officer.

If the Officer remain in Sick Quarters more than six Weeks, the Physician or

Surgeon to in-

C. 94

tricesimo auinto Georgii III.

795

justly

that shall appear to be due to him, which Bill, or Set of Bills, shall state the Rate or Description, and Name* of the Ship or Vessel to which such Officer shall belong, and his Station on board of the same, and also the full Amount of the Personal Wages or Pay which shall be due to him and the Period for which such Wages or Pay shall have accrued or become due, together with the Amount of the usual Deductions and Abatements, and other Deductions, which shall appear upon the Ship's Muster Books, to which the (lime shall be' liable, and the Net Residue of the Personal Wages or Pay so to be drawn for; and which Bill, or Set of Bills, being numbered and dated, shall be of the Form and Tenor directed in a Schedule herein contained, or to the like Effect: Provided always, that such Commissioned Officer, Master, or Surgeon, shall not be permitted, under any Authority by this Act given, to draw such Bills upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy for the first three Months after he shall have received the three Months Advance hereby authorized to be paid to him upon his entering on board his Ship.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioned Officer, Matter, or Surgeon, shall purchase dead Men’s Cloaths, or otherwise incur any Debt, which shall or may be chargeable against his Wages or Pay, such Debts or such Charges shall not be put or stand as a Deduction to be made from his Servants Pay, or from any Pay which may be allowed him as a Compensation for Servants Pay, but shall be put and (land as a Deduction, and shall be deducted from his own Personal Wages or Pay, whenever he shall draw as aforesaid upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy.

V. And be it enacted, That if the Officer drawing for his Personal Wages or Pay as aforesaid, shall be a Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, the Captain or Commander of the Ship or Vessel to which such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, shall belong, shall at the Bottom of such Bill, or Set of Bills, subscribe his Name, and also the Word approved,* in token of his Knowledge of such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, bein£

entitled to draw for such Net Amount of Personal Wages or Pay.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Commissioned Officer, Master, or Surgeon, as aforesaid, shall be removed from any Ship or Vessel, to any other Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, it shall and may be lawful to and for such. Officer to draw, or cause to be drawn, a Bill, or Set of Bills as aforesaid, upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, for the Personal Wages or Pay that shall be due to him for the Time he shall have served in the said Ship or Vessel from which he shall be so removed, up to the Day of his entering on board the Ship of Vessel to which he shall be so removed, if such Time shall amount to the Space of three Months or more i which Bill, or Set of Bills, shall contain the same Specifications as herein-before directed in Cases of Officers drawing Bills, and continuing in their Ships; and if such Officer be a Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, the Captain or Commander of the Ship or Vessel to which such Officer shall belong, shall, at the Bottom of such Bill, or Set of Bills, subscribe his Name, and the Word approved,’ in token of his Knowledge of such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, being jirftly entitled to draw for such Net Amount of his Personal Wages or Pay.

VII. And be it en«r# by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Captain or Commander shall be sent to Sick Quarters, and shall remain in such Quarters for a longer Space than six Weeks* it shall and may be in the Power of such Captain or Commander to draw, or cause to be drawn, a Bill, or Set of Bills as aforesaid, as the Case may be, upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, for the Net Amount of the Personal Wages or Pay that shall be due to him to the Day of the Expiration of six Weeks from and after his having been sent to Sick Quarters as aforesaid; which Bill, or Set of Bills, shall contain the same Specifications as are herein-before in other Cases directed.

VIII. And be it enacted, Thatifa Lieutenantt, Master, or Surgeon, be sent to Sick Quarters, the Captain or Commander of the Ship or Vessel to which he shall belong shall make out, or cause to be made out, an Extract from the Books of the same, specifying the Name and Rate or Description of such Ship or Vessel from which such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, shall be so sent to Sick Quarters, with his Station on Board, and the Amount of the Personal Wages or Pay due to him at the Time, and also the Deductions to which the same are liable, and the Date of his leaving the said Ship or Vessel; which Extra# the said Captain or Commander shall sign and certify, and the same, being written or printed, shall be of the Form and Tenor following, or to the like Effe#:

ift Rate, [Britannia> Lieutenant Thomas Bowling) sent to Sick Quarters 1st July 1794

C

__________May __ __ Mi.

Amount of Deductions per Ship’s Books

I

Net Pay £.

5 Certified by

4 A B. Captain of the

4 [Britannia.)*

And the said Extra#, being so made out, signed, and certified, shall be delivered to such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, sent to Sick Quarters as aforesaid.

IX. And, if such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, shall remain in Sick Quarters for a longer Time than six Weeks, be it enacted, That the Physician or Surgeon having Superintendance of the Sick Quarters to which the said Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, shall have been so discharged as aforesaid, shall, on the Back of such Extra# from the Ship’s Books, make out, or cause to be made out, at the End of the said fix

Weeks from and after the Time that such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, shall have been so discharged

t

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94.

from his Ship, a Certificate which shall specify the Time that he shall have been under the Care of such Physician or Surgeon at Sick Quarters; which Certificate, being written or printed, dated and signed, shall be of the Form and Tenor following, or to the like Este#:

4 [Hnjlar\ 12th April 1795. c These are to certify, that (Lieutenant Thomas Bowling) of his Majesty's Ship the [Britannia] was received into this Hospital on the Day, and not being cured,

frill remains under my Care*

X. And be it enacted, That such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, having obtained such Certificate on the Back of the Extract herein-before directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for him, at the End of the Laid Period of six Weeks, to draw, or cause to be drawn, a Bill, or Set of Bills as aforesaid, upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, for the Net Personal Wages or Pay due to him for the Time he belonged to the Ship or Vessel from which he was discharged to Sick Quarters, to the Day of the Expiration of six Weeks from and after his having been sent to Sick Quarters as aforesaid; which Bill, or Set of Bills, shall be dated from Sick Quarters, and shall contain the same Specifications herein-before directed in Cases of Officers drawing Bills, and continuing in their Ships; and the Captain or Commander of the Ship or Vessel to which such Lieutenant, Mafier, or Surgeon, last belonged, if such Ship or Vessel shall frill remain upon the same Station, shall, at the Bottom of the said Bill, or Set of Bills, as the Case may be, subscribe his Name, and also the Word approved,’ in token of his Knowledge of such Officer being justly entitled to draw for such Net Amount of Personal Wages or Pay; but if such Ship or Vessel shall have left the said Station, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Captain or Commander of any Ship or Vessel in his Majesty's Navy to subscribe his Name, and the Word approved* as aforesaid, at the Bottom of the said Bill, or Set of Bills, in token of his having examined the Extra# from the Ship’s Books, and Certificate of the Physician or Surgeon, herein-before directed to be made out, and of his Belief that such Officer is justly intrtled to draw for such Net Amount of his Personal Wages or Pay.

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Captain or Commander shall leave any Ship or Vessel In the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and remove or be removed to another Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, when there shall be less than three Months Pay due to such Captain or Commander, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Captain or Commander, at the End or Expiration of the Period of Time which will complete the Space of three Months from the Time that he shall have been last paid, or have drawn for his Personal Wages or Pay as aforesaid, to draw a Bill, or Set of Bills, upon the Commissioners of the Navy, for the Personal Wages or Pay that shall be due to him for the Period of his Service on board of the Ship or Vessel from which he had been firfr removed, as well as for the Period which he shall have served on board the Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, into which he shall have been so removed as aforesaid; which Bill, or Set of Bills, shall difringuifri the Periods of Time that such Captain or Commander shall have served on board of each of the aforesaid Ships or Vessels, and shall contain the same Specifications as are herein-before in other Cases directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when any Lieutenant, Mafrer, or Surgeon, shall be removed from any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to another Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, when less Personal Wages or Pay shall be due to him than for the Space of three Months, the Captain or Commander of the Ship or Vessel from which he shall be so removed as aforesaid, shall make out, or cause to be made out, an Extra# from the Books of such Ship or Vessel, which shall contain similar Specifications with the Extracts herein-before directed to be made out with respect to Lieutenants, Masters, or Surgeons, when sent to Sick Quarters; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, at the End and Expiration of the Period of Time which shall complete the Space of three Months from the Time that he shall have been last paid, or shall have drawn for his Personal Wages or Pay as aforesaid, to draw or cause to be drawn a Bill, or Set of Bills as aforesaid, upon the Commissioners of the Navy, for the Personal Wages or Pay that shall be due to him, as well for the Period of his Service on hoard the Ship or Vessel from which he had been firfr removed, as for the Period which he shall have served on board the Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, to which he shall have been so removed; which Bill, or Set of Bills, shall specify the Period of Time that such Lieutenant, Mafrer, or Surgeon, shall have served on board of each of the aforesaid Ships or Vessels, and shall contain the same Specifications as are herein-before in other Cases directed; and the Captain or Commander of the Ship or Vessel to which such Officer shall have been last removed, shall subscribe his Name, and the Word approved,’ to such Bill, or Set of Bills, in token of his having examined the Extra# or Extracts herein-before directed to be made out, and otherwise approving such Lieutenant’s, Master’s, or Surgeon’s, having drawn such Bill, or Set of Bills, as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioned Officer, Mafrer, and Surgeon, shall knowingly and wittingly, with an Intent to injure and defraud the Public, draw, in Manner as is herein-before specified, for his Personal Wages or Pay, when Personal Wages or Pay to the Amount of the Sum so drawn for shall not be due and owing to him, every such Commissioned Officer, Master, and Surgeon, knowingly and wittingly drawing for his Personal Wages or Pay without being justly entitled so to do by having so much Personal Wages or Pay due to him, shall forfeit all his Compensation Pay, and shall moreover be cashiered, and be rendered ever after incapable of holding an Office, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors., .

I Z 2 XIV. And

171

dorfe on the Extra# a Certificate in the following Form.

Such Officer at

the End of six Weeks may draw for his Pay, his Bills being subscribed as herein mentioned.

Captains removed to another Ship, before three Months Pay are due, may draw Bills at the Expiration of three Months from last Payment.

When Lieutenants, Arc. are so removed,

Captains to make out an Extra#, as in Case of being sent to Sick Quarters, and at the End of three Months from each Payment, the Officer may draw for his Pay.

Penalty for drawing for Pay not due.

Bills to be drawn at 10 Days Sight, and negociable as Bills of Exchange.

Eills to be examined at the Navy Office, and assigned for

Payment.

Forms of Bills

and Assignment.

i

Flag Officers

may include Table Money in their Bills.

Accounts Current to be kept for Monies received in advance.

and when Accounts are paired, Triplicate Certificates to be

made out, &c.

C. 94. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all such Bills as are herein after described and directed to be drawn by Commissioned Officers, Masters, and Surgeons, upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, shall be drawn payable ten Days after Sight, and shall be negociable by Indorsement, in the same Manner as Bilis of Exchange are negociable and transferable by Indorsement or Indorsements thereon.

XV. And be it also enacted, That as soon as such Bills, or any of the Parts thereof, shall be presented to the said Commissioners of the Navy, together with the Extracts from Ships Books, and Certificates made by Physicians or Surgeons of Sick Quarters, in every Case where such Extracts and Certificates are hereinbefore required and directed to be made, they, or any three of them, shall examine, or cause the said Bills, and the said Extracts and Certificates, in Cases where they are granted, to be examined, and if they shall see no just Cause why the said Bills should not be assigned for the Payment, shall note upon them the Date when they were presented, and shall assign them upon the Treasurer of the Navy for Payment; and for that Purpose shall make out, or cause to be made out, at the Bottomiof such Bills, an Alignment, and shall address the same to the Treasurer of the Navy, and they shall also number and date the same, and they, or any three of them, shall sign such Assignment; and the said Bills and Assignment, being written or printed, shall be of the Form and Tenor following, or to the like Effect:

4 1 ft Rate, [Britannia, Lieutenant Thomas Bowling,\ entered 1st July 1794.

4 Full Pay from 1st October to 31st December 1794 -

4 Amount of Deductions ——

4 Net Pay — £.

4 Gentlemen,

r BarbadocsJ] 12 th Mril 170c.

received.

1 To the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy,

4 London.*

4 Thomas Bowling.

4 Approved,

4 E. F. Captain of his Majesty's Ship [Britannia.]

‘ASSIGNMENT.

r 4 N° 1. Navy Office, 30th May 1795.

4 To be paid by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy out of [£. 20,000] received 29th March 1795, under the Head of Wages to pay Officers.

Commissioners of the Navy.

4 By virtue of the Act of 35th of George the 3d.’

4 AT. B. The forging of this Bill, or procuring any other Person to forge the same, in order to receive

any Part of the Wages or Pay of any Commissioned Officer, Master, or Surgeon, in the Royal Navy, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the Act of 35th of George the Third/

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Flag Officer shall be entitled to draw a Bill or Bills under the Authority of this Act as a%esaid, upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, for his Personal Wages or Pay, he may, and he is hereby allowed to include the Allowance of Table

Money which may be due to him at that Time.

XVII. And, for more effectually and correctly carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, two Ledgers shall be opened, and an Account Current kept with every Commissioned Officer, Master, and Surgeon, who shall so receive Monies in Advance, as herein-before directed, to be paid to him upon his entering to command or serve on board of any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or draw for his Personal Wages or Pay, as herein-before specified, one Copy thereof to be kept in the Office of the Commissioners of the Navy, and the other in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy; in which Ledgers the Sums paid upon the several Orders and Bills herein-before directed to be made and drawn, and Payments otherwise made in Manner before mentioned, shall be carefully entered and charged against him \ which Entries and Charges shall remain at his Debit until he shall regularly pass his Accounts for the Ship or Vessel, Ships oc Vessels, in which he may have served agreeably to the present existing Regulations, Forms, and Manner, in which the Accounts of Officers are required to be passed; and when the same are so passed as aforesaid, the Commissioners of the Navy, or any three of them, shall make out, or cause

to be made out, three Certificates, being Triplicates of each other, which shall be of the Tenor and Form

not*

r

A.D. 1795.

tricesimo quinto

C. 04. 73

now practised and distinguished by the Name of General Certificates; and one Triplicate of such Certificates shall be delivered or transmitted to such Officer, or to his Agent; another Triplicate shall be lodged in the Office of the Commissioners of the Navy, where fjch Account Current as aforesaid shall be kept; and the third 1 Vi plicate shall be transmitted to the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such General Certificates shall specify and ascertain the Net Amount of Personal Wages or Pay which shall appear to be due to the Officer to whom or to whose Agent it shall be delivered or transmitted as aforesaid, and the Commissioners of the Navy, or any three of them, shall direct such Amount to be carried to the Credit of such Officer’s Account Current before described in the Ledger, which shall be kept in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy as before directed, as well as in the Ledger which shall be kept in their own Office.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7 hat the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy shall immediately pay, or cause to be paid, out of Monies which he may have in his Hands to pay Officers, all such Bills as are herein-bef )re described, which shall have been drawn by Commissioned Officers, Masters, and Surgeons, in the Service of his Majesty, upon the Commissioners of the Navy, and which shall have been duly assigned for Payment by them upon him.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this A<7, if any Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer, who shall be entitled to receive Half Pay, or if any Widow of any Commissioned or Warrant Officer of the Navy, or other Person entitled to receive half-yearly or annually any Pension on the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, or if any Widow, Parent, or Child, of any Naval Officer, Seaman, or Marine, who shall have been (lain in Fight with the Enemy, and shall be entitled to his Majesty's most gracious Bounty, payable by the 77eafurer of the Navy, shall be delirous to receive and be paid his Half Pay, or his or her Pension, or his, her, or their Bounty, from any Receiver

____1 T___1 "n_r__________<_d:j:______rrvn_n__________r .1 /-» n A ✓ 1

Certificates to specify Amount due to the Officer, which shall be carried to his Credit.

Treasurer of the Navy to pay Bill* assigned.

General of the Land Tax for any County, Riding, or City, Collector of the Customs at any Port, Collector of the Excise for any Collection, or Clerk of the Cheque at any Dock-Yard in Great Britain, near

Officers Half Pay, Pensions, &c. on Application to the Treasurer of the Navy, may be received from the Receiver General of the Land Tax, &c.

to the Place of his, her, or their Residence; it shall and may be in the Power of such Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer on Half Pay, Widow, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, to apply at the Time or Times of issuing such Half Pay or Pension, (of which due Notice shall be given by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy in the London Gazette,) or at such Time or Times when any such Person or Persons

as aforesaid shall be entitled to receive such Bounty, by Letter to the Treasurer of the Navy at his Office in London, to have such Half Pay, Pension, or Bounty, respectively payable to him, her, or them, paid by such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, as he, she, or they shall specify; and such Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer on Half

said.

to be made by him, her, and them, or by others in the like Circumstances, with the other Vouchers and Documents which have usually been required to be produced, or as at present are presented and practised in similar Cases when any Naval Half Pay, Pension, or Bounty, for Relations (lain in Fight with the Enemy is paid, and such Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer, Widow, or other Person or Persons, shall repeat such Application, and shall transmit such Affidavit, Documents, and Vouchers, each and every Time that he or she shall be so desirous to have such Half Pay or Pension paid to him or her in Manner before mentioned*

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Treasurer of the Navy, after having received such Letter of Application, and having examined, or having caused to be examined, such Affidavit, Documents, and Vouchers, and finding the same to be right, he shall cause a List to be made out of all Persons who shall have so applied to him, which he shall forward to the Commissioners of the Navy, and shall specify and describe their respective Claims. Commissioners of the Navy

XXII. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners shall cause such List to be examined, and Commissioners shall require such Treasurer to produce the Affidavits, Certificates, Documents, or Vouchers, or any of them, which they may judge necessary, and shall directhim to take such other Steps or shall themselves use

Treasurer to make out Lists of Applications, and forward them to the

Sums, to which such Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer, Widow, or other Person or Persons, shall each and respectively be entitled to receive; and they shall direct the Treasurer of the Navy to make out.

to cause Lifts to be examined. &c. and two Remittance Bills to be made out for Sums due*

or cause to be made out, two Remittance Bills for that Part of the Half Pay, Pension, or Bounty, as aforesaid, then due and payable to such Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer, Widow, or other Person or Persons, which said two Remittance Bills shall be Duplicates of each other, and shall be joined together by oblique Lines, Flourifties, or Devices, and shall be made payable to such Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer, Widow, or other Person or Persons, by the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, in Terms of his or her Request, signified as aforesaid, to whom the said Remittance Bills shall be addressed; and the said Remittance Bills being number and dated, shall be signed by a Commissioner of the Navy, and shall be attested by a Person or Persons to be appointed by the Treasurer of the Navy to collect and arrange the aforesaid Affidavits, Certificates, and Vouchers, to prepare such Remittance Bills, to keep the Imprest Ledger herein-before directed to be kept in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, containing the Accounts Current with the Officers who may draw for their Personal Wages or Pay, and who shall otherwise officiate for the Treasurer of the

Navy, under his Direction, in carrying the Whole of the Business herein-before directed, as far as relates

to

s

C. 94. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

to his Office, into Effect; and such Remittance Bills, being written or printed, shall be according to the

Tenor and Form following, or to the like Effe£h '!

Form of Remittance Bills*

4 No. I.

4 Sir,

4 Pay to N. O. of

Day of

on

his her their j

producing and delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of

r Lieutenant of his Majesty's Navy on Half Pay,

on the

Day of last, if me same be demanded within six Calendar

Months from the Date hereof, other wise you are to return this Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy at the

Pay Office of the Navy. _, t v,

3 4 (Attested) P. j5>. Commissioner of the Navy*

4 R, 6’. Treasurer’s Clerk

4 To the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County of x The Collector of the Customs at the Port

4 of

* The Collector of the Excise at The Clerk of the Cheque at

By virtue of the Act 35th Geo. 3d.’

4 N.B. The forging of this Remittance Bill, or procuring any other Person to forge the same, in

order to receive any Part of the Monies hereby payable, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the Act 35th George the Third.

One.Remittance Bill to be transmitted to the Person to whom payable, and the Duplicate to the Person to whom add re fled; and on Production of the Bill by the Person to whom made payable, within lix Months from the Date, the same to be paid without Fee, and repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy,;

but if not produced within that Period, the Duplicate to be returned to the Treasurer of the Navy, &c.

If Persons to whom Duplicates are addressed have not Money in Hand, they shall appoint a Day for

Payment within a Month, &c.

Penalty for wilfully delaying Payment, or lor iaking Fees.

And as soon as the said Bills are so made out, signed, and attested, the Person to be appointed by the Treasurer of the Navy shall cut, or cause them to be cut, asunder through the oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, and shall cause one Duplicate to be transmitted to the Person named therein, to whom the Money* shall be made payable, and the other Duplicate to be transmitted to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the same shall be addressed, and if the Duplicate of such Bill shall be produced by the Person to whom the same shall be made payable to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the same shall be addressed, within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, he shall carefully examine the same with the Duplicate already transmitted to him as aforesaid; and being satisfied of the Authenticity thereof, and of the Identity of the Person producing the same to him, he shall immediately pay the same to such Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer, Widow, or other Person or Persons named therein, to whom the Money shall be payable, without Fee or Reward, or Deduction, cn any Pretence whatever, taking a Receipt for such Payment on the Back of the Bill; which Bill, and the Duplicate thereof, being transmitted by the Person who shall pay the same to the Commissioners of the Navy, shall be immediately assigned for Payment by any three of them, and shall be immediately repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Cferk of the Cheque, or his Order; but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be so produced, and Payment thereof demanded, within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall return the Duplicate thereof in his Hands to the Treasurer of the Navy at the Pay Office of the Navy, London, who dial I cause the same to be cancelled, and thereupon the Sum contained in such Bill shall become payable to the Person or Persons in whose Favour the same was drawn, or to his, her, or their lawful Representatives,' in Cases where he, she, or they shall be dead, in the same Manner as if such Bill had never been issued.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the Duplicate of the Bill herein* before dirfcCted to be made out and addressed to him as aforesaid, shall be tendered for Payment, shall not have in his Hands public Monies sufficient to answer the same, and shall for that Reason refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall immediately indorse on the said Duplicate the Date of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Delay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon, for the Payment of such Bill, some future Day within the Space of one Month at the fartheu from the Date of its having been first tendered to him as aforesaid; and such Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, shall immediately be delivered back to the Person presenting the same; and if upon Complaint made to the respective Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, to manage the said several Duties of the Land Tax, Customs, or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy, if the Person complained of be a Clerk of the Cheque, it shall appear that such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the Payment t>f such Bill, or directly or indirectly, by himself, or any Person under him, received or taken J. k - 9 any

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

I

C. 94. 75

Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount, or Deduction whatsoever, on account of the Payment of the same,

egree or me uirence; and luen r ines Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty or Fine levied and recovered, for any Offence against any Law by which any Duty of Customs or Excise is imposed or laid; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer, Widow, or other Person or Persons, to whom the Remittance Bill before-mentioned is made payable, shall be prevented and disabled by bodily Infirmity from appearing in Person before the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, and such bodily Infirmity being properly and satisfactorily certified by the Minister and Churchwarden or Elder of the Parish where he, she, or they reside, or by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, attending him, her, or them, then and in such Case the Sum contained in the said Bill shall be paid to the Order in Writing of such Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer, Widow, or other Person or Persons, upon producing or giving up to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, such Certificate of bodily Infirmity as aforesaid, together with the Duplicate of the said Bill, and a proper Receipt on the Back of the same, signed by the Person or Persons m whose Favour the Bill shall have been drawn payable, and witnessed by the Person who shall receive the Money.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as an Act shall be passed by the Le-giflature of the Kingdom of Ireland, making Provision for Payment in that Country of any Certificate issued by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, in favour of any Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer entitled to Naval Half Pay, Widow, or others, entitled to Pensions payable out of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, or Bounty payable to the Relations of Naval Officers, Seamen, and Mariners, flain in Fight with the Enemy, and addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to, and in the rower of, such Naval Officer, Widow, or other Person or Persons, to apply at the Time or Times of issuing such Naval Half Pay or Pension, of which due Notice shall be given by the Commissioners of the Navy, in the London Gazette, or, when such Relations shall be entitled to receive such Bounty, by Letter to the Treasurer of the Navy, at the Pay Office in London, and shall desire to receive a Certificate to entitle them to receive the Half Pay, Pension, or Bounty respectively due to him, her, or them, paid by any Collector or Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, that he, she, or they shall specify; transmitting at the same Time, to the Treasurer of the Navy, the usual Affidavit, Certificates, Documents, and Vouchers, in Manner herein-before directed, in Cases of Naval Officers, Widows, and others, claiming similar Payments to be made in Great Britain; and if the said Treasurer of the Navy, after having received such Letter of Application, and having examined, or caused to be examined, such Affidavit, Certificates, Documents, and Vouchers, shall find the same to be right, he shall cause a List to be made out of all such Persons who shall have so applied to him, which he shall forward to the Commissioners of the Navy, and shall specify and describe their respective Claims.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners shall cause such Lift to be examined, and shall require such Treasurer to produce the Affidavits, Certificates, Documents, and Vouchers, or any of them, which they may judge necessary, and shall direct him to take such other Steps, or shall themselves use such Means, as they may judge proper, to ascertain the Justness of such Claims, and being satisfied therewith, they shall give Information to the Treasurer of the Navy of the respective Allowance, or other Sum or Sums which such Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer, Widow, or other Person to Persons, shall each and respectively be entitled to receive, and they shall direct the Treasurer to make out two Remittance Certificates, which shall be addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, which Certificates shall be Duplicates of each other, and joined together with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, and shall be numbered, and dated and signed by a Commissioner of the Navy, and attested by the Person to be appointed by the Treasurer of the Navy; and such Certificate shall specify and describe the Name and Place of Abode of such Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer, Widow, or other Person or Persons, as the Case may be, who shall be entitled to receive Payment of the Sum so specified by the Commissioners of the Navy to be due to them respectively; and such Remittance Certificates, being written or printed, shall be of the Tenor and Form following, or to the like Effect 1

Bills to be paid to the Order of Persons unable to attend from bodily Infirm* ity.

When an Act shall be passed in Ireland for Payment of Certificates issued by the Commissioners of the Navy, addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, the Treasurer to transmira Lift of Appliants to the Commissioners of the Navy.

Commissioners to cause Lifts to be examined. See. and two Remittance Bilk to be made out in the following Form*

No.

Day of

# C a Lieutenant of his Majesty's Navy on Half Pay, 'l

These are to certify, that 71 U, < Widow of a Lieutenant in his Majesty's Navy, > is

( or at the Case may be. __________ J

Form of Remit* tance

entitled to the Sum of

r Half Pay*)

Sterling, being on Account of the< Pension r due to the said 7. U» on the

£ Bounty 3

‘iheji

Collector of Officer of

Day of

iaft, who has desired that the same may be paid by if the same shall not be demanded within nine

4 Calendar

C. 94. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Calendar Months from the Date hereof, this Certificate to be returned to the Commissioners of the Navy

4 at their Office in London P' 1

4 (Attested) V. TV. Commissioner of the Navy.

b 4 S. T. Treasurer’s Clerk.

4 To the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

4 By virtue of the Act thirty-fifth of George the Third.*

4 N.B. The forging of this Remittance Certificate, or procuring any other Person to forge the same, in order to receive any Part of the Monies to be made payable by any Means thereof, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the Ad thirty-fifth of George the Third.*

And as soon as the said Certificates shall be so made out, signed, and attested as aforesaid, the said Person, to be appointed by the Treasurer of the Navy, shall cut, or cause them to be cut asunder through the oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, and shall transmit, or cause to b° transmitted forthwith, one Duplicate to the Person or Persons nominated and specified in such Certificate to be the Commissioned, Warrant Naval Officer, Widow, or other Person or Persons, to whom such Half Pay, Pension, or Bounty shall be due; and the other Duplicate to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

One Remittance Bill to be transmitted to the Person to whom the

Money is due, and the other to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

Money paid in Ireland on Certificates, to be repaid to the Commissioners of the Revenue by the Treasurer of the Navy.

I

4

If Payment of

Certificates be not demanded in nine Months, they shall be cancelled on being returned.

No Deduction to be made on Payment of Bills, tec. on Penalty of 201.

Packets for carrying this Act into Execution, to be free of

Portage.

Penalty for

fending any Paper under Cover not relating to this Act.

Orders.A*c. paid by the Treasurer, to be good Vouchers.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as an Act shall be passed by the Legislature of Ireland, making Provision for Payment in that Country of Certificates issued, as aforesaid, by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, in favour of any Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer, Widow, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, and the Sum or Sums specified in such Certificate or Certificates shall have been actually paid by, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, to the Persons who shall be specified to be entitled to receive the same, such Sum or Sums shall be immediately repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy, who is hereby directed and required to pay the same to the said Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, or to their Order, upon the Certificate upon which the Acknowledgment of the Receipt of such Money shall be indorsed, together with the Duplicate thereof, being produced to the Treasurer o! the Navy; but in case the Duplicates of such Certificates issued by the Commissioners of the Navy, or any of them, addrefi to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, shall not be presented and delivered by the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to receive the Amount of the same, to the Collector or Revenue Officer to whom it shall have been addressed in Ireland, and the Payment thereof be demanded within nine Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then, upon such Certificates being returned by the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, to the Commissioners of the Navy, they shall cause such Certificates to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof the Sum or Sums contained in such Certificate or Certificates shall accrue and belong to the Person or Persons in whole Favour the same was made out, or to his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies, or to his, her, or their lawful Representacives, in case he, she, or they shall be dead, in the same Manner as if such Certificate had never been made out and issued.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum or Sums of Money, to

be paid in consequence of any of the said Bills herein before directed to be drawn, or Orders and Certificates herein-before directed to be ift'ued, shall be fully and completely paid to the Person in whose Favour they shall so respectively be drawn or made payable, without any Deduction or Abatement, under any Pretence whatsoever, although Part thereof may be in F radii on s of the smallest Denomination; and every Person detaining or withholding any Part thereof ubder Pretence of former Privilege or Usage of Office, or upon or under any Pretence whatsoever, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the same Way and Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture in the Colledhon of the Duties of Excise and Customs is directed to be levied and recovered, and shall be paid to the Person filing and prosecuting for the same.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Letters or Packets sent by the Person to

be appointed by the Treasurer of the Navy, to officiate under his Direction, in carrying this Act into Execution and Effect in Manner and Form as herein is directed, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be Lnt free from the Duty of Postage; and all Letters or Packets relating to the hxecution of this Act, that shall be forwarded by such Perton as aforesaid, shall be under Covers, with the Words, Pursuant to Act of Parliament thirty-fifth of George the Third,’ printed upon the same; and the said Person to be appointed as aforesaid,' shall write his Name under the Words so printed; and he is hereby llridly prohibited and discharged from enclding or (ending under such Covers, any Writing, Paper, or Parcel, whatsoever, excepting such as shall relate to the Execution of this Act; and if he shall lend or convey under the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper, or Parcel, other than those relating to the Execution of this Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty or Fine levied or recovered, for any Offence against any Law by which any Duty of Customs or Excise is impeded or laid; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Intormer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Older and Orders, Bill and Bills, Remittance Bill and Remittance Bills, Certificate and Certificates, herein-before directed to be drawn and made out, jjnd which shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy in any Manner as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient V ouchers to the Treasurer of the Navy for lo much Money as shall have

10, been

A.D. 1795. Anno, tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 95.

been so directed to be paid on such Order or Orders, Bill or Bills, Certificate or Certificates, re-

fbe&'tvely, and as shall have been so paid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing his Accounts. 5

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order, Bill, Remittance Bill, or Certi- No &c ficate, that shall be made or drawn under the Authority of the Powers by this Act given, shall be subject or luble to Sump liable to, or charged or chargeable with, any Stamp Duty, to which Bills of Exchange are by Law subject Uuty-

and liable, or any Stamp Duty whatsoever j nor shall any Person or Persons receiving Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money drawn for, mentioned, or specified, in such Orders, Bills, or Certificates, be bound or obliged to give a stampt Receipt for the same, but a Receipt or Acknowledgment of Payment, indorsed on such Order, Bill, or Certificate, shall be held, deemed, and taken, as a sufficient Release and Discharee for the same, in all Cases and Courts whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, no No Bill* diawn Bill or Bills of what Nature or Description soever, drawn pursuant to, or in the Execution of the Powers the Com-and Authorities given by any former Act or Acts of Parliament by the Commissioners of his Majesty's l£i(n°ners of Navy, or by the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty's Navy, or by the Commissioners for taking on theT^!?* care of Sick and Wounded Seamen, or by the Commissioners for managing the Transport Service, upon surer, liable to and payable by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, shall be subject or liable to, or charged or chargeable Stamp Duty, with, any Stamp Duty to which Bills of Exchange are by Law subject and liable, or any Stamp Duty whatsoever; nor shall any Person or Persons receiving Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money drawn for, mentioned, or specified in such Bill or Bills, be bound or obliged to give a stampt Receipt for the same, but a

Receipt, or Acknowledgment of Payment, indorsed on such Bill or Bills, shall be held, deemed, and taken as a sufficient Release and Discharge for the same in all Cases and Courts whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases, from and after the passing of Remittance this Act, where any RemituuKe Bill, or Ticket for the Payment of Money, is or shall be drawn or made Bills* or 1 ic' out pursuant to, and in the Execution of the Powers given by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, and

directed for Payment to the Receiver General of the Land 'fax for the County of the City of London, or direct^To tht for the County of Middlesex) or any County within the Bills of Mortality of the City of London, the same Receiver of the may be directed for Payment to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy; and such Bill or Ticket may and Tax for shall be paid and discharged by the said Treasurer of the Navy, and shall be allowed to him in the passing of London»*cc* his Accounts, in the same Way and Manner as if such Remittance Bill, or Ticket for the Payment of "the Trca- '^ Money, had been directed to, and paid by such Receiver General of the Land Tax, and afterwards repaid surer of the to him by the said Treasurer of the Navy. Navy.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall Persons forging /alfely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be fallely made, forged, or counterfeited, or &c-Orders willingly act and assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting any Order, Bill, Extract, or Certi- Rui, ry°ffc-hc3te herein-before described or mentioned, or shall utter and publish as true, any false, forged, or coun- ony* lerfeited Order, Bill, Extract, or Certificate herein before described or mentioned, knowing the same to

be false, forged, or counterfeited, for the Purpose of defrauding the Public, or any Commissioned Officer,

Master, or Surgeon of the Navy, Widow, or other Person herein-before mentioned, of any Wages or Pay,

Half-Pay, pension, or Bounty, payable to them or any. of them respectively, every such Person, being lawfully convicted thereof, according to due Course of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Admiralty to Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) shall direct direct the Com-che Commissioners of the Navy to deliver sufficient Quantities of Blank Bills and Certificates herein be-

fore directed to be made, with sufficient Instructions relative to the same, to all Captains and Commanders jciive?VBlahk in the Royal Navy, and all other Persons to whom the same are or shall be necessary; and shall direct the pin*, &c. and* Treasurer of the Navy to cause to be printed an Abstract of the Provisions and Regulations contained in the Treasurer to this Act, and to deliver or transmit a competent Number of Copies thereof to the principal Officers and C3ufe an A.b" Commissioners of the Navy, to the Commissioners of the Customs, and Commissioners of the Excise, in ^7 ! thu England and Scotland) and to the Clerks of the Cheque in his Majesty's Dock Yards, who are hereby strictly printed and ordered and enjoined to hang up and affix the same in some conspicuous Part of their respective Offices, transmitted to and to publish and (promulgate the same as much as may be; and the said Lord High Admiral of Great the principal Britain, or Commissioners (or executing the Office of Lotd High Admiral of Great Britain, are further O®c«rsof the directed to cause a competent Number of Copies of the said Abstract to be delivered to the Captain or Com- £avy* &c. 10. mander of every Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the AthSralty1to

said Ship or Vessel. cause All tract 5 to be delivered to Captain*.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to enable Boatswains, Gunners, and Carpenters, serving in Mis Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families.

[22d June 1795.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable Petty 35 Coo. m 4 Officer 1 in the Navy, and Scamcn} Nm-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines)serving in CaP- *8, rt- hit Majestf s Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their JVives and Families: And Ciud>

whereas it is reasonable that the Provisions in the said Act contained be extended to Boatswains, Gunners.

35 Geo. III. Aa 4 and

178

extended to I oatfwains,

Gunners, and Carpentera.

a6 GrOk III. Cap. yi.

9

Where Persons.

committed by virtue of the recited Act are detained for

Want of Bail, the Prosecutor may cause a Copy of the In-distment to be. delivered, with Notice, that unless an Appearance, &c.

be enured in a limited Time, an Appearance nr.d the Plea of

Not Guilty will be entire J,

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

and Carpenters in the Royal Navy Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and, Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Boatswain, Gunner, and Carpenter, serving, or who shall hereafter serve, on board of any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to allot One-half of his monthly Wages or pay for the Maintenance of his Wife, Child or Children, or Mother; and every such Boatswain, GunneF, or Carpenter, and the Wife, Child or Children, or Mother, of every of them, to-whom such Allotment shall be made, shall be, and is hereby entitled to the Benefit of all the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions, in every Article, Matter, and Thing, in the aforesaid Act specified, and subject to and under the several Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissi.oned Officer of Marines, or Marine, in the Royal Navy, or the Wife, Child or Children, or Mother, of any of them, is or are entitled to the Benefit of the same, and as if the several Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the aforesaid Act contained, were again repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

1 ? aft# V

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for the Relief of Persons detained in Gaol for Want of Bail, in certain cases relating to the Public Revenue.

["2d June. 1795.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to limit a Time for the Repayment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages, by the Commissioners of Excise; and also on Horses, Waggons, JTains, and Carts, by the Commisioners of Stamps;

and for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise; it is enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons shall be charged with assaulting or obstructing any Officer or Officers of the Cuiloms or Excise in the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, or with refeuing, or attempting to refeue by Force, any uncustomed or prohibited Goods, after Seizure thereof by such Officer or Officers, or with any Offence against any Law respecting Quarantine, and the same shall be made appear to any Judge of his Majesty's Court of Ring’s Bench, by Affidavit or by Certificate of an Indictment or Information being filed against such Person or Persons in the said Court, for such Offence, it shall, be lawful for such Judep to issue his Warrant, urpler his Hand and Seal, and thereby to cause such Person or Persons to be apprehended and brought before him, or some other Judge of the said Court, or before some one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in order to his, her, or their, being bound to the King’s Majesty, with two sufficient Sureties, in such Sum as, in the said Warrant, shall be expressed, with Coixlition to appear in the said Court at the Time mentioned in such Warrant, and to answer to all and singular Indictments or In- formations for any of the Offences aforesaid; and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to become bound as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Judge or Justice of the Peace respectively to com- mil such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, or where he, she, or they shall have been apprehended, until he, she, or they shall have become bound as aforesaid, or shall be discharged by Order of the said* Court of King’s Bench in Term Time, or by one of the Judges of the said Court in Vacation: And whereas no Indictment or Information for any of the Offences mentioned in the said recited Act can be brought to Trial until the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared and pleaded thereto and Persons apprehended and committed to Gaol, by virtue of the said Act, cannot be brought into the said Court to plead in Person to such Indictments or Informations without a considerable Expence and may, through Poverty or Ignorance, omit to sue out Writs of Habeas Corpus to bring themselves into the said Court for that Purpose, or to cause Appearances and Pleas to be entered for them, according to the Course of the said Court, and are therefore liable to be detained in Gaol, without Trial, to their great Loss and Grievance, and in Delay of Justice: And whereas it is reasonable that, in case such Defendants shall be found not guilty of the Charges against them, they should be immediately released from their Imprisonment Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, where any Person or Persons, by virtue of the said recited Act, hath or have been committed, and is or are now detained, or shall hereafter be committed and detained, in any Gaol for Want of Bail, it shall be lawful for the Prosecutor of such Indictment or Information to cause a Copy thereof to be delivered to such Person or Persons, or to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey, of the Gaol wherein such Person or Persons is, are, or shall be so detained, with a Notice thereon indorsed that unless such Person or Persons shall, within such Space of Time as shall be for that Purpose limited and fixed by the said Court of King’s Bench, cause an Appearance, and also a Plea or Demurrer, to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, an Appearance and the Plea of Not Guilcv will be entered thereto in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons respectively; and in case fie (he, or they, shall thereupon, for the said Space of Time so to be limited and fixed as aforesaid, neglect to cause an Appearance, and also a Plea or Demurrer, to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, it shall be lawful for the Prosecutor of such Indictment or Information, upon an Affidavit being made and filed in the said Court of a Delivery of a Copy of such Indictment or Information with such Notice indorsed thereon, as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, or to such Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey, as the Case may be, which Affidavit may be made before any Judge or Commissioner of the Vaid Court, authorized to take Affidavits in the said Court, to cause an Appearance, and the Plea of Not Guilty

1' to

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 97—too.

robe entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, for such Person or Persons respectively, and (itch Proceedings shall be had thereupon as if the Defendant or Defendants, in such Indictment or Information, had appeared and pleaded Not Guilty, according to the usual Course of the said Court; and that, if upon the rial of such Indictment or Information, the Defendant or Defendants, so committed and detained as aforesaid, shall be acquitted of all the Offences therein charged upon him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom such I rial shall be had, although he may not be one of the Judges of the said Court of king’s Bench, to order that such Defendant or Defendants shall be forthwith discharged out of Custody, as to his, her, or their Commitment, by virtue of the said recited A6^; and such Defendant or Defendants shall be thereupon discharged accordingly j any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to declare that Hides and Skins tanned by a new Method shall be deemed Tanned Hides and Skins within the Meaning of the Acts relating to the Duties of Excise on Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain.

[i id June 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed, or dressed; for better avoiding all Doubts and Controversies concerning the several Kinds of Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, chargeable by that Act, it was declared and enacted, that by Tanned Hides or Skins, or by Tanned Pieces of Hides or Skins, were meant only such as were tanned in Wooze made of the Bark of Trees or Shomack, or whereof the principal Ingredients should be such Bark or Shomack: And whereas, by an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Exercise of an Invention of a new Method of tanning Hides and Skins, the tanning of Hides and Skins by 4 a Method and with the Materials or Things described or ascertained in a certain Instrument, in Writing,

mentioned in the said Act, is authorized and permitted, and it is therefore expedient to declare and enact,

that Hides and Skins tanned by such Method, or by any other Method or Process, or with any Materials or Ingredients whatsoever, shall be deemed and taken to be such Hides and Skins as are herein after mentioned :* Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be tanned by the said Method, and with the Materials or Things described or ascertained in the said Instrument mentioned in the said last recited Act, or by any other Method or Process, or with any Materials or Ingredients whatever, shall be deemed and taken to be Tanned Hides and Skins, or Tanned Pieces of Hides and Skins, within the Meaning of the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign aforesaid, and of the several other Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Duties on Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain j any Thing in any Act now in force contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of the Drawback on China Ware, imported by the Hy} Judin Company before the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

[zzd June 1795.]

I

China Ware imported by the Lafl India Company before April i, 1795, if exported within five Vears, entitled to Drawback."

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protefhmt Purchasers.

[z2d June 1795.]

Act 3 Geo. I- Cap. 18, recited. Deeds and Wills of Papists, Iftc. made since Sept. 29, 1717, to be good in Law, if inrolled before Sept. 1, 1795. This Act not to extend to Deeds, the Validity whereof has been brought in Question before Jan. 1, 179$. Purchases made not to be avoided, on Account of the Title-deeds not having been inrolled, iffe. I his Act not to make good any Grant of the Right of Presentation to any Benehce, in Trust for any Papist.

CAP. C.

An Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time.

[22d June 1795.]

WHEREAS an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Marx, (intituled, An Act for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silky) amongst other Things in the said Act contained, the bringing in of Thrown Silk, of the Growth or Production of Italy, is prohibited, unless imported in such Ships or Vessels, and navigated in such Manner, as in and by

£79

which may accordingly be done $ and if on Ttial the Defendant shall be acquitted, the Judge may order hi» Discharge.

9 Anne, Cap.

XI.

34. Geo. JII.-Cap. 63.

Hides and Skint tanned by any Method whatever, to be deemed within the Meaning of the Acts relating to the Duties on Hide*

and Skins.

2 Gul. & Mar, Cap. 9.

18 o

C. 101.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for the

encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation,) is directed and allowed, and brought from some of the Ports of those Countries or Places whereof the same is the Growth or Production, and which (half come directly by Sea, and not otherwise: And whereas there is at present very great and immediate Want of Organzined Thrown Silk, from Italy, for the Use and Purpose of Warp in the Silk Manufacture, without which the Manufacture cannot be carried on, and many thousands of Manufacturers nmft be unemployed Re it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import or bring into this Kingdom, fionrt any Poit or Place in Amity with his Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, until the Expiration of twenty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Organzined Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Italy \ any Thing contained in the EkI recited Acts, or any other Act, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Majesty in any Vessels for a certain Time. E '* e\

II. Provided always, That this AO, nor any Thing herein contained, shall extend to give Liberty to

import any Italian Thrown Silk, that shall be coarser than a Sort thereof known and distinguished by the Name of Third Bolonia \ nor any Sorts of Silks commonly called Tram, of the Growth of Italy; nor any other Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Turkey, Perfta, East India, or China, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silks as shall be brought over and imported contrary to the Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act; one Moiety whereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, to be recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited may be recovered by any Law plating to his Majesty's Revenue of Customs.:

III. And for the better and more effectual Execution of this Act, and to prevent the Importation of any Sort of Thrown Silk, not Organzined, be it further enacted and declared, That all such Organzined Thrown Silk as is allowed to be imported by this Act, wheresoever landed, shall be brought to his Majesty's Custom-house at London, to the Intent that no other Sort of Thrown Silk may be imported than that allowed by this Act, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silk as shall be imported contrary to the

Thrown Silk of Italy may be imported from any Place in Amity with his

Act not to extend to Silk coarser than Third Eo!onia, r.or Train, nor Thrown Silk of Turkey, &c. which shall be forfeited.

All such Silk to be brought to the Custom House at Lon* don, en Penalty of Forfeiture.

la Car. II. Cap.

J6,

Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, robe recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited maybe recovered by any Law relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Customs $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Sort of Flax shall be imported into Eng!andy Ireland, lValesy or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but such as do truly and yith-

Flax or Flax Seed may be imported in ary Vessel belonging to States in Amity with his Majesty, fora

certain Time.

13 and 14 Car. I!. Cap. 12, recited.

tien, or Manufacture, respectively, or of such Port where the said Goods can only be, ormost usually arc, fuft shipped for Transportation, and whereof the Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners at least are of the said Country or Place, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of the Ship and Goods: And whereas it is expedient to permit, for a limited Time, the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom in Foreign Neutral Ships and Vessels, although such Ships or Vessels are not of the Built of the Country or Place of which Flax or Flax Seed is the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or of the Port where such Flax or Flax Seed can only be, or most usually hath been, hrft shipped for Transportation :* Be it therefore enacted by he Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until twenty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom of Great Britain, any Sort of f lax or Flax Seed, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and subj^Ct to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, in any Respects, as such Flax and Flax Seed would, by any Law in force, have been subject and liable to, if the same had been imported in Foreign Ships or Vessels of the Built of the Country or Place of which such Flax or Flax Seed was the Growth, Production, or Manufacture; any Thing in the before-recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CI.

An Act to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons, until they shall become actually chargeable.

[asd June 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the W Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Boor of this Kingdom j reciting. That whereas, by reason of some Defects in the Law, poor People are not restrained from going from one Parish to another, and therefore do endeavour to settle themselves in those Parishes where mere is the best

Stock, the fcrgeft Commons or Wastes to build Cottages, and the most Woods for them to burn and

9'. t destroy*

A.D. 1795.

tricesimo quinto

C. 101. 181

judugCib \ ior i\cnicuy wncrcor 11 ib uicrcruy^ diiiuiigii uuicr j liiiigO) 1 \uxt it mail auu may uc

lawful, upon Complaint made by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, to any Justice of the Peace, within forty Days after any such Person or Persons coming so to settle as aforesaid, in any Tenement under the yearly Value of ten Pounds, for any two Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum, of the Division where any Person or Persons that are likely to be chargeable to the 1 Parish shall come to inhabit, by their Warrant, to remove and convey such Person or Persons to such Parish where he or they were last legally settled, either as a- Native, Householder, Sojourner, Apprentice, or Servant, for the Space of forty Days at the least, unless he or they give sufficient Security for the Discharge of the said Parish, to be allowed by the said Justices: And whereas many industrious poor Persons, chargeable to the Parish, Township, or Place^ where they live merely from Want of Work there, would in any other Place, where sufficient Employment is to be had, maintain themselvesand Families without being burthensome to any Parish, Township, or Place; and such poor Persons are for the most Part compelled to live in their own Parishes, Townships, or Places, and are not permitted to inha- bit elsewhere, under Pretence that they are likely to become chargeable to the Parish, Township, or Place, into which they go for the Purpose of getting Employment, although the Labour of such poor Persons might, in many Instances, be very beneficial to such Parish, Township, or Place: And whereas the Remedy intended to be applied thereto, by the granting of Certificates, in pursuance of the Act passed in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for Juf plying form Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, hath been found very ineffectual; and it is necessary that other Provisions should be made relating thereto Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, I hat, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said in Part recited Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, as enables the Justices to remove any Person or Persons that are likely to be chargeable to the Parish, Township, or Place, into which they shall come to inhabit, shall be, and die lame is hereby repealed; and that from thenceforth no poor Person shall be removed, by virtue of any Order of Removal, from the Parish or Place where such poor Person shall be inhabiting, to the Place of his or her last legal Settlement, until such Person shall have become actually chargeable to the Parish, Township, or Place, in which such Person shall then inhabit, in which Cale two Jultlces of the Peace are hereby empowered to remove the Person or Persons, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Appeal, and with the lame Powers, as might have been done before the passing of this Act with respect to Persons likely to become chargeable.

II. And whereas poor Persons are often removed or passed to the Place of their Settlement during the

Time of their Sickness, to the great Danger of their Lives for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any poor Person shall from henceforth be brought before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the Purpose of being removed from the Place where he or she is inhabiting or sojourning, by virtue of any Order of Removal, or of being passed by virtue of any Vagrant Pass, and it shall appear to the said Justice or Justices that such poor Person is unable to travel, by reaion of Sickness or other Infirmity, or that it would be dangerous for him or her so to do, the Justice or Justices making such Order of Removal, or granting such Vagrant Pass, are hereby required and authorized to suspend the Execution of the same until they are satisfied that it may safely be executed, without Danger to any Person who is the Subject thereof; which Suspension of, and subsequent Permi.Tien to execute the same, shall be respectively indorsed on the said Order of Removal, or Vagrant Pass, and signed by such Justice or Justices; and no Ad done by any such poor Person continuing to reside in any Parish, Township, or Place, under the Suspension of any such Order, shall beeftedual, either in the Whole or in Part, for the Purpose of eivine him or her a Settlement in the same; and the Charges proved upon Oath to have been incurred by such Suipenlion of any Ordei of Removal may, by the said [ultices, be diredeeftobe paid by tfic~ChurcK-wardens and Overseers of the Parish or Place to which such poor Person is ordered to be removed, in case any Removal shall take place, or in case of the Death of such poor Person before the Execution of such Order; and if the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parish, Township, or Place, to which the Order of Removal shall be made, or any or either of them, shall, upon the Removal or Death of such poor Person ordered to be removed, refuse or neglect to pay the said Charges within three Days after Demand thereof, and shall not within the same Time give Notice of Appeal as is herein after mentioned, !t shall and may be lawful for one Justice of the Peace, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Money mentioned in such Order to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting Payment of the same, and also such Costs attending the same, not exceeding forty Shillings, as such Justice shall direct; and if the Parish, Township, or Place, to which the Removal of such poor Person is made, or was ordered to be made, before the Death of such Person as aforesaid, be without the lien of the Justice of the Peace issuing the Warrant, then such Warrant shall be transmitted to any of the Peace having Jurisdiction within such Parish, Township, or Place as aforesaid, who, upon itaereof, is hereby authorized and required to indorse the same for Execution: Provided nevertheless, that il the Sum so ordered to be paid on Account of such Costs and Charges exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, ti.^r Party or Parties aggrieved by such Order may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions against the lime, as they may do against an Order for the Removal of poor Persons by any Law now in being; and the Court of Quarter Sessions shall be of Opinion that the Sum so awarded be more than of

So much of recited Act as enables Justices to remove Persons likely to be chargeable to Parishes, repealed; and no Persons to be removed till they become chargeable.

Justices may suspend the Removal of Tick Persons:

Clnrges incurred by such Suspension to be paid by the Officers of the Parish to which they are ordered to be removed, which may be levied with

Costs.

If Costs exceed 20L Appeal may be made to

the QuarteT

Sessions.

l8 2

This Act not to alter the Power of Justices to pass or punish Vagrants by 17 Geo. Jl Cap.

5, except as to Suspension

No Person to gain a Settlement by Dt livery and Publication of a written Notice:

C. 102. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

I

Right ought to have been directed to be paid, such Court may and is hereby directed to strike out the Sum contained in the said Order, and insert the Sum which in the Judgment of such Court ought to be paid; and in every such Case the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall direct that the said Order so amended shall be carried into Execution by the said Justices by whom the Order was originally made, or either of them, or in case of the Death of either of them, by such other Justice or Justices as the said Court shall direct: Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to alter or abridge the Power of Justices of the Peace to pass or punish Vagrants in the Manner and under the Circumstances set forth in an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An At 1 to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction (except so far as regards the Power of suspending the Vagrant Pass, in the Manner and for the causes before mentioned).

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person coming into any Parish, Township, or Place, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be enabled to gain any Settlement therein by Delivery and Publication of any Notice in Writing. '

nor by paying Taxes for a Tenement of less than 101. yearly Value.

M

4

Rogues, &c. to be considered as chargeable, and nay be removed.

Unmarried Women with Child to be deemed chargeable.

Bastards to be deemed of the

Mothers Parish.

Former Acts touching Eaf-tards, &c. to remain in force.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall come into any Parish, Township, or Place, shall gain a Settlement in such Parish, Township, or Place, by being charged with and paying his, her, or their Share, towards the Public Taxes or Levies of the said Parish, Township, or Place, for and on Account, or in respect of any Tenement or Tenements, not being of the yearly Value of ten Pounds.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have been convicted of Larceny, or any other Felony, or who by the Laws how in being shall be deemed a Rogue, Vagabond, idle or disorderly Person, or who shall appear to any two or more Justices of the Peace of the Division wherein such Person shall reside, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to be a Person of evil Fame, or a reputed T hief, such Person not being able to give a satisfactory Account of himself or her-self, or of his or her Way of living, shall be considered as a Person actually chargeable within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, to the Parish in which such Person shall reiide, and shall be liable to be removed to the Parish of his or her last legal Settlement by the Order of the said Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum, of the Division where any such Person shall reside.

VI. Provided also, and be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every unmarried Woman

with Child shall be deemed and taken to be a Person actually chargeable, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, to the Parish, Township or Phfe, in which (he shall inhabit, and may be removed as such to the Place of her lait legal Settlement; and in case any Order of Removal obtained for such Purposefhali befuf-pendpd for any of the Reasons before mentioned, and during such Suspension the said Woman shall be delivered of any Child, which by the Laws of this Kingdom shall be a Bastard, every such Bastard Child shall be deemed and taken to be settled in the same Parish, Township, or Place, in whiph was the legal Settlement of the Mother at the Time of her Delivery: Provided nevertheless, that all Act or Acts heretofore made touching Bastard Children, or concerning the Mothers or reputed Fathers of such Children, shall be, and remain in full Force and Effect after the passing of this Act, as well in Cases where by this Act the Place of Settlement of such Bastard Children is directed to be the same as that of the Mothers of such Children, as in Cases where the Place of Settlement of such Bastard Children remains the same as it did before the passing of this Act. '

CAP. CII.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances.

[2id June 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the

First, it was, among other Things, enacted, That from thenceforth there should be but one Weight, according to the Standard of the Exchequer, throughout all the Realm, as well in Places privileged as without, any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas the said recited Act, and the several other Laws now in force for the due Regulation of Weights, have been found ineffedlual for that Purpose; and divers Frauds are committed by Persons using deficient Weights, and false or unequal Balances, by which the Poor in particular are much injured: And whereas it would tend greatly to prevent such pernicious and fraudulent Practices, if the Justices of the Peace throughout the several Counties of England and Wales, at their respective Quarter Sessions, were empowered to appoint nroper Persons to examine the Weights and Balances throughout the said Counties, and to punish such Persons as should be found offending in the Premises Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, q ir *n this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing to appoint Per- of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at every Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be fons to cximine held for any County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, in England or Wales, and they are hereby required Weights and to appoint one or more Person or Persons to examine the Weights and Balances within their respective Balances. Counties, Ridings, Liberties, and Divisions, such Person or Persons so to be appointed to be the High

Constable of a Hundred, who shall have the Power of examining within his Hundred, or the Constable and Parish Officers of a Parish, who shall have the like Power within his and their Parish, or Uch other fit

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 102.

and proper Person or Persons as the said Justices shall in their Discretion think fit, who shall have a Power or examining within such District as such Justices shall appoint.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, (having first been sworn duly and faithfully to execute the Office in him or them reposed, by virtue of such Appointment, and of this Act, which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) once in every Month st the least, in the Day-time, to enter into the Shop, House, Outhouses, and other Premises near to such Shop or House, and into the Stall or Standing Place of every Person or Persons who shall fell or retail by Weight any Wares, Provisions, Goods, or Chattels whatsoever, and then and there to search for, view, and examine, all Weights and Balances in such Shop, House, Outhouses, Premises, Stall, or Standing Place, and to seize any Weight or Weights not being according to the Standard in the Exchequer, or any false or unequal Balance or Balances, which shall upon such Search be found, and forthwith to break and destroy the same; and the Person or Persons in whose Shop, House, Outhouses, Premises, Stall, or Standing Place, any such Weight or Weights, Balance or Balances, shall be found, shall, upon Conviction thereof before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place where the said Offence shall be committed, upon View or Confession, or upon the Oath of one or, more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding twenty Shillings nor less than five Shillings, as the Justice before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted shall in his Discretion order and adjudge, such Forfeiture to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, and to be paid to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, where the said Offence (frail be committed, to be by him applied towards the Expences o( carrying this Act into Execution, and the Residue (if any) in Aid of the General County Rate.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, resist, or in anywise oppose, any of the Persons hereby authorized and empowered to view and examine such Weights and Balances in the Execution of his Office, or if any Person felling or retailing by Weight shall refuse to produce his or her Weights and Balances in order to be viewed and examined, he or she who shall so offend, shall, for every such Offence, on being duly convicted on Oath before any one or more Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, as the Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender shall be convicted shall adjudge; and such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be levied and applied as herein-before directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices at their said Quarter Sessions to allow to such Person or Persons, who shall be appointed to examine Weights and Balances under this Act, a reasonable Recompence or Satisfaction for their Trouble in the Execution of the said Office, such Recompence or Satisfaction to be paid to fuqn Person or Persons out of the General County Rate.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons convicted of an Offence under this Act, and who shall suffer for the same under this Act, shall not be otherwise punished for such Offence by virtue of any other Law or Statute of this Realm.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to lessen or prevent the Authority which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person appointed at any Court Leet for any Hundred or Manor, may have or possess for the examining, regulating, seizing, breaking, or destroying, any Weights or Balances within their respective Jurisdictions, but that he, (he, and they, shall and may have and postefs the same Power and Authority therein as if this Act had not been made.

VII. And, for the more effectually carrying this Act into Execution, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, and they are hereby empowered and required, as (bon after the passing of this Act as may be convenient, to purchase, or cause to be purchased, for the Use of their respective Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, out of the General County Ra(e, proper Weights, according to the Standard in the Exchequer; which shall be deposited for the Inspection of a!! persons, either with the respective Clerks of the Peace, or with some proper Person, in such fate and convenient Place or Places, within their respective Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, as the said Justices shall direct; and shall be produced by the Person or Persons in whole (Justody the same shall be lodged (upon reasonable Notice) at such Time and Place as any Person or Persons shall, by Writing under their respective Hands, require and appoint; the Person or Persons so requiring the Production of tine said Weights plying the reasonable (Jolts and Changes of producing the same.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, unless Information thereof, upon Oath, shall have been given to some Justice of the 1Jcacc within one Month after the Offence committed* be given

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and be ju-Cjcu’ily taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, or other Persons, without the same being specially fleaded or set forth. -

183

Persons so appointed, tovifit Shops, &c. and seize false Weights, &c.

Penalty for

having false Weights, Sec,

Penalty for obstructing lnspeftors, or refusing to produce Weights, &c.

Quarter Sessions to allow a Recompence to the Inspectors out of the County Rate.

Persons punished under this Act not tofu ft cr

by any other.

Act not to lessen the Authority of Persons appointed at Court Leets.

Justices to cause Standard Weights to be purchased out of the County Rate, which shall be produced to Persons paying the Costs of Production.

No Person to be prosecuted, unless Information, within a Month.

[Public Act.]

184

C. 103 - 109. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

CAP. CIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands or Grounds situate at or near Painshill, in the several Parishes of Cobham, Walton, and Wijley% in the County of Surrey, to George Chamberlaine Esquire, George Bond Esquire, one of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes Baronet# of the Kingdom of Ireland, upon the Trusts declared by the Will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins Esquire, deceased, of and concerning his Estate at Painshill aforesaid.

[22d June 1795.]

CAP. CIV.

An Act for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Christ9 Bridewell, and Saint TJjomas the ApoftUy and other the Governors of Chri/fs Hospital, to purchase Houses and Ground for enlarging ChriJTs Hospitals in London, and at Hertford, and erecting additional Buildings thereto, and for other Burposes.

[22d June 1795.]

CAP. CV.

An Act for improving and supporting the Navigation of the River JveU otherwise Yeo, from the Town of Ivelchester to Bicknell Bridge, in the Parish of Huish Episcopiy in the County of Somerset, and for making a Navigable Cut from thence into a certain Drain, called Portlake Rhine, in the Parish of Lang-forty in the same County, and for making the said Drain navigable from thence to the River Pa*rett% below Great Bow BridgCy in the Townot Langport.

[22d June 1795.]

CAP. CVI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amende and enlarge, the Powers of so much of two Acts, passed in the eleventh and fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and I (is, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Riverj, from thi Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of Cricklade; and for extending and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in the eleventh and fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

[22d June 1795.]

CAP. CVII.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the several Parishes of Hepworthy Haxey, Belton, and Owflony in the Isle of Axholme, in the County of Lincohy and also for making a Compensation for the Tithes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands within the said Parishes.

[22d June 1795.]

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge acrcfs the River Severn, near Redstone, in the County of Worcester, and for making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the samey and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Perry across the said River at Redstone aforesaid, and for enabling the Trustees for executing the said Act to rebuild the said Bridge.

[22d June 1795.]

CAP. CIX.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty federal additional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and Carriages with four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an A fly passed in the twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with two or three Wheels, therein mentioned, as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches with four Wheels used as Stage Coaches; and for reducing the Duties upon Carriages with less than four Wheels, mostly used in the Affairs of Husbandry, or for the Purposes of Trade.

[26th June 1795.]

9 Geo III.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-Cap. 49,recited, tituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and

Carriages with four Wheels and/or explaining and amending an Act, pajfedin the twenty fifth Year of his

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 109. 185

arc! the Duties thereby imposed on Stage Coaches repealed.

25 Geo. III. Cap. 47,

and 29 Geo. III. Cap. 49, recited j

present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with two or three Wheels y therein mentioned; certain additional Duties were granted to his Majesty on certain Carriages with four Wheels, therein mentioned:

1 And whereas it is expedient to exempt Stage Coaches and Diligences with four Wheels from the said act-‘ ditional Duties :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said additional Duties by the said recited Act imposed, so far as the same relate to any Coach or Diligence with four Wheels, which shall be kept and employed as a public Stage Coach for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places within this Kingdom, and which shall be duly entered as such with his Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and for which the Annual Duty of five Pounds imposed thereon by an Act passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be duly paid, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

II. And whereas, by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for transferring the Receipt and Manage?tient of certain Duties therein mentioned, from the Commi ([toner s of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps respecti'uely, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred; it was enacted,

that there should be charged and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

(amongst others,) the Duties following; that is to say. For and upon every Calash, Chaise, or Chair,

with two or three Wheels, or by what Name soever such Carriages then were or thereafter might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses that should be kept by or for any Person or Persons for his or their own Use, or to be let out to Hire, the yearly Sum of three Pounds and ten Shillings: And v/here- as, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty everal additional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and Carriages with four Wheels \

and for explaining and atne tiding an Act passed in the twenty fifth Year of his present Majesty, as far as re- lates to certain Carriages with two or three Wheels, therein mentioned; it was enacted, that all and every Carriage or Carriages, with two or three Wheels, by whatsoever Name or Names such Carriages then were or thereafter might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses, which should be used at any Time for the Carriage or Conveyance of Persons, and not generally used in the Affairs of Husbandry,

or for the Carriage of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Place to Place, in the Way of Trade, should be deemed a Carriage and Carriages within the Meaning of the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, and should be entered and paid for accordingly: And whereas it is expedient that the Duty on certain Carriages herein after described, which are used in the Affairs of Husbandry, or for the Purposes of Trade, but which occasionally maybe used for the Conveyance of Persons, should be reduced

to the annual Sum herein after mentioned :* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of

this Act, there shall be charged and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in lieu of the Duties imposed by the said recited Acts on the Carriages herein after described, the Duties following; that is to say. For and upon every Carriage with less than four Wheels, by what Name soever such Carriage now is or hereafter shall or may be called or known, to be drawn by one Horse, and no more, which shall or may be used in the Affairs of Husbandry, or for the Purpose of carrying Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Place to Place, in the Way of Trade, but which shall or may be used occasionally for the Conveyance of Persons, and which shall be built and constructed wholly of Wood and Iron, without any Covering other than a tilted Covering, or any Lining whatever, and without Springs, and which shall have the Words "A taxed Cart," and also the Owner’s Name and Place of Abode, there shall be charged and paid the yearly Sum of ten Shillings; which said Rate and Duty, on every such Carriage with less than four Wheels, used in Manner aforesaid, shall be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the same respectively; and the said Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, accounted for, and applied, in the same Manner, by the same Persons'respectively, and under the like Rules, Directions, and Provisions, and to the like Uses, as the Duties on Carriages with four, three, or two Wheels, are now raised, levied, collected, paid, accounted for, and applied. f

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Carriage shall be deemed to be within the Provisions of this Act before mentioned, where the first Price or Sum originally paid for the same to the Maker thereof, or for any subsequent Alteration or Addition, (Repairs excepted,) shall have exceeded twelve Pounds Sterling. 1 Meaning 01* the Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the present Duties on Carriages with two Wheels, of the Description herein-before mentioned, in respect of all such Carriages which shall be assessed by virtue of this Act, shall cease and determine.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person to be rated and assessed for such Carriage, shall mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, on a black Ground in white Letters, or on a white Ground in black Letters, on the Outside of the Back Pannel or Back Part of such Carriage, of in case such Carriage shall be constructed without a Back Pannel or any Back Part on which such Letters may be marked or painted, then on the Side, or on tome conspicuous Part of such Carriage, on the Outside thereof, his or her Christian and Surnames, and the Place of his or her real Abode, and the Words 44 A taxed Cart" in Roman Letters, and in Words at full Length, each of such Letters being at Waft one Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion; and shall, upon Demand being made, produce tuch Carriage, (b marked or painted to the Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or In-Grctors, of the said Rate or Duty, or at any Meeting of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or to any two or more of them, to be examined by them, or any or either of them, respecting all or

SS Geo. III. Bb any

and in lieu of the Duties thereby imposed, there shall be paid for every Carriage with less than four Wheels, principally used in Husbandry, or carrying Goods, and of a certain Construction, ios. per Annum;

No Carriage of a

higher Price than 121* to be within the

Present Duties to ceal'e.

Owners Names, 6cc. to be marked on fuel) Carriages.

Carriages to be

produced to be examined.

186

C. no.

If such Carriage

be used for the Conveyance of Persons, and shall have cost more than 121. or not constru^ according to this Act, &c. it shall be charged with the Duty of 31. 10s. which the Surveyors shall certify to the Commissioners.

No Carriage with ltfs than four Wheels ufsd wholly for Husbandry, or carrying Goods, shall be liable to Duty for Persons riding with their

Loads, or to Church, or to £lc£lions.

Duty hereby granted to be liableto 101. per Cent, import d by 31 Geo. III. Cap. j.

Horses drawing such Carts not liable to Duty.

32 Geo. III. Cap. 43, recited.

If the Average Price of Mufco-vado Sugar shall, at certain Periods, not exceed a certain Price, tlieDraw-hack to be allowed.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

any of the Particulars above mentioned; and if any Person or Persons shall have or keep any Carriage with less than four Wheels, and shall at any Time use the same for the Carriage or Conveyance of any Person or Persons, and such Carriage shall in respect of the first Pi ice thereof, or for any subsequent Addition or Alteration, (Repairs excepted,) have been charged or valued, (the Proof of which Price shall lie on the Own^r or Owners of such Carriage,) at any Sum exceeding twelve Pounds Sterling, or shall be built orcon-structed in any Respect contrary to the Provisions herein-before mentioned, or shall not be so marked as aforesaid, or if such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse, upon Demand being made, to produce such Carriage so marked to the Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, of the said Rate or Duty, or to the Commissioners as aforesaid for the Examination of them, or any or either of them, every such Person or Persons shall be liable to and shall be charged with the said Rate or Duty of three Pounds and ten Shillings, in respect of such Carriage, by virtue of the said recited Acts; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors upon Notice thereof shall certify the same in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands to any two or more of the Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, in order to have such Carriage charged at the Rate of three Pounds and ten Shillings in the Assessment made or to be made for that Year and any two or more of the said Commissioners shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be rectified or made according to such Certificate, and the said Rate and Duty to be levied and paid accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Carriage with less than four Wheels, which shall be kept truly and without Fraud to be used wholly in the Affairs of Husbandry, or in the Carriage of Goods in the Course of Trade, shall in respect thereof be chargeable with the said Duty by this Act imposed, or with the Duties imposed by the herein-before recited Adk of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, by Reason of any Person or Persons riding thereon cr therein when returning from or going to any Place, to or from which any Load shall have been or shall be to be carried in such Carriage in the Course of Husbandry, or for the Purpose of Trade, as aforesaid, or for conveying the Owners thereof or their Families to and from Divine Service on Sundays, or for carrying Persons going to or returning from the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in case such Carriage shall not have been used for any other Purpose of riding thereon or therein save as aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty of ten Shillings hereby granted on Carriages with lets than four Wheels, shall be moreover subjectc and liable to the additional Duty of ten Pounds per Centum on the gross Amount thereof, granted by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An AQfor granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentioned; and that such additional Duty often Pounds per Centum shall be raised, levied, cohered, and paid in the same Manner, and under the same Rules and Regulations, Powers and Authorities, Ways, Aleans, and Methods, as the said additional Duty is, by the said Act of the thirty-first: Year of his present Majesty aforesaid, directed to be collected and paid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Horse drawing any Cart herein-before described, on which the said Duty of ten Shillings is hereby imposed, shall not be subject or liable to any Duty whatever on Account of drawing any such Cart.

CAP. CX.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty, on the Exportation of Sugar \ and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships; and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships.

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-second*Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty, on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships \ certain Restrictions are provided respecting the Allowance and Payment of Drawbacks oa the Exportation of Raw Sugar, and of Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, from Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that, in consequence of the present War with France, Provisions should be made respecting the Periods at which the Average Prices of the Sugar shall be taken, and also the Prices which shall regulate the Allowance and Payment of the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Raw and Refined Sugars May it therefore please your Majesty that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, y by and with th^ Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia^ Tnent assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if on the twenty-third Day of August, and the twenty-third Day of October, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and in the same Man^ ner, on the twenty-third Day of February, the twenty-third Day of August, and the twenty-third Day of Qttoher, in each and every Year, during the Continuance of the present War, the Average Price of Browr* or Mufew ado Sugar, taken in the Manner directed by the said recited Act for the six Weeks preceding, fha|\

A.D.1795

tricesimo quinto

not exceed sixty-five Shillings for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duty of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, and then and in such Case the Drawback and Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar shall be paid and allowed; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty due and payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom of Refined Sugar produced from Muscovado Sugar imported from the British Plantations in America, shall be allowed and paid for all such Sugar as shall have been Clipped under the Authority of the said recited Act, or may hereafter be Clipped by virtue of this Act, within the respective Periods mentioned in the said recited Act, or this Act, although such Sugar shall not be, of shall not have been, exported until after the Expiration of such respective Periods.

County on Exportation of Re-lined Muscova-do Sugar to be paid for all shipped within the

mentioned in the recited or this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, on the Exportation from this Kingdom of any Refined Sugar in any other than a British Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, there shall be paid and allowed one Shilling less Bounty for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar so exported, than if the same had been exported in a British Ship or Vessel, so owned, navigated, and registered $ any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

On Exportation of Refined* Sugar, except in a British Ship, is. per Cwt. less Bounty to be paid

CAP. CXI.

An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies; and for extending lb much of the Powers thereof as relates ro the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers to other Institutions of a charitable Nature.

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS determined by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies, it was provided that no Society which had been established before the passing of the said Act for the Purposes therein mentioned, should be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, unless all the Rules, Orders, or Regulations, under which such Society should thereafter be governed, should be exhibited, confirmed, and filed, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the County, Riding, Division, or Shire, at some Time before or immediately next after the Feast of Saint Michael one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four: And whereas many such Societies may have inadvertently omitted to take the Benefit of the said Act:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any such Society to exhibit the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made for its Government, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, to be holden in and for the County, Riding, Division, or Shire, where such Society hath been established, at any Time before or immediately after the Michaelmas Session in one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and that such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, being confirmed in the Manner in the said recited Act directed, may be filed at such Sessions, and shall be valid and as effectual as if the same had been exhibited, confirmed, and filed, within the Time in the said recited Act limited.

33 Geo. III. Cap. 54, recited.

Societies established before paflfing recited Act may exhibit

their Rules for Confirmation at

any Quarter B-Sessions before or immediately Micliaelmas 1706.

II. And whereas several benevolent and charitable Institutions and Societies are formed in this Kingdom, for the Purpose of relieving, by voluntary Subscriptions and Benefactions, Widows, Orphans, and Families, of the Clergy, and others in distressed Circumstances: And whereas such Institutions have, or may have Funds, which they may wish to place out on Public Securities, under the Management of a Treasurer: And whereas, in order to give Stability to such Institutions, it is necessary that their Property should be secured under the Authority of Parliament Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors, Directors, Managers, or Members, of any Institution, for the Purpose of relieving the Widows, Orphans, and Families, of the Clergy, and others in distressed Circumstances, to frame good and wholesome Rules, for the Management and Distribution of their Fund*, and the same from Time to Time to amend and alter, or to make New Rules, as Occasion shall require, and to procure the same to be presented to the Justices of the Peace for their Confirmation within the Time herein-before limited, and to be registered, under and subject to the same Conditions, Methods, Restrictions, and Regulations, as the Members of Societies, to be established by virtue of the said recited Act, are directed to make, alter, amend, or renew and register, their Rules.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Governors, Directors, Managers, or Members, of any such Institution, whose Rules shall be confirmed and registered according to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall and may appoint a Treasurer, who shall give such Security as is directed by the said recited Act;

Governors of Institutions for Relief of Widows, &c. may frame Rules and present them for Confirmation at Societies esta-blished by virtue of recited Act.

Institution* whose Rules shall be confirmed may appoint Treasur.

18 8

trsy &c. and be entitled to the Benefit of this Act.

*55 Geo. III.

Wap. 49.

Time allowed by recited Act for making Entries, and obtaining Certificates, extended to July 20,

1795-

Occupiers of Houses, in first Lifts Of RcG-dents who lave worn Hair Powder, to make them out for such as have worn it between

July *°> 1795>

and April 5, 1796.

Occupiers not r 'liable to Penalty for omitting such as have worn Powder before July 20.

C. 112. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

and that such Treasurer so appointed shall be subject to account for the Funds belonging to such Institution, and the same shall be vetted in such Treasurer, and such Treasurer shall sue and be sued in such Manner as is directed by the said recited Act; and that all Powers, Authorities, Rules, Methods, Directions, Regulations, Provisions, Conditions, and Restrictions, in the said Act contained, so far as the same relate to the Appointment of Treasurers, or to the taking Security from such Treasurer, and for protecting, securing, or recovering, the Funds vetted in such Treasurer, shall be extended to all and every the Institutions established for the Purposes herein-before mentioned, by virtue of this Act, or any of them; and all such Insti-tutions shall have and enjoy, and be entitled unto the Benefit of this Act, with relation to the several Matters before mentioned, as fully and effectually as any Society established by virtue of the said recited Acth can or may have or enjoy the same; and all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Methods, Directions, Regulations, Provisions, Conditions, and Restrictions, in the said Act contained, in relation to the several Matters before mentioned, shall be applied and put in Execution with respect to the several Institutions established by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. CXII.

i 4 9

An Act for allowing further Time for Persons to take out Certificates for using or wearing Hair Powder, in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder; and also further Time for the Admeasurement and Registering of Boats, Barges, and other Vessds, in pursuance of another Act of the same Session, intituled, An Act for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable* Rivers, and\on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder; it was enacted, that, from and after the fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or within the Space of one Calendar Month next ensuing, every Person liable to the Duty by the said Act imposed, should make Entry of his or her Name and Place of Abode, in the Manner and for the Purpose in the said Act mentioned,

under the Penalty in the said Act contained, in order to obtain a Certificate thereof duly {lamped, as by the said Act is directed: And whereas from the short Period of Time allowed by the said Act for making such Entries, many Persons using Hair Powder may, through Ignorance, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, have omitted or neglected to make such Entries, and obtain such Certificates as aforesaid, with- in the Time limited by the said Act, whereby they are or may become liable to the Penalty contained therein:’ For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Time allowed by the said recited Act for making such Entries, and obtaining such Certificates, shall be, and is hereby extended until and upon the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that every Person liable to' the Duty by the said recited Act imposed, who, on the fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall have neglected or omitted to make such Entry and obtain such Certificate, and who, before the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall make such Entry and obtain such Certificate, as by the said recited Act is required, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of such Omission or Neglect; and every such Entry so to be made shall be of the like Force and Effect as if the same had been made within the Time limited by the said recited Act.

II. And whereas, by the said recited Act, the Occupier of every Dwelling House is required at the End of every Year, ending the fifth Day of April, to prepare and produce Lifts in Writing of the Names of Persons resident in such Dwelling House liable to the Duty by the said recited Act imposed, which Lifts, for the first Year after the patting of the said Act, are directed to be made for all the Persons resident in such Dwelling House who shall have used Hair Powder at any Time between the fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, under the Penalty in the said recited Act mentioned be it further enacted, That in the first Lift: to be made out in pursuance of the said recited Act, after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, by the Occupier of any Dwelling House, the same shall be required to be made for all the Persons rcli-dent ift such Dwelling House, who shall have worn Hair Powder to the Knowledge of the said Occupiers at any Time between the said twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and that no such Occupier who shall prepare and produce any such List as is herein-before required, shall be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture by Reason of any Omission or Neglect to return in such List any Person who shall have worn such Hair Powder at any Time before the said twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, such Person lo omitted to be returned having discontinued the Use of Hair Powder, and not having worn th^ fame

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. n rr

189

on or at any Time after the said twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,-to the Knowledge of such Occupier; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for requir- ing all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered, it was enacted, that every Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry,

or other Vessel, exceeding the Burthen of thirteen Tons, in the said Act described, which, from and after the fifteenth Day of fune one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, should be worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon any River, Canal, or other Inland Water or Navigation, in Great Britain, should be registered on or before the said fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the Manned in the said recited Act mentioned; and that a Certificate of every such Registry should also be ob- tained within the Time in the said Act limited, under the Penalty and Forfeiture therein mentioned: And whereas many Owners of such Lighters, Barges, Boats, Wherries, or other Vessels, may not have had,

before the Expiration of the Time in the said recited Act limited, an Opportunity of registering the said Vessels, or obtaining such Certificate, or involuntarily may have omitted or neglected so to do be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Time allowed for registering any Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, required to be registered by the said recited Act, shall be, and is hereby extended until and upon the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and until the Day on which such Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, shall be first worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon such River, Canal, or other Inland Water, or Navigation, after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that every Person who shall cause to be registered any such Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, and shall demand a Certificate thereof in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, and shall cause the same Vessel to be painted as to all the Particulars and in the Manner prescribed by the said recited Act,-at any Time before or on the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or at any Time before the Day on whitft such Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, shall be first worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon such River, Canal, or other Inland Waters or Navigation, after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred, against the Form of the said recited Act, for or by Reason of not registering, or involuntarily omitting or neglecting to register, such Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, within the Time limited by the said recited Act; and every such Registry so to be made within the respective Times hereby allowed shall be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made within the Time when the same ought by the said recited Act to have been made.

35 Geo. III. Cap. 58, recited*

and the Time* thereby allowed for registering Vessels used on Navigable Rivers and Inland Navigation extended to Sept 1, 1735, &c.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of selling Ale and other Liquors by Persons not duly licensed.

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS, by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An 5 Geo. III.

Aid for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admifions into Corporations or Companies; and for further CaP- 46>

securing and improving the Sta?np Duties in Great Britain; after reciting that, by the Laws then in force ^att rtuK * in that Part of Great Britain called England, and Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed,

Persons selling Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, without Licence, were liable and subject by different Laws to different Penalties and Punishments, which had occasioned much Confusion,

and an ill and improper Use had been made thereof in many Instances; for the Prevention whereof it was enabled, that, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, every Person lawfully convicted of selling Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, after that Day, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed,

without being duly licensed so to do, should, for every such Offence, forfeit and undergo the several Pe- naltics and Punishments therein-after mentioned and provided in that Behalf, instead and in lieu of the several pecuniary and corporal Punishments, which they were then liable or subject to by any Law then in force; that is to say. For the first Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, and also the Costs and Expences of convicting such Offender; and in case such Sum, together with the Charges and Expences of convict- ing such Offender, should not be paid within the Space of fourteen Days next after such Conviction, that then the Offender should suffer Imprisonment for the Space of one Month, unless he or they should:

sooner pay such Penalty, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences, of such Conviction, and executing the same; and for the second Offence the Sum of four Pounds, and also the Costs and Expences of convicting such Offender; and in case such Sum, together with the Charges and Expences of convicting such Of- fender the second Time, should not be paid within the Space of one Week next after such Conviction, then the Offender should suffer Imprisorvmem for the Space of two Months, unless he or they should sooner pay such Penalty of four Pounds, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences, of such second Conviction, and executing the same; and for the third Offence the Sum of six Pounds, and also the Costs and Charges of cunvicting such Offender; and in case such Sum of six Pounds, together with the Charges and Expences

jgo C. i-i3. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Recited Part of 5 Geo. III.

Cap. 46, repealed.

From Sept. 20, 1705, Persons fdling, or per. miring to be sold In their Houfts, Exciseable liquors by

Retail without Licence, liable to

of convicting such Offender the third Time, should not be paid within the Space of three Days next after such third Conviction, that then the Offender should suffer Imprisonment for the Space of three Months,

unless he or they should sooner pay such Penalty of six Pounds, end the Costs, Charges, and Expences of such third Conviction, and executing the same, and the like Penalty and Punishment for every other Of- fence after the third Offence, and Conviction thereof, as for the said third Offence; all which said Costs and Expences should be assessed, settled, and ascertained, by the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Offenders should respectively be convicted; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; all which Penalties and Forfeitures should go and be paid, the one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, and also the Costs, Charges, and Expences, to be assessed or ascertained as aforesaid, to the Proftctitor or Prosecutors of every such Offender 01 Offenders: And whereas, by reason of many Evasions If ill made use of, and of Defers in the Powers of the Laws now in force, it is difficult to convict Offenders against them For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act, as is above recited, shall be and is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, if any Person shall sell Ale or Beer, or any other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, or shall permit or suffer any Ale or Beer, or any other Excifable Liquors, to be sold by Retail, in his, her, or their House, Outhouse, or Yard, Garden, O*chard, or other Place, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, without being duly licensed so to do, and shall thereof be duly convicted, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, and also the Costs and Expences attending the Conviction, to be levied and recovered as herein is directed; and on and after asecond Conviction for the like Offence, shall also be rendered incapable of being the reafter licensed to keep an Alehouse, or to sell Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail.

Penalty*.

Justices may determine Complaints.

If Penalties be

not paid, they may be levied by Distress.

Officers to execute Warrants agreeably to 27 Geo. II. Cap. 20;

the Provisions of which, and of 33 Geo. III. Cap. 55, as to Execution of Warrants, to extend to this A a.

Distress may be fold within four Days.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Time being, of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine the same in a summary Way; which said Justice and Justices is and are hereby respectively authorized and required, upon Information exhibited or Complaint made to or before him or them in that Behalf, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and also any Person or Persons as a Witness or Witnesses, on either Side, and upon Appearance, or Contempt by 'not appearing, of the Party or Parties accused, to proceed to hear the Matter in a summary Way, and also to examine any Witness or Witnesses on Oath, and to give Judgment therein; and upon Proof of the Offence, either by Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict the Party or Parties so accused or complained against of the Offence laid to his, her, or their Charge; and in case the Party or Parties so convicted shall not, at the Time and Place of Conviction,’ if present, (or if absent,) within the Space of three Days after Notice, either per Tonally served upon the Party or Parties, or left for him, her, or them, at the Place where the Offence shall have been committed, according to the Directions of this Act, pay the Penalty or Penalties for which he, she, or they, shall stand convicted, together with the Costs and Expences attending the same, which laid Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and fixed determined by the Justice or Justices convicting the Offender or Offenders; that then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants of Distress, empowering the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be directed, to make Distress of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, wheresoever they shall or may be found, within the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices convicting such Offender or Offenders, and also any Goods and Chattels found, or being in the House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, Storehouse, or other Place, in which such Offence shall have been committed, or which shall be foundorbe in any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Storehouse, belonging to or occupied therewith, or which shall be found or be in any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, Storehouse, or other Place, which shall have been entered at the Excise Office for keeping or laying any Beer or Ale, Cyder or Perry therein, by or in the Name or Names of such Offender or Offenders; and on the Goods and Chattels (o distrained, the Officer or Officers executing such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid shall proceed to levy the Sum or Sums expressed in such Warrant or Warrants, in Manner directed in and by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon Distresses to be made by Warrants of Justices of the Peace, and all the Powers and Provisions of the said Act; and also of an Act, made in the thirty-Jhird Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorize Justices ojthe Peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Over-

seers, and other Peace and Par iff) Officers, for Neglect of Duty; and on Mifters of Apprentices for itl Ujage of such their Apprentices; and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted fry Afa-gistrates; as far as the lame relate to the Execution of Warrants of Distress, shall be extended, applied, and put in Execution, in relation to Warrants of Distress to be granted by virtue of this Act, as fully and amply as if the same Powers and Provisions had been severally repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at the Request of the Owner or Owners of the Goods so distrained, the same maybe sold at any rime within the four Days allowed by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty.

795

tricesimo quinto

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed to the Officer or Officers executing

fuel) Warrant or Warrants of Distress, for the safe keeping of the Goods and Chattels so distrained, for each Day tuch Goods and Chattels shall be in his or their Custody, such Sutn not exceeding five Shillings per Diem, and for any Person or Persons acting therein in the Aid and Assistance of such Officer or Officers, fjch Sum not exceeding two Shillings per Diem for each such Person, as the convicting Justice or Justices shall allow and direct to be paid, due Proof being first made on Oath, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, that sufficient Cause existed for calling in the Aid and Assistance of such Person or Persons.

V. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the Penalty so levied shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, in which the Offence shal have been committed, in such Manner as the Justice or Justices as aforesaid shall direct and appoint; and if the Person or Persons authorized to execute such Warrant or Warrants, or any or either of them, shall make a Return thereto that no sufficient Distrelscan be found whereon to levy the Penalty and Costs and Charges as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of any County, Riding, Division, or Place, within whose Jurisdiction the Party or Parties, against whole Goods and Chattels fich Warrant of Distress shall have been iflbed, shall at any Time be found, upon producing to such Just.ce or Justices such Warrant, and Return thereof, (and if such Justice or Justices shall be of any other County, Riding, Division, or Place, then, upon Oath made of the Hand-writing of the Justice or Justices granting such Warrant of Distress, and of the Truth of such Return,) to commit such Offender or Offenders to th? Common Gaol, or other Prison within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, for any Term not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than three Calendar Months, unless the said Penalty or Penalties, with the Costs, Charges, and Expences, of all Proceedings attending the Conviction and Warrant of Distress, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

VI. And whereas many Persons do presume to carry on and exercise the Trade of Alehouse-keeper and Vidtiiailer, and Retailer of Beer and Ale, without Licence, and to make Entry of Houses, Outhouses,

1 Cellars, Vaults, or Storehouses, for laying or keeping such Beer or Ale, by assumed or feigned Names,

and such Beer and Ale is frequently retailed in Houses, Outhouses, or other Places detached from their Place of Residence, whereby the Purposes of the Law have been, and still continue to be, evaded;* be it further enacted, That in case any Summons shall be issued by any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any Person or Persons to appear and answer to any Information or Complaint for selling by Retail any Beer, Ale, or other Exciseable Liquors, without Licence, the directing such Summons to such Person by the Name in which such Person shall have entered any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, or Storehouse, for laying or keeping of Beer or Ale, or in the Names by which such Person or Persons is or are, or has or have been, usually known, whether the same be the real and proper, or the affirmed or feigned. Names of such Person or Persons; and the leaving such Summons at the House, Outhouses, Cellar, Vault, or other Storehouse or Place in which such Offence is stated in any Information to have been committed, and affixing a Copy thereof on the Door, or other conspicuous Part on the Outside thereof, (such Service being proved on Oath of the Person or Persons who shall have so served such Summons, and so affixed such Copy,) shall lx? deemed, and is hereby declared to be, as legal and effectual a Notice or Summons, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same was personally given or delivered to or unto the Hands of the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be directed; and as if the same was directed to the Party or Parties by his, her, or their proper and real Name or Names.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Alehouse-keeper, Victualler, or Retailer of Beer or Ale, who shall take or receive into or have in his, her, or their Custody, Possession, or Power, any JJeer or Ale to sell or dispose thereof by Retail, shall, at least three Days before he, she, or they, shall begin so to sell or dispose of any such Ale or Beer, make a true and particular Entry in Writing at the Office of Excise, next to the Place where such Ale or Beer shall be intended to be sold and disposed of, of all and every House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, Room, Storehouse, or other Place used, or to be used for laying or keeping any such Beer or Ale, or for felling the same; and which said Entry shall set forth-the true Name or Names of the Person or Persons so making such Entry, and shall also express whether the Person making the same be an Alehouse-keeper, Victualler, or Retailer; and such Person or Persons shall be deemed to be the Occu-

>ier or Occupiers, Proprietor or Propietors, of all and every House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, Room, storehouse, or other Place, so entered, for laying or keeping such Ale or Beer, or for felling the same, so long as such Entry shall remain in force, or such Ale or Beer shall be or remain in the Custody, Possession, or rower, of the Person or Persons making such Entry; and if any Person or Persons shall, contrary to the Directions of this Act, make use of any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, Room, Storehouse, or other Place, for the laying, keening, or felling of Beer or Ale, to be sold or disposed of by Retail, without having made such Entry as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall respectively forfeit, for every Default or Neglect, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered, levied, mitigated, and distributed, in such Manner as is directed by any Law now in force, with regard to Penalties and Forfeitures on Offences against the Laws relating to the Excise; and all Storehouses, Cellars, Rooms, or other Places used by any such Innkeeper, Victualler, or other Retailer, for the Purpose of laying or keeping any Beer or Ale, or Worts inCaft^ without being so entered, shall be deemed and taken to be private and concealed Storehouses, Cellars, or Places, within the Meaning of all, each and every Act and Acts of Parliament now in force in relation to private and concealed Storehouses, Cellars, or Places, for the keeping or laying Exciseable

Liquors.

igi

Allowance t® Officers.

Applicr.iior. of Penalty.

If sufficient J>if-tTCls cannot be found, cite luf-tice may commit the Offender.

What shall he deemed legal Notice to Persons summoned to answer Inlor-mations for felling Liquors by Retail without Licence.

Retailers to make previous Entry of all Places used for

laying Beer, &c.

Penalty of 501. for not makui£ Entry.

Places rot entered, to be deemed conceal, cd Places.

jg2

Beer, tec* and Goods and Chattels, found where any Offence is committed, &c. to be liable to Distress.

Persons making Entry to be deemed Retailers.

Justices nny summon Excise Officers to produce Entries and Stock Books, and may examine them on Oath;

and may summon Retailers to produce Licences; and for rot producing them, may adjudge the Defaulters guilty.

Penalty of tol. on Witnesses not attending Summonfesj to be levied li/ Distress, and if sufficient cannot be found, the Party may be committed.

Application of Penalty.

Goods liable to Seizure, may be distrained wherever found.

Justices may indorse Warrants for seizing Goods removed into their Jurisdictions.

C.iij.

Anno triedimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Beer, Ale, Cyder, Perry, and other Exciseable Liquors, together with all other Goods and Chattels found in every and any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, Storehouse, or other Place where any such Offence as aforesaid shall have been committed, or in any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, Storehouse, or other Place belonging thereto, or occupied therewith, or which shall have been entered as aforesaid at the Excise Office, for laying or keeping therein any Beer or Ale, Cyder or Perry, by or in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons convicted, by whom or by what Title or Conveyance soever the same may be claimed, shall be liable to such Warrant or Warrants of Distress to satisfy all Penalties, Costs, and Charges, incurred by any Person or Persons for any Offence or Offences committed within or upon the same Premises, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful to levy the Penalties, and Costs and Charges, and use such Proceedings in respect of the same, as it is lawful to do in case the Offender or Offenders had been truly and really the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, of the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall make any Entry at any Office of Excise, of any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, Storehouse, or other Place, for laying or keeping of any Beer or Ale, or for felling the same therein, as an Alehouse-keeper, Victualler, or Retailer, shall be deemed a Seller by Retail of such Liquors to all Intents and Purposes; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace from Time to Time to summon before him, or before any other Justice or Justices, any Entry Keeper, Gauger, or other Excise Officer, having the Custody of Entries made by Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer or Ale, within his Division, who shall, when required, produce before such Justice or Justices, all and every Entry or Entries made at the Office ol Excise by any Person or Persons within the Division of such Officer, and also the Stock Books or other Accounts of Survey of such Persons respectively; and such Justice or Justices shall and may examine on Oath such Officer or Officers respecting any such Entry or Entries of any Houses, Outhouses, Cellars, Vaults, Storehouses, or other Places, for keeping Beer or Ale, or respecting any Stock of any Person or Persons making such Entries; and if it shall appear that any Person hath made Entry or Entries at the Office of Excise of any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault,'Storehouse, or other Place, for laying or keeping any Beer or Ale therein, or for felling the same as an Alehouse-keeper, Victualler, or Retailer, or if it shall appear that any such Person is surveyed as an Alehouse-keeper, victualler, or Retailer, and has not received or is not entitled to receive the Abatement of Duty allowed to Common Brewers, then and In such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to summon before him or them such Person or Persons, to produce to such Justice or Justices his, her, or their, Licence or Licences to fell Beer and Ale, and if such Person or Persons shall not, at the Return of such Summons, appear before such Justice or Justices, or appearing shall not produce to such Justice or Justices a Licence or Licences duly obtained and in force, it lha 1 be lawful for such Justice or Justices (Proof being made of due Service of such Summons according to this Act, in case the Party or Parties shall not appear) to adjudge the Party or Parties guilty of selling Beer or Ale by Retail without Licence, and the Party or Parties so adjudged shall be liable to the Penalties herein imposed on Persons retailing Beer or Ale without Licence.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be summoned to appear as a Witness, to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace touching the Matters aforesaid, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his or her Neglect or Refusal, (to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace,) or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence to such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, then, that every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Surrt of ten Pounds, to be levied by Warrant of Distress; and if no sufficient Distress can be found, then the said Justice or Justices before whom and in whose Contempt the Offence was committed, shall and may commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or other Prison within his or their Jurisdiction for any Term not exceeding the Space of six Calendar Months, unless the Penalty shall be sooner paid; and such Penalty shall be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, in which such Offence shall have been committed, in such Manner as the Justice or Justices so convicting shall aired! and appoint.

a I. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, after Service of any Summons to appear and answer to any. Charge of selling Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, without Licence, shall convey away any Goods or Chattels herein-before made liable to any Warrant of Distress, from the House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, Storehouse, or other Place wherein such Offence shall have been committed, or from any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, Storehouse, or other Place belonging thereto, or occupied therewith, or from any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Storehouse, or Place, which shall have been entered at the Office of Excise, by or in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons convicted for keeping or laying of Beer or Ale, or for felling the same; it shall and may be lawful for the Officer to whom such Warrant is directed, or other Person or Persons lawfully empowered or acting in his Aid or Assistance, within thirty Days after such conveying away, to seize the same wherever they may be found, and dispose of them in such Manner as if they had been distrained on the Premises: Provided always, that if any of the Goods or Chattels so removed shall be carried into any County, Riding, City, Liberty, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Magistrate or Magistrates originally issuing such Warrant of Distress, ic shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City, Liberty, or Place, into which such Goods or Chattels shall be so removed or conveyed, and he is hereby required on Proof on Oath of the Hand Writing of such Justice or Justices originally signing such Warrant, to indorse his Name on the Back thereof, which shall be sufficient Authority to any Person or Persons bringing such Warrant, and to

*93

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114.

all other Persons to whom fuel) Warrant was originally directed, to execute such Warrant of Distress, and to proceed in such Manner as if such Goods had been found and seized within the Jurisdiction of trie Justice or Justices who signed the original Warrant.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by or before whom he or she.shall have been conviiteJ of the Offences aforesaid, any and every such Person may appeal (and the said Justice or Justices are required to make known to such Person at the Time of such Conviction his or her Right to appeal) from and against such Conviction to the next General Quarter Sessions of the l*e2ce to beholden for such County, Riding, City, Division, Liberty, or Place, unless such Sessions shall be holden within six Days next after such Conviction shall be made, and in such Case to the next subsequent Sessions to be holden as aforesaid, and not afterwards, such Person at the Time of such Conviction giving to such Justice or Justices Notice in Wricing of his or her Intention to appeal, and also giving Security, to the ‘Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for the Payment of the Penalty, Costs, and Expences, aforesaid, in case such Judgment shall be confirmed on such Appeal, and also further entering into a Recognizance at the Time of such Notice, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try the Appeal, and to abide the judgment, and nay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices assembled at such Sessions; and the Justices so assembled shall thereupon proceed to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and their Judgment thereon shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and in case the Justices of the Peace so assembled at such Section shall find and adjudge any such Appeal to be frivolous or vexatious, it dial) and may be lawful to and for them to give and adjudge to the Party or Parties grieved by such Appeal, his, her, or their reasonable Costs and Chajges occa/icned thereby, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five Pounds on any one Appeal.

XIII. And, in order to prevent frivolous and vexatious Appeals, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect expressed and set Forth in an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner of licensng Alehavfes in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for the more cafy convicting Persons selling Ale and other Liquors without Licerfe> mutatis mutandis, as the Case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without dating the Case, or the Fafts or Evidence, in any more particular Manner.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, that such Person hath not been before convicted of any Offence against this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to mitigate and lessen the Penalty hereby imposed, in calc of such first Offence, but not otherwise, (oas that the Penalty (o mitigated and lessened shall not be less than ten Pounds.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Inhabitant of any Parish, Township, or Place, in which any Offence shall be committed contrary to this Act, shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her being an Inhabitant of such Parish, Township, or Place.

XVI. Provided always, and it is enacted, That all Penalties within this Act shall be sued for and determined within six Months after the Offences shall be committed.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit any Person or Persons from felling of any Ale or Beer in Booths or other Places, at the Time and Place of holding any lawful and accustomed Fair, in like Manner as such Person or Persons was or were authorized to do before the passing of this Act, by virtue of any Law or Statute in that Behalf.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for better securing the Duties on Glass.

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS the Regulations by Law' established for securing the Duties imposed for or in respect of 1 the Materials or Metal made use of in the making of Glass, made in Great Britain, have been found insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended; and it is therefore expedient to make fur- ner Regulations for the better Collection of the said Duties:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common-, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, all and every Maker and Makers of Glass, bT re he, she, or they shall begin to make any Glass, or to mix or prepare any Materials for the making of Glass, shall, in pursuance of this Act, make true and particular Entry in Writing of all Workhouses, Furnaces, Pots, Pot Chambers, Annealing Arches, Warehouses, Rooms, and other Places, by him, her, or them respectively intended to be made use of for the making or keeping of Glass, or for the making or keeping of any Pot or Pots for the making of Glass, or for the keeping of Materials mixed and prepared for the making of Glass, at the Office of Excise, within the Compass or Limits whereof such respective Workhouses, Furnaces, Pots, Pot Chambers, Annealing Arches, Warehouses, Rooms, and other Places THpeclively, shall be situate, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds for every Workhouse Furnace, Pot, Pot Chamber, Annealing Arch, Warehouse, Room, or other Place, which he, she, or they shall make use of for die making or keeping of Glass, or for the making or keeping of any Pot or Pots for the making of Glass, or for the keeping of any Materials mixed or prepared for die making of Glass, without having made such Entry thereof as aforesaid.

Appeal miy be marie to the C^aiter Sessions within a Certain Time, and on certain Conditions.

Sessions finally

to determine

Appials, and may adjudge Coils.

Convictions in

the Form set forth by 26 Geo. II. Cap. 31, to be good.

Justices may mitigate Penalties.

Inhabitants may be Witnesses.

Penalties to be

determined in six Months.

Act not to prohibit selling Ale or Beer at Fairs.

Makers of Glass, before beginning to make it, or to mix Materials, to make Entry of Work-houses, Furnaces, &c. on Penalty of soul. "

194

Officers of Excise may, at ail Times, enter into Work-houses, &c. to gage Materials, &c. and mark

Pots.

C. 114.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Penalty of 50c!. for counterfeiting Marks, and 200l. for defacing the m.

Four Hours previous Notice to be given of Intention to heat any Annealing Arch, on Penalty of aoL

No Pot to be filled with Metal till gaged by the Officer, on Penalty of 50l.

No Fire to be furred, &c. in any Furnace or Annealing Arch, to oh-struft the Offi-fct r, on Penalty of loch

Officers may unstop Pots to gage Materials.

Jf Makers, de-ftrous of making Common Glass Bottles,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Officers of Excffe, at all imes, by Day or by Night, upon his or their Request, to enter into all and every the Workhouses, Furnaces, Pot Chambers, Annealing Arches, Warehouses, Rooms, and other Places whatsoever, entered or made use ot by any Maker or Makers of Glass, for the making, preparing, or keeping any Materials for the making of Glass, or for the making or keeping of Glass, or for the making or keeping of any Pot or Pots for the making of Glass, and at any such Time or Times, and from Time to Time, to inspeef, examine, weigh, gage, or otherwise take Account of the Metal and Materials there mixed and prepared for the making of Glass, as well before such Metal and Materials shall be put into the Pot or Pots, as after the same shall be put into the Pot or Pots, and of all Glass there made or manufactured, or making or manufacturing, and also to examine, gage, or otherwise take aa Account of, the Capacity or Content of each and every Pot there found for the making of Glass, and to mark and number every such Pot, in such Manner as he or they shall think fit; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or altered, any such Mark on any Pot for the making of Glass, or (It all connive at any such Mark being so counterfeited or altered, the Person or Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully deface or obliterate any such Mark, or cause or procure any such Mark to be defaced or obliterated, or shall connive at any such Mark being so defaced or obliterated, the Person or Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker or Makers of Glass shall, by the Space of four Hours next before the beginning to light, kindle, or prepare, any Fire to heat his, her, or their Annealing Arch, into which any Pot or Pots for the making of Glass shall have been placed or set, give to the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, a Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention so to do, specifying therein the particular Pot or Pots <0 placed or set in such Annealing Arch, with the true Numbers marked by the Officer or Officers of Excise on such Pot or Pots, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Refusal to give such Notice as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Glass shall, after any Pot for the making of Glass shall have been placed or set in the Furnace, begin to fill or charge any such Pot with Metal, or Preparation for the making of Glass, until the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall have previously examined and gaged such Pot after the same shall have been placed or let in the Furnace as aforesaid; and if any Maker of Glass shall, af.er any Pot for the making of Glass shall have been placed or set in the Furnace, begin to fill or charge any such Pot with Metal, or Preparation for making of Glass, before the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall have examined and gaged such Pot, after the same shall have been so placed or set in the Furnace as aforesaid, all and every such Maker and Makers of Glass so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds. "

V. And, that the Officers of Excise may be enabled, without personal Danger or Inconvenience, to ascertain whether, after Notice given, and a Gage taken by the Officer, and without fresh Notice in Writing, any Metal, Material, or Preparation has been put into any Pot used for the making of Glass; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Glass shall, during the Space of one Quarter of an Hour after any Officer or Officers of Excise shall have entered the Glass House of any such Maker or Makers of Glass, and shall have forbidden the same, ffir or break up the Fire, or add fresh Coals or Fuel thereto, in any Furnace or Annealing Arch belonging to such Glass House, or wilfully raise any Smoke, or other noisome or offensive Vapour, whereby the Officer may be hindered or obstructed in gaging or examining any Pot or Pots placed or set in any Furnace or Annealing Arch, or in the examining the x\le-tal or Materials in any such Pot or Pots in the Furnace for the making of Glass, or in gaging or afeer-taining the Quantity of any such Metal or Materials, or in examining or counting the Vessels, Utensils, or Wares, in any Annealing Arch; and if any Maker or Makers of Glass shall, contrary to the Directions herein-before in that Behalf contained, ffir up or break up the fire, or add fresh Coals or Fuel thereto, in any Furnace or Annealing Arch as aforesaid, or wilfully raise any such Smoke, or other noisome or offen-iive Vapour, all and every such Maker and Makers of Glass shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds. fTifil

VI. ‘And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Officers of Excise are authorized by Law to unstop any Pot containing Metal or Preparation for the making of Glassnow, to obviate all such Doubts, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officer and Officers of Excise shall and may at all Times unstop or take down any Stopper from any Pot or Pots containing any Metal or Preparation for the making of Glass, for the Purpose of inspecting, examining, gaging, or taking Account of the Materials, Metal, or other Preparations, in such Pot or Pots for the making of Glass.

VII. And whereas it is expedient to ascertain and charge the Duty for and in respect of the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations made use of in Great Britain in the making of Common Glass Bottles, and other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, upon such Makers ot Glass as shall be desirous thereof, by and according to the Weight of the Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, in lieu of ascertaining the Weight of such Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, by or according to the Gage thereof taken in the Pots:’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Maker or Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils, shall be delfious ot making Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal only, in any distinct and separate Glass

A.D. 1795.

tricesimo quinto

vjt £.UK Li

House and Building, and to be charged with and pay the Duty for or in respeil of the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations made use of in the making of such Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, and shall deliver in to the Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise of the Division or Diffridl within which his, her, or their Glass House shall be situate, a Declaration in Writing of his, her, or their being delirous to be charged with and pay the said Duty, according to the Weight of the Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, and specifying the particular Glass House and Building in which such Maker or Makers shall be desirous of making the lame, then and in such Case it shall not be lawful to or for any Officer or Officers of Excise to make any Charge of Duty from any Gage or Gages taken by such Officer or Officers in any Pot or Pots of the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations made life of by such Maker or Makers in such Glass House or Building for the making of Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always nevertheless, that every such Declaration, so delivered asa.orcsaid, shall be and remain in full Force for six Months at the lead, to be computed and reckoned from the Time of the Delivery thereof, and from thenceforth until the same shall be revoked or withdrawn, by a Note or Memorandum in Writing, delivered by such Maker or Makers of Glass, tone Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise of the Division or District within which his, her, or their Glass House shall be situate.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such Declaration as aforesaid, shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to erect, build, make, and conllrucl every Annealing Arch or Oven by him, her, or them intended to be made use of in such Glass House or Building as aforesaid, for the annealing of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, in a rectangular Form, with the Sides and Ends thereof perpendicular and parallel to each other respectively, and the Bottom thereof level, and with only one Mouth or Entrance into the same, and shall number the same progressively with a durable Mark; and if any such Maker or Makers (hailere£l, build, make, or construct, any Annealing Arch or Oven contrary to the Directions of this Act, or shall neglect or refuse to number and mark the same according to the Directions of this Act, or shall make use of any Annealing Arch or Oven not constructed in the Manner before directed, all and every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lofc the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessel or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such Declaration as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, and their own Expence, find, provide, and affix a good and sufficient Iron Grating to the Mouth or Entrance of every Annealing Arch and Oven by him, her, or them intended to be made use of for the annealing of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, such Iron Grating to be approved of in Writing by and under the Hand of the respcCUve Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the^ Division or District within which such Annealing Arch or Oven shall be situate, and proper Locks and Keys, and all other necessary Fastenings for (ecuring and fealingevery such Annealing Arch and Oven, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof, shall be provided by the respective Surveyors and Supervisors of Excise of such Division or District, at the Expence of such Maker or Makers; and each and every such Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth or E'ntrance, and iron Grating thereof, shall befecurely locked, fuftened, and (baled, by the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey such Maker or Makers respectively shall from Time to Time be, at all Times, except when such Maker or Makers shall be actually at Work in putting, placing, or depositing therein Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, for the Purpose of annealing the same therein, or when such Annealing Arch or Oven shall be opened by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise in that Behalf, in pursuance of such previous Notice as is herein after directed and prescribed for opening the same, for the Purpose of lighting Fire in or heating the same for annealing Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, or (or the Purpose of drawing or taking any such Common Glass Bottles, or such other Vessels or Utensils as aforesaid, from or out of such Annealing Arch or Oven, or for the Purpose of necessarily repairing the same; and if any such Maker or Makers shall negiccl or refuse, at his, her, and their own Expence, to find or provide such good and sufficient Iron Grating, or to affix the same in the Manner herein directed, before such Annealing Arch or Oven shall be made use of as aforesaid, or to pay for any Lock, Key, or other necessary Fastening which shall be provided by any Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any Person or Persons by htm or them employed in that Behalf, in me fixing or placing any such Fastening, in such Manner as the said Officer or Officers dial) direct or think expedient to answtr the Purposes by this Act in that Behalf intended, or in the locking, sealing, or securing any such Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth or Entrance, or Iron Grating thereof, or any such Fastening as aforesaid, or by any Means, Art, Device, or Contrivance whatever, shall open any such Lock or Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth, Entrance, or Iron Grating t lereof, after the same shall have been locked, sealed, fattened, or secured, as aforesaid, before the same shall have been unlocked and opened by the Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully break or damage any such Lock, Seal, or Fastening, every such Maker or Makers, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds: Provided always neverthe-Ww, that no tuch Anntaling Arch or Oven shall be. remain, or continue unlocked or open, for any Purpose or on any Pretence whatever, (except for the ncceifaiy repairing thereof when empty,) for any greater or

*95

Sec. in distir.tt Koufes, give a Declaration tlicrcoi, and of their Desire to pay the Duty according to the Weight of the Bottles, the Officer not to charge it on the Materials in the Pot.

Declarations to remain in force for six Months at lcart.

Makers delivering such Declarations,'to mike the.r Annealing Arches of a certain form, and to number tlurn, on Penalty 01 tool.

Maker® delivering such Declaration, to fix Iron Gratings to the Month of Anr.cal.ng Arches, to be approved of by the Officer, &c.

Annealing Arches to be locked by the Officer, except at certain Times.

Penalty of 2001. for neglecting to furnish or fix Iron Gratings, or for obrtrutling Officers in placing Fasten-ings, Scc.

No Annealing Arch to remain open more than 24 Hours, except for Repairs*

Makers of Common Glass Bottles to alter Locks, Arc.

when required by the Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise, on Penalty of iool.

Makers delivering Declaration, to give xa Hours Notice of Intention to beat Annealing Arches.

Officers to attend to unlock them.

If Fires be not lighted within an Hour, the Officers to lock up the Arch,

and fresh Notice to be given.

Bottles, when blown, to be removed into the Annealing Arch, and placed as the Officers ill all approve j and Bottles of different Makings rot to be put at the same Time therein, or any other Sort of Glass, on Penalty of 501.

The Whole of Metal intended to be manufactured into Common Glass Bottles to be

worked within

16 Hoors after beginning to work it from Potsj

C. 114. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

longer Space of Time than twenty-four Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the Time when the same shall have been opened by the proper Officer of Excise; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be, at the End and Expiration of such twenty-four Hours, securely to lock, fallen, and seal such Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth, Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Locks, Keys, or Fastenings

shall be provided in pursuance of this Act, all and every Maker and Makers of Common Glass Bottle, and other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, to whom such Locks, Keys, and Fastenings respectively shall then belong, shall, at his, her, or their own Expence, from Time to Time, and at all Times, when required so to do by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors ol Excise of the Division or District in which his, her, or their Glass House shall be situate, immediately let about the altering, repairing, and amending and shall also, within a reasonable Time then next following, alter, repair, and amend, the lame reflectively, according to such KequiGtion; and if any such Maker or Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, to whom any such Locks, Keys, and Fastenings, or any or either of them, shall belong, shall neglect or refuse immediately to set about the altering, repairing, or amending the same, or to repair, amend, or alter the same, when thereunto required according to the Directions of this Act, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds. SHw

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Maker or Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Meal, having delivered such Declaration as aforesaid, shall be desirous to light, kindle, or prepare any Fire to heat his, her, or their Annealing Arch or Oven, into which any Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, are intended to be put or de polite d, for the Purpose of annealing the same, such Maker or Makers shall give to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, twelve Hours Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention, and upon such Notice being given, such Officer shall attend at the Time mentioned in such Notice, and shall unlock and open such Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to light, kindle, or prepare such Fire, within one Hour after such Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth or Entrance, and iron Grating thereof, shall be opened by such Officer, then such Notice shall be void, and such Officer shall again, immediately after the Expiration of such one Hour, lock up, fallen, and seal, such Annealing Arch and Oyen, and the Mouth or Entrance, and the Iron Grating thereof, in Manner aforesaid; and such Maker and Makers shall give the like and a fresh Notice in Writing to such Officer, before such Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth or Entrance, or Iron Grating thereof, shall be again opened.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of

Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such Declaration as aforesaid, shall, when and lo soon as the lame shall be severally and respectively blown or made* remove all and singular the Common Bottles, and other Vessels and Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, by him, her, or them so blown or made, directly into such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens* and shall there place and deposit the same in such Manner and Form as the Officer or Officers of Excise, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be, shall approve, and so that the same may the moll easily and securely be viewed, inspected, and examined, and the Numbers and Kinds thereof respectively ascertained in each and every such Annealing Arch or Oven; and no such Maker or Makers shall, at one and the same Time, pur, place, have, or keep, in any such Annealing Arch or Oven, any Common Bot-< ties, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, of different Makings, or h illings or Chargings of the Pots, nor shall any such Maker or Makers put, place, or keep any other Sort or Species of Glass or Glass W7ares whatever, or any Phials, in any such Annealing Arch or Oven entered or made use of for tho annealing of Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to remove, when and so loon as the same shall be blown or made* any such Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils respectively of Common Bottle Metal, by him, her, or them made, directly into such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, or to place or deposit any such Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils, in Manner and Form as aforesaid, or if any such Maker or Makers shall, at one and the same Time, put, place, or keep in any such Annealing Arch or Oven, any Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, of different Making, or Fillings or Chargings of the Pots, or put, place, have, or keep, any other Sort or Species of Glass or Glass Wares whatever, or any Phials, in any Annealing Arch or Oven entered or made use of for the annealing of Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such Declaration as aforesaid, and having begun to work any Common Bottle Metal from or out of any Pot or Pots, shall, without any unnecessary Delay or Interruption, continue to work such Common Bottle Metal out of all and every the Pots then charged in such Glass House or Building, and shall proceed therein until the Whole of the Metal by him, her, or them intended to be manufactured shall be worked out of all such Pots, and shall finish such working out thereof within sixteen Flours next after such Maker or Makers shall so have begun to work out the same; and when and so soon as such Metal shall have been so worked out as

795

tricesimo quinto

C. 114

aforesaid, and the Common Glass Bottles or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, made or manufactured therefrom, put or deposited in the Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, such Maker or Makers shall, in the Pretence of the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be, again charge each and every such Pot and Pots with fresh Materials or Preparations, (other than Cullet-or broken Glass,) not less in Quantity than fifty Pounds Weight, and shall also deliver to such Officer a Declaration in Writing, specifying the true Number of Bottles, and whether the same are reputed Quart or Pint Bottles, or Bottles of any other and what reputed Measure, and the true Numbers and Kinds of any other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal put or deposited and contained in each and every such Annealing Arch respectively; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to work the Metal from.or out of such Pot or Pots within such sixteen Hours as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Declaration in Writing as last aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers so offending thall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Maker or Makers shall incur or be liable to the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds for or by reason of his, her, or their not delivering a true Declaration as last aforesaid, in any case where the Number of Bottles, Vessels, or Utensils respectively, of any particular Kind, specified in any Declaration so delivered, shall not differ from the Number of Bottles, Vessels, or Utensils respectively, so put, deposited, or contained in any such Annealing Arch, in any greater Proportion than in the Proportion of five in the hundred; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, who shall have begun to work any Common Bottle Metal from or out of any Pot in his, her, or their Glass House or Building, shall be deemed and taken to have begun to work out’ the Common Bottle Metal from and out of every Pot which shall at that Time be charged with any Materials or Metal, or other Preparations made use of in the making of Common Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal within the

fane Glass House or Building.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such Dec! 1 ration as first aforesaid. Ilia!!, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights at the Place or Places where he, she, or they shall make or manufacture Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, and shall at his, her, and their own Expence, find,

affix a fit and proper Hook or Staple in a proper Place, to be approved of in Writing by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or Distriiit in which his, her, or their Glass House shall he situate, and also permit and fuller any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same for the Purpose of weighing and taking an Account of the Bottles, and other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, which shall at any Time be in the Possession of such Maker or Makers of Glass; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall nor, at his, her, or their own Expence, find, provide, and affix a fit and proper Hook or Staple in a proper and convenient Place, to be approved of in Writing by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or District in which his, her, or their Glass House shall be situate, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any such Maker or Makers of Glass (bail, in the weighing of any such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, make use of, or cause,'or procure, or suffer to be made use of, any fulfe, unjust, or insufficient Scales or Weights, or shall prisSlile any Art, Device, or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight of any such Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, then and in every such Case such Maker or Makers (lull, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds with all such false, unjust, or insufficient Scales and Weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such Declaration as first aforesaid, and being deilrous to draw or take any Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, from or out of any Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, to him, her, or them belonging, shall, by the Space of twelve Hours next before the beginning to draw or take any such Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils, from or out of any such Annealing Arch or \rcr.es, or Oven or Ovens,-give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, a Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention, specifying each particular Arch or Oven, and the Number thereof, from and out of which it is intended to take such Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, and the particular Time and Hour at which it is so intended to begin to draw or take the same from or out of such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, and upon such Notice being given, such Officer shall attend at the Time mentioned in such Notice, and shall unlock and open such Annealing Arch and Arches, and Oven and Ovens, for the Purpose aforesaid, and such Of-shall attend to fee such Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils, re(pe£hvely drawn or taken from and out o; such Annealing Arch and Arches, and Oven and Ovens, and such Maker or Makers shall imme-diaidy on such Officer’s Attendance begin to draw and take, and shall proceed and continue, without any unnecessary Delay or Interruption, to draw and take, from and out of such Annealing Arch and Arches, Oven or Ovens, the Whole of the Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, and shall

197

and when the Bottles are put in the Annealing Arch, the Pots to be charged again in the Presence of the Officer, and a Declaration of the Number of Bottles delivered him, on Penalty of tool.

Penalty rot incurred if the Number declared c'oes not differ from the attual Nun.her more than five in the 100.

Beginning to work Metal out of any Pot, to be deemed beginning to work the Whole Chen charged.

Scales and Weights to be kept for the Use of the Officers, on Penalty of 50 J.

Penalty of 1001, for uiing false Weights, &c#

rz Hours previous Notice to be given of Intention to take Bottles out of the Annealing Arch:

Officer to attend, and the Whole to bb taken out within four Hours,

19

C. 114.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Pottles, when taken out, to b? weighed in the I'refence of the Olticer.

Penalty of tool, for delaying to draw, cr not clearing out the Whole in four Hours.

If Makers neglect to beg.n -drawing Bottles out of Anntal-incpArche, immediately on their being opened, fresh Notice to be given.

No Notice to be given for drawing out Bottles, but between certain Hours.

In weighing Common Class Bortlcs 1 lb. per ico, to be allowed lor Turn of the Scale.

Makers to assist Officers in weighing, &c. on Penalty of 50l.

The Allowance by 17 Geo. III. Cap. 39, of 1.5th Part of t!tc Metal in Pots for making Common Bottles, repealed.

Bottles not to be conveyed from Annealing Arch till weightd, and to be produced for that Purpose, on Penalty of 100l.

shall draw and take the Whole of such Bottles, and other Vessels and Utensils respectively, from and out of such Annealing Arch and Arches, and Oven and Ovens, within the Space of four Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the Time of such beginning to draw or take such Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils, from and out of any such Annealing Arch or Oven as aforesaid; and such Maker or Makers shall, immediately on such Bottles, and other Vessels and Utensils respectively, being so drawn or taken from or out of such Annealing Arch or Oven, proceed to weigh the Whole thereof with such Scales and Weights as aforesaid, in the Presence of such Officer, and such Weight shall be deemed and taken to be the Weight of the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations from which such Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils respectively, shall have been made; and such Maker or Makers shall be charged with and pay the Duty for or in respect of such Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, according to such Weight: And if any such Maker or Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having given such Notice, and begun to draw or take any such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils. from or out of his, her, or their Annealing Aich or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, shall not proceed and continue, without any unnecessary Delay or Interruption, to draw and take the Whole of such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils respectively of Common Bottle Metal, from and oyt of such Annealing Arch and Arches, and Oven and Ovens, or shall not draw and tike the Whole of (u*h Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils respectively, from and out of such Annealing Arch and Arches, and Oven and Ovens, within the Space of four Hours, to be computed and reckoned as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and it any such Maker or Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having given any such Notice as last aforesaid, shall neglect or rcfjfe to begin to draw or take such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils respectively, from or out of his, her, or their Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, immediately after such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, and the Mouths or Entrances, and iron Gratings thereof, shall be opened by such Officer, then such Notice shall be void, and such Officer shall again immediately lock up, fallen, and leal, each and every such Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth or Entrance, or Iron Grating thereof, in Manner aforesaid, and such Maker and Makers shall give the like and a fresh Notice in Writing to such Officer before any such Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth or Entrance, or Iron Grating thereof, shall be again opened: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Maker or Makers of Common Glals, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, shall be at Liberty to give any such Notice to draw or take any such Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils respectively, from or out of any of his, her, or their Annealing Arches or Ovens, except in the Day-time, and that between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon; and that every Notipe given for the drawing or taking any such Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils respectively, from or out of any Annealing Arch or Oven, at any Hour or Time, other than in the Daytime, and that between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, shall, and the same is hereby declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Pui poles whatsoever. J

XVII. Prov ided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the weighing as aforesaid of any such Common Glass Bottle*, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, the Turn of the Scale shall be given in favour of the Crown; and in lieu thereof there shall be allowed to such xMaker or Makers of such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, one Pound Weight upon each and every one hundred Pounds of such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Aietal.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of

Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottie Metal, having delivered such Declaration as first aforesaid, shall, when and so often as he, she, or they shall be thereunto required by the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, with a Sufficient Number of his, her, or their Servants, aid and assist, to the utmost of his, her, or their Power, such Officer or Officers in weighing and taking an Account of all Common Glass Bottles, and other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, of such Maker or Makers, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal the Sum of fifty Pounds. '

XIX. And whereas, by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

amongst other Things, for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass, it was enacted, that in Pots used for the making of Common Bottles, and of other Vessels or Utensils therein-before mentioned, to be made of Common Bottle Metal, an Allowance should be made to the Makers thereof, of one fifth Part of the Metal or other Materials contained therein: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited A L 4 lowance Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Allowance shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and no such Allowance shall hereafter be made.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Common Glass Betties, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such Declaration as flrfl aforesaid, shall convey away any Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, from any Annealing Arch or Oven before the proper Officer of Excise shall have weighed the same, or shall neglect or refuse to produce any such Common Glass Bottles, Vessels, or Utensils to

such Officer, that he may weigh the same, according to the Directions of this Act; and if any such Maker or Makers shall convey away any Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, from any Annealing Arch or Oven, before the proper Officer of Excise shall have weighed the Lime, or shall neglect or refuse to produce any such Common Glass Bottles, Vessels, or Utensils, to such

199

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114.

Officer that he may weigh the same, according to the Directions of this Act, every such Maker or Makers of Glass shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lofc the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such Declaration as first aforesaid, shall, front Time to Time, and at all Times, keep all Common Glass Bottles, and all other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, (and which shall not have been weighed by the Officer of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act,) separate and apart from all Common Glass Bottles, and other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Met al, which (h dl have been weighed, and from all other Glass Wares whatsoever, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maker or Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such Decl iration as first aforesaid, shall, for the annealing of any Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, make use of any private or concealed Annealing Arch, Oven, Utensil, or Place whatever, other than his, her, or their known Annealing Arch or Arches entered for that Purpose, or if any such Maker or Makers shall fraudulently remove or convey away any Common Gldfs Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, before the same shall have been weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, or shall fraudulently hide or conceal any Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, each and every such Maker and Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such Declaration as first aforesaid, shall make or manufacture, within the same Glass House or Building, by him, her, or them entered or used for the making or manufacturing of Common Glass Bottles, or in any Glass House or Building adjoining thereto, any Pnials, or any other Sort or Species of Glass or Glass Wares whatever, except Common Bottles, and other Vessels and Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, which Vessels and Utensils shall be such only as were, immediately before the passing of this Act, usually made of Common Bottle Metal; and if any such Maker or Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, shall make or manufacture, within the same Glass House or Building, by him, her, or them entered or used for the making or manufacturing of Common Glass Bottles, or in any Glass House or Building adjoining thereto, any Pnials, or any other Sort or Species of Glass or Glass Wares, except Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal as aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers respectively shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lole the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall have cause to suspect, that any Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, which have been fraudulently removed or conveyed away before the same shall have been weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, then and in such Case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, or any two or more of them; or in case such Place shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Officer or Officers shall suspect:

lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, (as the Case may require,) before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant or Warrants, under his and their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night-time in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so suspect such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, to be deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, and to (eize and carry away all such Common CjLis Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, which he or they shall then and there find so depofued, lodged, hid, or concealed, as forfeited; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall let, chilrudl, or hinder any such Officer or Officers so authorized or empowered, or any other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, in the Execution of such Warrant, from entering any such Place or Places where such Officer or Officers shall so suspect such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, to be so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, or in seizing or carry’.. ig away the same, or in the due Execution of any such Warrant, the Person or Persons to offending, (hi.i for each and every such Offence severally forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Athority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excile in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them given or granted by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Glass, the Person or Persons (ooftendn g therein shall, for each and every such Offence, (other than those for which any Penalty taicm-before specially imposed or provided,) severally forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

Bottles weighed and not weighed to be kept separate, on Penalty of 501.

Penalty of 5001, for using private Annealing Arches, or removing Bottles not weighed, or concealing the m.

No Phials, &c. to be made in any Building entered for making Common Glass Bottles, or in any adjoining Bu»lding, on Penal y of 2001.

On Oath of Ground of Suspicion that any Bottles have been removed before being weighed. Officers may by. Warrant search suspected Places, and seize the Bottles, Arc*

and Persons obstructing them to forfeit 200l.

Penalty of 2001. on Persons obstruling Officers in any Part of their Duty.

200

Act not to prevent Officers from gaging Mttal before it iti put into Hot5* or taking Samples.

Recovery and Application of Penalties-

Towers of Arts relating to the Duties on Glass, except hereby altered, to remain in ib.ee.

Commencement and Continuance of Act.

During the present War, and for tS Months after its Conclusion, Ships arriving from the East Indies on account of the Company, may

be permitted to

enter rheir Goods, though nor Eriti/n

built, if built

C. 115. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

XXVI. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained, relative to ascertaining and

charging the Duty on the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations uled in the making Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, by and according to the Weight of such Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make it unlawful to or for any Officer or Officers of Excise from Time to Time, and at all Times, to inspect, examine, gage, or othmvife take Account of the Metal and Materials mixed and prepared for the making of Glass in any such Glass House or Building as aforesaid, as well before such iMctal or Materials shall be put into any Pot or Pots, as after the same shall be put into any Pot or Pots, or to take a Sample or Samples, not exceeding four Ounces in the Whole, out of each such Pot, or any other Vessel or Utensil containing such Preparation for making Glass.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, shall be fuecl for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is -or may be died for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJhnmJ}cry or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety

to him, her, or them who shall discover, inform, or iue for the same:

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Me-

thods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, whichj in and by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on the Materials, or Metal or other Preparations made use of in Great Britain in the making of Glass, in force immediately before the passing of this Act, are contained, provided, settled, or established, (or managing, afieffing, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the Paid Duties, and for preventing, detecting, and punching Frauds relating thereto, (except where the same are expressly altered by this Act.) shall be and remain in full force, to all Intents and Purposes, and the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, (except as before excepted,) shall continue 10 be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, (except as before excepted,) as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had bpen expressly inserted and re-enacted in this present Act. - J *4| M

XXIX. And be it fui rher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in refixrdl whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and shall remain and continue in force, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof it is not hereby otherwise directed, for the Space of two Years to be computed from that Day.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for allowing, for a limited Time, the Importation of Goods from India and China, and ether Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of British-built, nor registered as such; and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under certain Restrictions,

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, with the Approbation of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, have fetit Instructions to their Presidencies in the East Indies to take up such proper Ships as they can pro- cure for fending Home Investments of Goods from India and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the said Company’s Trade, in the Place of Ships usually lent from this Country to India and China for that Purpose, which last mentioned Ships now are, or may be engaged in the Public Service: And whereas the Ships so to be taken up may not be British-built, or have been registered as such, and may not be navigated as required by the Laws now in force:’ Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if, during the "Continuance of the present War, and for eighteen Months after the Conclusion thereof, any such Snip shall arrive in the Ports of this Kingdom, freighted with Goods in the Manner, and from any of the Places within the Limits before-mentioned, it shall and may be lawful, upon Representation made by or on Behalf of the said Company to his Majesty in Council, for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to authorize the Importation and Entry of such Goods, subject to the like Duties and no other, as if they were imported in British-built Ships, though such Goods shall be brought in Ships which may not be British-built, nor have been registered as British)-built Ships, nor navigated as required by the Laws now^ in force; provided the said Ships shall have been built within the Territories belonging to the said United East India Company, or in the Ports under the immediate Protection of the British Flag in the East Indies; and also to permit such Ships to export from this Kingdom to the British Settlements in the East Indies, or to any of the Places within the Limits before mentioned, with the License and Consent of the said Company, any Goods,

201

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 116.

Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, Ordnance and Military Stores excepted; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

W' pany, tec. and to export Goods

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That stich Ships shall not be liable to Forfeiture, nor shall any Persons whatever be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture on account of any Importation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in pursuance of this Act, or of any Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council which may be issued in virtue thereof.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to remove Doubts arising from the Construction of certain Acts of this Session of Parliament respecting the Duties of Excise thereby granted on Wash, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Foreign Spirits, Wines, and Sweets.

[26th June 1795.]

collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and hings therein after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or

in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise therein-after mentioned: And whereas Doubts may arise respecting the true Construction of the said Act

viate and remove all such Doubts, and to declare

Now, to ob-

the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, it is hereby declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, under and by virtue of the said Act, the further Duty of one Penny, first mentioned in the said Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be, and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which was brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consump-tien, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, and was not actually distilled into Spirits on or before the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like fermented Wort or Wash which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, brewed or made for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the further Duty of one Penny, secondly mentioned in the said Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be, and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of evenj Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other YVafh or Liquor, which was brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England* from any Sort or Kind of British Materials

for

Spirits for Home

w / -

ials, (except such as are before mentioned,) or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Consumption, and was not actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty third Uay or rebruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Cyder or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor, which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, brewed or made for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the Duty of one Penny Halfpenny, mentioned in the said Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be, and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which was brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and was not actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like fermented Wort or Wash which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, brewed or made for the Purpose aforesaid; and that me further Duty of two Pence, mentioned in the said Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Gallon of Wash which was brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Foreign refused Wine or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Melasses and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and was not actually distilled into Spirits on or before

ne said twenty-third Day of /V^ri/^ry one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Wash which lince the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, brewed or made for the Purpose aforesaid; and also that the further Duty of two Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings, and (o in Proportion, mentioned in the said Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to

and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every ninety-six Gallons of Wash, which Sir; >Lam Bijhofa Avglet Btjhob, and George Bifio/>, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, did produce from

\Veight of Malt or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve Fourds, and which was not actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty-third Day of February

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Wath which, 35 G10. ill. Dd lince

within the Territories belonging to the Com-> the Fart Indies.

Such Ships not liable to Forfeiture, nor the Persons import -ing liable to Penalty.

35 Geo. III

Cap. ii, recited.

Additional Duties imposed by recited Act, to extend as well to Wash made and not actually didil. led into Spirits on or before Feb. 23, 1 795, as to Wash made since that Day.

202

35 Geo. III. Cap. 13, recited }

and the additional Duties thereby imposed on Cocoa Nuts and Coffee delivered out of Warehouses for Home Consumption, to

extend as well to what was imported, and so delivered, on or before Feb.

23> J795> and for which the Duties were not then paid, as to Cocoa Nuts and Coffte imported, and so delivered since that Day,

t

35 hVf. III. Gap. recited.

Additional Duties of ic d. and 1 s. 8d. per Gallon on Brandy, and S d. and *s. 4 d. per Gallon on Spirits of the Entish Colonies, imposed by recited Act, 10 extend, as well to those imported, and for which Duty was not paid, on or before Feb. 23, 1795, as to

C. 516. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, so produced for the Purpose aforesaid.

II. And whereas by another Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Feci, Cojfee, and Cocoa Nuts, it was enacted, that there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things therein-after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise therein-afeer mentioned: And whereas Doubts may also arise respecting the true Construction of the said last mentioned Act:’ Now, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, and to declare the true Intent and Meaning of the said last mentioned Act, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, the further Duty of six Pence Halfpenny, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, which was imported into Great Britain on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, and which was delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same had been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon for Honfte Consumption, on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Pound Weight of the like Cocoa Nuts which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, imported into Great Britain, and afterwards delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption; and that the said further Duty of one Shilling and eight Pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, which was imported into Great Britain on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and^ ninety-five, and which was delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same had been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, on or before the find twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Pound Weight of the like Cocoa Nuts which, since the said twenty-third of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, imported into Great Britain, and afterwards delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption; and that the said further Duty of six Pence Halfpenny, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Coffee which was imported into Great Britain on or befote the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which was delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same had been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Pound Weight of Coffee, which since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, imported into Great Britain, and afterwards delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption.

III. And whereas, by another Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits, it was enabled, that there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things therein-after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise therein- after mentioned: And whereas Doubts may also arise respecting the true Construction of the said last mentioned Act:* Now, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, and to declare the true Intent and Meaning of the said last mentioned Act, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, the further Duty often Pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed as well for and in respect of every Gallon of Single Brandy which was imported into Great Britain, and Yor which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Single Brandy which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been or after the passing of this Act fhrdl be, imported into Great Britain; and that the further Duty of one Shilling and eight Pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shalt be deimed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Gallon o! Brandy above Proof, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Brandy above Proof, which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be,

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 116.

£1

imported into Great Britain \ and that the further Duty of eight Pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the same dial) be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Fites, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundrea and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Fites, which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the patting of this Ashall be, imported into Great Britain \ and that the further Duty of one Shilling and four Pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Fit* above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of /V-bruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Fites above Proof, which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, imported into Great Britain; and that the further Duty of eight Pence is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, for and in respect of every Gallon of Rum or Spirits of the Produce of the British Plantations, which, on the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was or were in any Warehouse in which the same had been put, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained and provided in an Add, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerning the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the same in Ware-houses, and which was or were, from and after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption (except such Rum or Spirits as in the said Act is or are excepted); and that the further Duty of one Shilling and four Pence is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, for and in respect of every Gallon of Rum or Spirits over Proof, of the Produce of the British Plantations, which, on the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any such Warehouse, and which was or were, from and after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption (except such Rum or Spirits as in the said Aift is or are in that Behalf excepted); and that the further Duty of ten Pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Gallon of Single Spirits or Aqua Fites (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid) which was imported into Great Britain, and son which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Single Spirits or Aqua Fites, which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,-hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, imported into Great Britain j and that the further Duty; of one Shilling and eight Pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every. Gallon of Spirits or Aqua Fites (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid) above Proof, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or determined by f jre the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Spirits or Aqua Fitts, which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath b«en, or after the passing of this Act shall be, imported into Great Britain

IV. And whereas by another Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for grant- rng to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Wine and Siveets, it was enacted, that there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use oHiis Majesty, his Heirs and Succef- fors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things therein-after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise therein-after mentioned: And whereas Doubts may also arise respecting the true Construction of 4 t :e said last mentioned ActNow, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, and to declare the true Intent and Meaning of the said last mentioned Adf, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, the further Duty~of thirty Pounds, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Tun of French Wine, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-taird Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Tun of the like Wine which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of any such Wine; and that the further Duty of twenty Pounds, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Tun of Portugal and Afaderia Wine, and W inc of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sous, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were net paid nn or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and l:* reflect of every 'fun of the like Wine which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand D d 2 seven

203

those imported since that Day;

and the additional Duties of 8 d. and t s. 44. per Gallon rt-spectively imposed on imported Spirits in Warehouses, to extend to all so warehoused on Feb. 23, 1795, and delivered after that Day for Home Consumption.

I

Additional Du-

ties unposed by, recited Act, of tod. and is. 8d. respectively, on Spirits, other than Brandy, &c. to extend as well to those imported, and for which Doty was not paid, on or bciore Feb. 23, 1795, as to those imported lincc that Day.

35 Geo. III. Cap. 10, recited.

W

I

Additional Duties of 301. and 201. per Tun' respectively imposed by recited Act on French

and oilier Wines, to extend as well to

those imported,

and for which Dufy was not paid, on or before Feb. 23, 1795, as to those imported finer that Day;

204

and the additional Duty on Sweets, to be deemed imposed on all made after that Day.

Powers of 12 Car. 11. Cap. 24, tec. to extend to this Act.

15 Geo. III. Cap. 34.

27 Geo. III. Cap. 13, and

30 Geo. III. Cap. 41,

C. 117.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Wine; and that the further Duty of eleven Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity* mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, for and in respect of every Barrel of Liquor which was made in Great Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or dilhn-guished by the Name of Made Wines, after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety five.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excile, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, from any Country whatever, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit.

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Manufactures of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom,

reducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil, imported from Ireland; and for allowin the free Importation of Rape Cakes for Manure, from Ireland, to this Kingdom; and by another Act, pafl__

in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excfe, and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties,

together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods,

4 Ivares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King,

into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; and by another Act passed in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on the Importation from any Jf 4 the Provinces in North America, of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for ext racting OH, and for allowin'*

the Importation from the said Provinces of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, used for Manure,

4 Duty-free; Rape Seed, and all other Seeds'commonly made use of for the Purpose of extracting Oil therefrom, being the Growth of Ireland, or of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, or Provinces, in North America, are allowed to be imported from thence, on Payment of the Duty of one Shilling per Last, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above the Price of seventeen Pounds ten Shillings per Last, under certain Conditions, Regulations, and Rellndtions; and also Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, and commonly used for the Purpose of Manure, being the Growth of Ireland, ox of the said Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, in North America, Duty-free: And' 4 whereas it is expedient to permit the Importation of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds commonly made use of for the Purpose of extracting Oil therefrom, from any Country whatsoever, in like Manner, and under the same Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as such Seeds are allowed to be imported from Ireland, or the said Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, in North America, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever, to import into Great Britain, in a British-built Ship owned and navigated according to Law, from any Country whatever Rape Seed, and all other Seeds commonly made use of for the Purpose of extiacling Oil therefrom, on Payment of the Duty of one Shilling per Lad, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above the Price of twenty Pounds per Lall, and under the same Conditions, Rules, and Restrictions Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Seeds are now allowed to be imported from Ireland, or from his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, or Provinces in North America.

Rape, and all ocher Seeds used lor extracting Oil therefrom, may be imported in British-built Ships, born any Country, on the Duty of 1 s. per

I»rice of Middling British Rape Seed is 201. per Last.

Continuance of Act.]

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force for one Year and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Z* jJ a

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118. 205

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for charging Warehouse Relit on Wines, in certain cases, secured in His Majesty's Warehouses; for equalizing the Duties on Wines exported to India and China; and for providing Warehouses for Coffee and Cocoa Nuts imported into this Kingdom.

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Warehouse Relit should be paid for Foreign Wine,.in certain Case?, and that the same should be disposed of in Manner herein after directed:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thou-fimd seven hundred and ninety-five, when the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, or Consignee or Consignees, shall neglect or refuse to make due Entry of any Foreign Wine, or to pay the Duties, or to land such Wine, within the twenty Days prescribed by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

If Foreign Wine is not entered, of the Duties paid, or if it is not landed with—

laid Ad, be carried or conveyed to any of his Majesty's Warehouses for Security of the Duties due or payable in respect of such Wine, the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, or Consignee or Con-

signees, of such Wine, over and besides the Duties for or in refined of such Wine, shall, before the same shall be delivered to him, her, or them, from or out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, first pay into the Hands of the proper Warehouse Keeper of Customs or Excise, Warehouse Relit for such Wine, at and after

and it should be conveyed to the King’s Warehouse agreeably to

the Rate of six Pence ter Week for each and every Calk or other Package of such Wine, from the Day on CaP- 59> w*re-which such Wine shall have been unladen or taken from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall £oufe. Jcnt have been imported, until the Day on which such Wine shall be cleared and taken out of such Warehouse Expenses!/ cr Warehouses, together with the Costs, Charges, and Exquences, attending the conveying of such Wine,

Casks, and Packages to such Warehouse or Warehouses, or other wise relating to such Wine, Casks, and Packages; and if the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, or Conligee or Consignees, of such Wine, shall, for the Space of three Months from the Time of such Wine having been so carried or conveyed to such Warehouse or Warehouses, omit, neglect, or refuse to pay and satisfy all the Duties due and payable for or in respect of such Wine, together with such Warehouse Relit, Costs, Charges, and Expences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise in England and Scotland or the major Part of them respectively for the Time being, after the Expiration of such three Months, to cause all such Wine, Casks, and Packages to be publicly sold to the bcfl Bidder, at such Places as the said respective Commissioners shall think proper, for and towards satisfying such Duties, Warehouse Relit, Cods, Charges, and Expences; and if the Money arising from such Sale shall be equal to, or more than sufficient to pay and satisfy all the said Duties, together with such Warehouse Relit, Costs, Charges, and Expences, the respective Receivers General of the Customs in England and Scotland for the Time being fin case the said respective Commissioners of the Customs, or the major Part of them respectively, shall cause such Wine to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective Commissioners of Excise so much of the Proceeds of such Sale as will be sufficient to satisfy the Excise Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of such Wine; and the said respective Commissioners of Excise ( n calc they, or the major Part of them re-Dedively, shall cause such Wine to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective Receivers General of the (Justoms so much of the Proceeds oi such Sale as will be sufficient to satisfy the Custom Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of such Wine, and the Overplus (if any be) shall be paid to the Importer or Importers,

Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, of such Wine, or other Person or Persons authorized to receive the same; and if, upon such Wine being put up or offered to Sale, no Person or Persons shall offer or bid for the same as much or more iVIoney than the said Duties taken together would amount to, together with such Warehouse Relit, Coif, Charges, and Expences, as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners respectively to cause the same to be publicly fold, as they the said respective Commissioners shall think bell, either for Exportation immediately from such Warehouse or Warehouses, or in order to be diddled into Brandy, or to be made into Vinegar, under the inspection of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, at the entered Distillery or Vinegar Works of some licensed Distiller or Vinegar Maker, taking sufficient Security by Bond, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to the Satisfaction of the major Part of such Commissioners respectively, that such Wine be not made use of for any Purpose whatsoever, other than that for which the same shall be so fold; ar«d the said respective Commissioners shall, out of the Money arising from such Sale as lad mentioned, discharge and pay, in the fird Place, all such Warehouse Relit, Cods, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, and shall divide the Residue (if any be) into five equal Parts; and the said respective Commissioners of the Customs (in case they, or the major Part of them, shall cause such Wine to be so fold) shall pay over three of such five Pans to the said respective Commissioners of Excise, towards satisfying the Excise Duties for or in respect of such Wine; and the said respective Commissioners of Excise (in case they, or the major Part of them respectively, shall cause such Wine to be so fold) shall pay over two of such five Parts to the said teficclive Receivers General of the Customs. towards satisfying the Cudom Duties for or in respect of such Wine.

If the Duties, &0, are not paid in three Months, the Wine may be sold for Payment j

and when put up to Sale, if sufficient to pay-the Duties, &c. shall not be of--fered, the same may be publicly, fold lor Exportation or Diflil-lation, &c.

Division of the Produce.

2o6

Wine so fold for Exportation, if (hipt before Bond be given,

forfeited.

Manner in which Bond shall be difi. charged.

Receipts of the Commissioners of Excise and Customs re spec-tively, to be sufficient Discharges.

Persons forging, &c. Certificates for Discharge of Bonds, or Officers conniving at them, to forfeit 2001.

Wine if unladen in the Kingdom, after it is shipt, to be forfeited with Treble the Value.

For Foreign Wine exported to China, the same Drawback fO be allowed as for Wine sent to the East Indies,

on Conditions of recited Act.

C. 118. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Wine, which shall be so fold for Exportation, shall be laden on board any Ship or Vessel in any of the Ports of this Kingdom, before such Bond shall be given, the Wine so laden, together with the Casks and other Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such respective Securities by Bond, herein-before directed to be given, shall be discharged in Manner herein after mentioned: (that is to say,) for such of the said Wines as shall be sold for Exportation, and to be landed in Ireland, the Condition of the Bond shall he, to bring in a Certificate in Discharge thereof, within six Months from the Date of the Bond; and within twelve Months for such of the said Wines as shall be sold for, and to be landed in any other Foreign Port or Place in Europe; and within eighteen Months for such of the said Wines as shall be sold for, and to be landed in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America or Africa, or any of the United States of America; and within twenty-four Months for such of the said Wines as shall be sold for, and to be landed in any Port or Place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope\ which said Certificate for such Wines as aforesaid as shall be landed in any Port or Place where any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs there, importing that such Wine was there landed, and testifying the landing thereof; and if no Officer of his Majesty's Customs shall be resident in such Port or Place where such Wine shall be lauded, such Certi-iicate shall be signed by the Britisfh Conftd, or other Person acting as such there, purporting that such Wine was there landed, and testifying the landing thereof; and if no Officer of his Majesty's Customs, or British Consul, or other Person acting as such, shall be resident in such Port or Place where- such Wine shall be landed, such Certificate shall be under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants then being at such Port or Place, that such Wine was there landed, or such Bond or Bonds shall be discharged upon Proof, in either of the said cases, that such Wine was taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas, or by Fire, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively-for the Time being; and such Bond herein-before directed to be given for such Wine as shall be so sold to be distilled into Brandy, or made into Vinegar, shall be discharged on the Production of a Certificate front the proper Officers or Officer of Excise, that such Wine has been so made use of, within three Months after the same shall have been delivered out of such Warehouse.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receipts of the said respective Commissioners of Excise shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said respective Receivers General of the Customs for such Money as they shall so pay to the said respective Commissioners of Excise, and the Receipts of the said respective Receivers General of the Customs shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said respective Commissioners of Excise for such Monies as they shall so pay to the said respective Receivers General; and such Receipts shall severally be allowed by the proper Officer or Officers in passing the Accounts of the said respective Commissioners of Excise and Receivers General of the Customs.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or

counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited any Certificate by this Act required for the Discharge of any Bond or Bonds given, entered into, or executed, for or in respect of any such Wine, or shall produce to any Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or to any Collector or other Officer of Excise, or make use of any forged, counterfeited, false or untrue Certificate, as and for any Certificate by this Act required for the Dischafge of any such Bond or Bonds, knowing the same to be so forged or counterfeited, or if any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise shall connive at any such Certificate being so forged or counterfeited, or at any such forged, counterfeited, false, or untrue Certificate being so produced or made use of, all and every the Person and Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.: 7 1 "4113

VI. And be it further enacted, That if, after the shipping of any such Wine, the same Wine, or any

Part thereof, shall be unshipped, unladen, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, within this Kingdom, (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted,) that then and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's Use, all such Wine which shall be so unshipped, unladen, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, within Great Britain, (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted,) with Treble the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and such Wine shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

VII. And whereas the Drawback of the Duties of Excise now allowed for or in respect of Foreign Wine exported to China is less than such Drawback allowed for or in respect of such Foreign Wines exported to the British Settlements in the East Indies, and it is expedient to equalize the said Drawbacks;’ be it therefore enacted, I hat there shall be paid and allowed, for or in respect of all Foreign Wines which shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to China, the same Drawback of the Duties of Excise as are now by Law allowed for or in ref|>edt of Foreign Wine exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any British Settlement in the East Indies: Provided always nevertheless, that no Drawback granted by this Act shall be paid or allowed, nor any Certificate or Debenture for the same be given or made out, (ave and except upon the same Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained, provided, settled, or established, in and by the said Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and the said Rules, Regulations, Re-ftridbons, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be used, applied, practised, and put-in Execution on the Exportation of W'ine, for the Purpose ci* obtaining the Drawback by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the

' raid

20 7

795

tricesimo quinto

feid Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act. r, .,r,

VIII. And whereas the Laws now in force for securing the Duties upon Coffee and Cocoa Nuts have been found inefficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended; and for the better securing the said Duties, and for the Accommodation of the Importers of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, it is expedient to provide and enact the several Rules, Regulations, and Provisions herein-ifter prescribed be it therefore en-a&edby the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, and the Commissioners 6f Excise in Scotland for the Time being, shall, with all convenient Speed, and thty respectively are hereby authorized and required, out of any of the Duties or Revenues of Excise under their Management, to provide, from Time to Time, at or near to the several and respective Ports in England and Scotland respectively, such Warehouse and Warehouses as they respectively shall deem requisite and necessary for depositing, lodging, and securing therein all such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively as shall be imported at such respective Ports.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, and the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall, and they respectively are hereby authorized and required to appoint one or more Officer or Officers of the Customs in England and Scotland respect-ivciy to attend all and every such Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided, according to the Directions of this in England and Scotland respectively; and the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major Part of them respectively for the Time being, shall, and they respectively are hereby in like Manner authorized and required to appoint one or more Officer or Officers of Excise to attend all and every such Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided according to the Directions of this Act, in England and Scotland respectively.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Officer or Officers of Excise on board every Ship or Vessel in which Coffee or Cocoa Nuts shall be imported, shall mark or cause to be marked every Cask, Bag, or other Package of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively, with a progressive Number and a distinguishing Landing Mark; and no Cask, Bag, or other Package of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts reflectively shall be unshipped or delivered from or out of such Ship or Vessel before the same shall have been so marked, on Pain of Forfeiture thereof, to be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and when the same shall have been so marked, the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively shall forthwith, (provided the same shall have been duly entered,) in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise, unship or cause to be unshipped all such Costee alid Cocoa Nuts respectively, and shall carry and convey the lame, of cause the same to be carried and conveyed to and deposited in some or one of the respective Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided, as directed by this Act, at or near to the Port at which Fuch Coffee or Cocoa Nuts shall be imported; and the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise shall attend such Costee and Cocoa Nuts respectively from the Time of the unshipping thereof until the same shall be so deposited, lodged, and secured in such Warehouse or Warehouses.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Importers, Proprietors, or Con-signecs respectively of such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, shall, at his, her, and their own Expence, within fourteen Days next after such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively shall have been so lodged and de-polited in such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, and in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise, take or cause to be taken all such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively from and out of the Caflo, Bags, and other Packages respectively containing the same, and shall forthwith bring such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, and all'o the Casks, Bags, or other Packages, or cause the same to be brought to and put into the proper Scales to be weighed, in such Manner as the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise shall direct, so that the Tare of the Cask, Bag, or other Package, and the net Weight of the Coffee, may be ascertained, at which Time, but at no other or subsequent Time, the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, of such Coffee and Cocoa respectively, shall or may be permitted and suffered, in the Presence of such Officers respectively, to separate the damaged or unmerchantable Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively from the undamaged and merchantable Part thereof, and also to repack his, her, or their.Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, into the lame or such other Casks, Bags, or Packages, as he, she, or they shall think fit, each such other Cask, Bag, or other Package, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds Wei^htNet of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively at the lead; and the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise shall forthwith take an Account of the Tare of each and every Cask, Bag, or other Package, and of the Net Weight of the Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively contained therein; and such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees respectively, shall also, at his, her, or their own Expence, when and so loon as such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts shall have been lb weighed and taken an Account of, take the same, or cause the same to be taken from and out of the Scales in which the same shall have been so weighed, and thereupon the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise shall jointly mark, or cause to be marked, on the Outside of each and every such Cask, Bag, or other Package, in plam and legible Letters or Characters, the Tare of the Cask, Bag, or other Package, and the Net Weight of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively contained therein, and whether the same be Coffee or Cocoa Nuts of the Growth and Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, or of the United States of America^ or of any other Country or Place, and shall also set, stamp, or affix,..on the < )u‘fide of such Calk, Bag, or other Package, proper Landing Marks and Numbers, which said respective Marks and Numbers shall be entered and inserted, by the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise re-

fpcdtivdy, together with the Tare of each Calk, Bag, or other Package, and the Net Weight of the Coffee

Com mHH oners of Ex.ife to provide Warehouses lor. lodging Coffee and Cocoa Nuts.

Commissioners of Customs and Excise to appoint Officers to attend Ware-lioulcs.

Officers of Excise to mark Casks of Coffee

or Cocoa Nuts

0

on board Ships

importing the m,

and if unshipped

before, they may be fazed

When marked. Importers, in Prdence of the Officer, to un-ffiip and convey the m to a Warehouse.

Within T4 Day 6

after being warehoused, the Coffee and Cocoa to be taken out of the Casks by the Importer, and weighed, at which Time the damaged Parts may be separated, &c.

Officers to take an Account of the Taie of Casks, and Weight of Coffee and Cocoa, Ac/

Importers to take the Coffee and Cocoa from the Scales:

Officer to mark the Cafkt, &v*.

208

C. 118

Importers to remove Casks as the Officers shall direct.

Importers not

complying with the Di regions of this Act, to ifoiftit 501.

ftut not liable to the Penalty unless they neglect for three Days after Notice from the Officer, to take the Cof-.fec out of Casks, &c.

AfterCoffteand Cocoa have been weighed, Samples may be taken.

Duties imposed by 17 Geo. III. Cap. 13, and 35 Geo. III. Cap 13, to extend to Coffee and Cocoa delivered for Home Consumption out of Ware-houses provided under this Act.

Regulations for taking Coffee and Cocoa out <Qf Warehouses.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively contained therein, in their respective Books, to be by them kept for that Purpose; and when and so soon as such Entries shall have been so made as aforesaid, the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees respectively, shall remove each and every such Cask, Bag, or other Package respectively, or cause the same to be removed to, and properly (lowed away in such convenient Part or Parts of such Warehouse or Warehouses, and in such Manner as the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise shall in that Behalf direct; and if any such Importer or Irfiporters. Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, having unshipped or caused to be unshipped any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, shall omit, neglect, or refuse, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, to carry and convey the same, or cause the same to be carried and conveyed to, and deposited in feme or one of the Warehouses as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to take or cause to be taken from or out of the Cask, Bag, or other Package containing the same, any such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, which shall be deposited, lodged, or secured, in any Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to bring any such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, or cause the same to be brought to, or put into the proper Scales to be weighed as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to take any such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, which shall have been weighed and taken an Account of, as directed by this Act, or cause the lame to be taken from or out of the Scales in which the iamb shall have been so weighed, or shall omit, neglect, or refuse, contrary to the true Intent rnd Meaning of this Act, to remove, or cause to be removed, any such Cask, Bag, or other Package of Cqffcc or Cocoa Nuts respectively, and properly (low the same away, or cause or procure the same to be (lowed away in such convenient Part or Parts of such Warehouse or Warehouses, and in such Manner as such proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise shall in that Behalf direct, all and every such Importeror Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consigneeor Consignees, so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, Forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee, shall incur or be liable to the said Penalty of fifty Pounds, unless he, she, or they shall neglect or refuse to take or cause such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively to be taken from or out of the Cask, Bag, or other Package containing the same, or to bring or cause the same to be brought to, or put into the proper Scales to be weighed, or to remove and (low away the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, for the Space of three Days after he, she, or they shall have received Notice so to do from the proper Officer of Customs or Excise. T !f

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time after any such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively shall have been so weighed and taken an Account of as directed by this Act, the several Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees thereof respectively, shall be permitted, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively, belonging to such Warehouse, in which such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts shall have been so weighed and taken an Account of, as directed by this Act, to take out of each Cask, Bag, or other Package, so weighed and taken an Account of, a Sample or Samples of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, not exceeding four Ounces in Weight: Provided always nevertheless, that not more than three such Samples shall be taken out of any such Cask, Bag, or other Package whatever; and that in case the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees, shall be delirous of taking a second or third Sample, they shall return the Sample or Samples which shall have been previously taken, or in lieu thereof a Quantity of good Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively, equal in Weight to such previous Sample.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Duties of Excise imposed by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, among other T hings, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Dutits in lieu thereof, and also the additional Duties, by another Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts, imposed on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively imported into Great Britain, and delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged, under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers, for securing the Duties payable thereon, for Home Consumption, shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend, to all Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, which shall be delivered for Home Consumption out of any Warehouse or Warehouses which shall be provided under the Authority or in pursuance of this Act, and the said several and respective Duties shall be paid and payable by such Persons, at such Times, and in such Manner, as is herein after directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Importeror Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, of any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts deposited, lodged, or secured in any such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, shall intend to clear or take, from or out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses, any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, either for Home Consumption or Exportation, he, she, or they shall give to the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively such Notice in Writing as is herein-aher mentioned, and as the Case may require, of his, her, or their Intention so to do which Notice, if the same be for taking out of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts for Home Consumption, shall be given at lead one Hour, and if such Notice be for taking out of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts for Exportation, the lame shall be given at lead twelve Hours before any such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts shall be taken out for Exportation; and every such Notice shall specify the particular Casks, Bags, or other Packages, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively so intended to be taken out, and also the Landing Marks and Numbers, which were set, stamped, or affixed, upon each and every such Cask, Bag, or other Package of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, according to the Directions of thfs Ad, and shall also, at the Time specified in such Notice or within one Hour after, at his, her, or their own Expence, bring all such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, respectively specified in such Notice, from the Parts or Places of such Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited and (lowed away, and shall put or cause the same to be put into the proper Scales to be weighed in such Warehouse or Warehouses, and the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise shall

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118.

forthwith, within such Warehouse or Warehouses, weigh or cause to be weighed, and taken an Account of, each and every such Cask, Bag, or other Package of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively; and all and every such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consigneeor Consignees, shall thereupon forthwith pay down, in Ready Money, into the Hands of the proper Collectors of Customs and Excise respectively, the several Duties of Customs and Excise imposed for or in respect of such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively as shall be intended to be taken out of such Warehouse or Warehouses for Home Consumption, according to the Net Weight of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively, deducing only such Allowance as is hereiti-after directed to be made in the weighing thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise shall, in the weighing and taking an Account of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, in such Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided as aforesaid, give the Turn of the Scale in f avour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof shall allow the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees thereof one Pound Weight Avoirdupois upon each and every one hundred Pounds Weight of such Coffee, and two Pounds Weight Avoirdupois upon each and every one hundred Pounds Weight of such Cocoa Nuts respectively so weighed and taken an Account of; and which said respective Allowances shall be in lieu of all other Allowances, and in full Compensation for all Waste, Loss, or Damage whatever, any Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, shall, before any such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts shall he delivered out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses for Home Consumption, produce to the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise a Certificate, granted by and under the Hand of the Collector and other Chief Officers of the Customs, testifying the Payment of the Custom Duties for or in respect of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, and shall also in like Manner produce a Certificate, granted by and under the Hand of the Collector of Excise, testifying the Payment of the Excise Duties imposed for or in respect of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively, and thereupon such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively shall be delivered out of the said Warehouse or Warehouses, with a Permit for the Removal thereof, granted by the proper Officer of Excise, and countersigned by the proper Officer of the Customs: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption or Exportation in any less Quantity than in the intire Cask, Bag, or other Package, in which the same was imported, or repacked when first weighed and taken Account of, in such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, nor in any less Quantity than one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight Net of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively at the least.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, which is or are now under Seizure, or which shall or may be seized after the Commencement of this Act, by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, under or by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this Act, or which shall afterwards be made, shall, after the Se-zure thereof respectively, be carried to, and deposited, lodged, and secured in such Place or Places as the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise respectively shall appoint for that Purpose.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts as shall be intended for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas shall be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, unto the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees thereof, upon futficienc Security to be first given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, (which Security the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, or the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, are hereby required and empowered to take,) that thq fame, and every Part thereof, shall be exported, and not relanded in Great Britain; which fiiid Securities shall be discharged without Fee or Reward, upon a Certificate returned or produced to the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate ii) any Place or Places beyond the Seas, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants then being at. such Place or Places, that such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts were there landed, or upon Proof by credible Persons.that such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of the said Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Importer or Import-

ers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, shall, before any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts re-tpcctively shall be cleared or delivered from or out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses, either for Home C mfumption or for Exportation, first pay into the Hands of the proper Officer of Excise Warehouse Relit for such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively, at and after the Rate of one Shilling per-Week for each and every I on Weight of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively, and in Proportion for any greater or less (Quantity, for the Time that such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively shall be or remain in any such Warehouse or Warehouses.; 7i

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Importer or Importers, Pro-prie or or Proprietors, or Consigneeor Consignees, shall neglect or refute to make due Entry of any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, or to land the same within the tiiirty Days prescribed by an Act made in the fifth Year of

preknt Majesty's Reign, among other Things, for the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland, and Salt Duties, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or OiBcers of Customs or Excise, and such Officer or Officers is and are hereby authorized and required to c~r y or convey all such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively to, and lodge and secure the same in some or one of the Warehouse or Warehouses to be provided in pursuance of this Act, and the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors* or Consignee or Consignees of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively, shall, L1B4X ILL Ec over

209

Allowance rot Turn of the Scale in weighing Coffee ai«4

Co ffee an ft Cocoa may be delivered from Warehouses foi Home Cou-fumption, on Production of Certificates of Payment of Duties.

No warehouse Coffee or Coco; to be delivers but in the intin Cask, and no less than 112 lb

Coffee and Co coi seized shal be lodged as the Commissioners of Cfistoms anc Excise shall appoint.

Coffee and Co. coa to be delivered for Exportation on Security for its not being re-landed in Great Britain:

How Security shall be discharged.

Warehouse

Relit to be p before Peliv of Coffee or Cocoa.

If Coffee or Cocoa be not duly entered, 0 landed within the prescribed Time, Ofhcirs of the Cullom or Excise may warehouse it, and the Impor ter to pay the

210 C. 118. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Costs and Ware-house Rentj and if not cleared within a Month, it may

be. Ibid.

Disposal of the Produce.

ft sufficient to pay the Duties and Charges be rot offered, the Coffee or Cocoa paaybe burnt.

If Coffee or Coco i be not taken out of Warc-houses, within three Years, it may be sold for Payment of

Pifpofalof the

Produce.

over and besides the Subsidies and other Duties for or in refjxrCt of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively, before the same shall be delivered to him, her, or them, from or out of such Warehouse or Warcfioufes, first pay into the Hands of the proper Officers of Excise, Warehouse Relit for such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, at and after the Rate of one Shilling per Ton per Week, to be reckoned from the Day of warehousing such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively, together with the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the conveying such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts to such Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise relating to such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively *, and if the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees of any such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts shall, for the Space of one Month from the Time of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts having been so carried to such Warehouse or Warehouses by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, omit, neglect, or refuse to clear and take such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, and to pay and satisfy all the Subsidies and Duties for or in respect of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, together with such Warehouse Relit, Costs, Charges, and Expences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Commissioners of Customs or Excise in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, as the Case may require, after the Expiration of such one Month, to cause all such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts reflectively, together with the Casks Rags, and other Packages respectively containing the same, to be publicly sold to the best Bidder, at such Places as the said respective Commissioners, as the Case may require, shall think proper, for and towards satisfying the Subsidies and other Duties of Customs and Excise for or in respect of such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, together with such Warehouse Relit, and all reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of the Removal, Keeping, and Sale, of such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively; and if the Money arising from such Sale thereof shall be equal to, or more than sufficient to pay and satisfy all the said Duties, together with such Warehouse Relit, Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, the respective Receivers General of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively for th6 Time being, (in case the said respective Commissioners of the Customs respectively shall cause such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively to be sold,) shall pay over to the said rcfj>c6tive Commissioners of Excise so much of the Proceeds of such Sale as will be sufficient to satisfy such Excise Duties for or in respect of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively; and the said respective Commissioners of Excise (in case they respectively shall cause such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective Receivers General of the Customs, so much of the Proceeds of such Sale act will be sufficient to satisfy the Subsidies and other Duties of Customs, for or in respect of such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, and the Overplus, if any be, shall be paid to the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees of such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, or other Person or Persons authorized to receive the same; and in case upon such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts being put up or offered to Sale, no Person or Persons shall offeror bid for the same as much or more Money than the said Subsidies and Duties taken together would amount to, together with such Warehouse Relit, Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners of the Customs or Excise respectively to cause such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively to be burnt and destroyed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees of any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, which shall be deposited, lodged, or secured in any Warehouse or Warehouses provided according to the Directions or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the Commencement of this Act, or which shall be duly conveyed to and lodged and deposited in any Warehouse or Warehouses by the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees thereof, under and according to the Directions and in pursuance of this Act, shall neglect, omit, or refuse to clear or take any such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts from or out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, or secured, as herein-before directed, within three Years, to be computed from the Day on which the same was deposited or lodged in such Warehouse or Warehouses by the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively, according to the Directions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in England and Scotland respectively for the 'Eime being, after the Expiration of such three Years, to cause all such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, together with the Casks, Bags, and other Packages reflectively containing the same, to be publicly sold to the best Bidder, at such Places as the said relnective Commissioners (as the Case may require) shall think proper, for and towards satisfying the Custom Duties, and also the Excise Duties, by Law imposed for or in respect of such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, upon the same being delivered for Home Consumption out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been so deposited, lodged, and secured, together with such Warehouse Relit, and all reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of the Removal, Keeping, and Sale of such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively; and if the Money arising from ffich Sale thereof shall be equal to, or more than sufficient to pay and satisfy all the said Djties, together with Warehouse Relit, Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, the respective Receivers General of the Customs in England and Scotland for the Time being (in case the said respective Commissioners of the Customs respectively shall cause such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective Commissioners of Excise so much of such Excess or Surplus as will be sufficient to satisfy the Excise Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively; and the said respective Commissioners of Excise (in case they respectively shall ause such Coffee

or Cocoa Nuts respectively to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective Receivers General of the Customs

Excess or Surpl

in respect of such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, and the Overplus, if any be, after Payment of such

so much of such Excess or Surplus as will be sufficient to satisfy the Custom Duties by Law imposed for or

Duties, Warehouse Relit, Costs, Charges, and Expences, shall be paid to the Importer or Importers*

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118.

Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees of such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, or other Person or Persons authorized to receive the same; and in case, upon such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts being put up or offered to Sale, no Pei*son or Persons shall offer or bid for the same as much or more Money than the said Duties taken together would amount to, together with such Warehouse Relit, Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and maybe lawful to and for such Commissioners respectively to cause such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively to be burnt and destroyed: Provided always jievcrtheless, that no Coffee or Cocoa Nuts shall be sold by the said Commissioners of Customs or Excite, 1 ft pursuance of this Act, until after the Expiration of nine Months next after the Commencement of this

Ad.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shallalfitult, refill, oppose, moled, obstruct, or holder any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in the due Execution of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this Act, or thereafter to be made, relating to Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, or of any of the Powers or Authorities by any such Act or Acts of Parliament given or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall by Force or Violence, after any such Officer or Officers shall have seized any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts forfeited by any such Act or Acts of Parliament, refeue or cause to be refeued any such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, for which no Penalty is particularly provided by this Act, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, created or imposed by this Act, and which shall be sued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the Order or Permission of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fines or Penalties incurred, or any Goods forfeited for any Offence against the Laws of Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, and the Officer or Officers of the Customs concerned in any such Seizure or Prosecution shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Penalty or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this Act, relating to Coff'ce or Cocoa Nuts, and which shall be prosecuted or sued for by Order of the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be fuedfor, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in or by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America, or in an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in his Majestys Islands and Plantations in America, or in and by any Act or Acts of Parliament therein respectively mentioned or referred unto, or in or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, or either of them, in force immediately before the Commencement of this Act, are contained, provided, settled, or established, for managing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of Coff'ce and Cocoa Nuts respectively, or either of them, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, (except where the same respectively are repugnant to, or are expressly altered by this Act,) shall be and remain in full Force, to all Intents and Purposes, and the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, (except as before excepted,) shall continue to be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and 'Filings, had been expressly inserted and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no fp.ecial Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after such Warehouse or Warehouses shall be provided in pursuance of this Act, in or near the Port of London.

211

If ft 1 ffici<?nt to pay the Duties and Charge, be not offered, the Coff'ce or Cocoa may be burnt.

Time when Coffee or Cocoa may be fold under this Act.

Penalty for ob-ftrmffing Officers, or rescuing Coffee, Sec,

Recovery and Application of Penalties sued for by Officer* oi Curtoma.

Recovery and Application of Penalties sued for by Officers of the Excifr.

5 Geo. II. Cap. 24, and a 3 Geo. III. Cap. 79, &c. to ren maiin force, except hereby altrrcd.

Commencement of Ad where none is provided.

E e x

CAP.

212

C. 119.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

No Spirits tobc distilled from Corn or Grain in Great Britain for a certain Period:

Penalty of 5001. with the Com, ice. for so dif-ailiing.

i

Penalty net to extend to distilling from "Wash openly brewed before cirtoin Days.

Wheat, ice. fpvmd in any Stillhouse, &c. after certain Days, forfeited, ^id acoi

During the limited Period the Commissioners of Excise \ 4 Justices of Peace in England may authorii- Persons, with Officers of Kxuic, to enter

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty.

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits, and the making or preparing of Wort or Wash for the Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, c and all other Sorts of Grain, and from Meal, Flour, or Bran, should be prohibited for a limited Time ;* be it therefore enacted by the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that Part of Great Brt\ tain called England; and from and after the seventeenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; no Low Wines or Spirits shall be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or distilled, from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or Tilts, or any other Sort of Corn or Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, during the Time before limited, any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall brew, make, prepare, extract, or distil, or cause or procure to be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or distilled, any Low Wines or Spirits from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the same, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain, or any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in any Wort or Wash, in order for the brewing, making, preparing, extrkdling, or distilling any Low Wines or Spirits, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any Tun, Wash-batch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain, or any Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the same, for the Purpose of preparing any Wort or Wash, or for brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling any Low Wines or Spirits, whether such Tun, Wash-batch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, shall or shall not have been or be duly entered at the Excise Office, that then, and in each and every of the said cases, such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or other Person or Persons acting contrary to the Directions of jthis Act, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any such Tun, Wash-batch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, which shall be made use of contrary to the Intention of this Act, shall be found, shall severally and reflectively, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and all such Wheat, Barley, Alalt, and other Corn or Grain, and such Meal, Flour, and Bran, or other Mixture with the same, and such Wort and Wash, Low Wines, and Spirits, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject any entered Distiller to the said Penalty of five hundred Pounds, for or by reason of his extracting or distilling any Low Wines or Spirits from any Wash openly brewed in his entered Distillery, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five in that Part of Great Britain called England, or on or before the twelfth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat

Flour, shall, within the Time herein-before limited, be found in any Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or any other Place wherein Low Wines of Spirits, or Wort or Wash, shall be preparing, or shall be brewed, made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, or where any Low Wines or Spirits, or Wort or Wash, shall have been brewed, made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and after the seventeenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, all such Wheat, Wheat Meal, and Flour, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons in whose Possession such Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or Place shall be, shall, for every such Offence, respectively also forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds. f L. i

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Time herein-before limited, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall be authorized for that Purpose by the Commissioner of Excise for the Time being, or any two or more of them, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in any other Part of Great Britain, at any Time or Times with any Officer of Excise to enter into any Workhouse, Stillhouse, Store-house, Warehouse, or any other Place whatsoever, wherein any Low Wines or Spirits, or Wort or Wash, shall be or are suspected to be preparing, or to be brewed, made, or extracted, distilled, or prepared, or

wherein Low Wines or Wort, or Wall), shall have been made, brewed, extracted, distilled* orpiepared,

alter

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 119. 213

after the said tenth Day of "July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and seventeenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five respectively, and shall have free Admittance into the same, and may inspect all the Materials, Vefllds, and Utensils therein contained (giving thereby as little Interruption as may be to the Business which shall be carrying on); and in case any such Officer of Excise shall have Reason to suspect that any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain, or any Meal, Flour, or Bran, is mixed in any Wort or Wash, or in any other ^Material or Preparation for brewing, making, extracting, or diddling Low Wines or Spirits, it shall be lawful for such Officer at any Time or Times during the said Term, upon Payment of two Shillings and six Pence, to take a Sample not exceeding two Quarts of any such Wort or Wash, Material or Preparation, which shall be found in any such House or other Place aforesaid; and in case any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or the Owner or Occupier of any such House or Place, or any Workman or Servant to any such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, or Owner or Occupier belonging, shall refule to admit such Person or Persons as shall be so authorized, or any Officer or Officers ot Excise, into any such Jdoufe or Place, or shall obstruct or hin-

der any such Officer or Person or Persons in making such Inspection as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such

p> _ IfPIHH

feit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such Officer of Excise or other

Ions

Officer to take such Sample after the said Sum of two Shillings and six Pence shall be paid or tendered for the same, every such Distiller or Maker, Owner or Occupier, shall, for every such Offence, respectively for-

’Stillhouses, tec. to inspe& Materials and Utensils.

Jf Officer fuf-pe& Corn to be -mixed in Wort -he may take a

Sample:

Penalty of 2001, for obstructing Insertion, or not allowing a Sample to be taken.

Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, having a Warrant for that Purpose from any two or more of the Commissioners of Excise, or any Justice or Justices respectively as aforesaid, to seize, rake, and carry away all such Wheat, Barley, Malt, and other Corn or Grain, and all such Meal, Flour, and Bran, as shall be found in any such House or other Place, together with all the Vessels, Sacks, Bags, and other Things, in which the said Commodities shall be contained.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exportation, shall, after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and from and after the seventeenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and r.incty-lix, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons in Trust or for the Use or Benefit of such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, more than five Quarters of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour, at any one Time, in any one or more Place or Places, (not being a Place or Places for preparing, brewing, making, extracting, distilling, or keeping Wort or W'afh, Low Wines or Spirits,) every such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit all such Wheat, Wheat Meal, and Flour, exceeding the said Quantity of five Quarters, and also the Sum of ten Pounds for every Quarter so forfeited: Provided always, that this Act fhalFnot extend to inflict the said last mentioned Penalty and Forfeiture upon any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, who shall be the actual Grower of Wheat, and shall be possessed of any Quantity of such Wheat grown by him or her, in the Straw, or after the same is threshed out or ftmarated from the Straw, provided that such Wheat shall not be kept in his or her Possession, or in the Possession of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him or her for a greater Space of Time than twenty Days after the same shall be thrdhed or separated from the Straw, and so as such Wheat be not kept in any Place used for brewing, making, extracting, or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, or for preparing or keeping Wort or Wash: Provided also, that this Act shall not extend to inflict the said last mentioned Penalty and For- feiture upon any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits who practises the Trade of a Miller, and who was possessed of and worked any Mill or Mills for the grinding of Wheat on or before the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for or upon Account of any Quantity of Wheat which Dull, during the Time herein-before limited, be found not wetted or steeped in any such Mill or Mills; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding-

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers of the Excise, or any other Person or Persons, shall at any Time or Times have cause to suspect that any Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour, exceeding the Quantity of five Quarters, shall be laid or kept in any such Storehouse, Warehouse, Granary, or other Place or Places as aforesaid, belonging to any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and iMeaning of this Act, then, and in every such Case, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, before the Commissioners of Excise for the time being rcfj>cdtively, or any two or more of them, or before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Person?, shall suspect the same to be laid and kept, setting forth the Ground of his or their Sufoicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whofn such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall make Oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable,) by special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, by Day or by Night, (but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace,) to enter Into all and every Storehouse, Warehouse, Granary, or other Place or Places where he or they shall so fufpcdf that any Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour, exceeding the Quantity of five Quarters as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, of 1-row Wines dr Spirits, and to seize, take, and carry away, all such Wheat, Wheat Meal, and Flour,

he or they shall so find, (over and above the said Quantity of five Quarters,) together with all the Vef-Sacks, ILgj, or other Things wherein the same shall be contained; and such Distiller or Distillers, V J(f Maker

Corn found may seized.

Distillers having in the limited Period more than five Quarters of Wheat, &c. in any Place, (except Still-house,) to forfeit the Surplus and iol. per Quarter}

Penalty not to extend to Distillers being Growers of Wheat, or Millers, in certain Case:.

On Oath of Ground of Suspicion that more than five Quarters of Wheat, tec. is kept in any Storehouse,

&c. Officers and other Persons may be authorized to search lor, and may seize the Surplus; and the Persons in whose Custody found, to forfeit 101. per Quarter.

214

C. 119.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Dcwrs may he broken open.

Ricovery and Application of

Penalties.

Contracts for Delivery of Spirits during ?!ic Continuance of this Act void.

limitation of Actions.

live a uai vvu-

ts or Bargains made by any Distiller or Distillers, with any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Spirits, ins, or Yeft, to be delivered at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, shall be and are hereby

Central Issue.

[Treble Costs.]

This Act may be pleaded in Scotland.

Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to make an Allowance of the Duties on Stills for the Time they are prevented working under this Act.

His Majesty may authorize the making of Spirits at any Time after July 20, 1795.

Spirits from Corn, deposited in Warehouses for Exportation before June 20, 1795, may be taken out for Home Consumption cn

ravrrent of

0

Duty.

Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, belonging to such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, shall be found, shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit and pay the said Penalty of ten Pounds for every (Quarter, exceeding the said Quantity of five Quarters; and the said Officer or Officers, and other Person or Persons, is or are hereby empowered by such Warrant, together with such other Person or Persons as he or they shall take to his or their Assistance, to enter such Storehouses, Warehouses, Granaries, and other Place or Places, and break open the Doors thereof in case they be not forthwith opened on Demand.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or f orfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety tohiru or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

IX. And whereas there may have been Contracts made by Distillers, with several Persons, for Spirits, Grains, or Yell, to be delivered and received at future Times, after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contracts Grains

declared to be suspended.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced

against any Person or Persons, for any T hing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Offence shall be committed; and if such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law; and if such Action or Suit be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom such Action or Suit shall be brought, shall allow the Defender to plead this Act on his Defence, and the Pursuer shall not infill on his Action; or if Judgment shall be given against such Pursuer, the Defender shall and may recover the full and real Expences he may have been put to by any such Action or Suit.

XI. And whereas, by divers Laws now in force, certain annual Duties are imposed upon Stills used for

‘ distilling Spirits from Corn or Grain, in Proportion to the Contents of such Stills: And whereas it is reasonable that an Allowance should be made, for such Part of the usual Season for diddling, during which they may be prevented from working in consequence of this Act:* Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or any four of them, to make such Allowances to the Persons taking out such Licences respectively, as shall appear to the said Commissioners, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, to be reasonable.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in ca(e his Majesty, at any Time or Times after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall, in his Royal Discretion, judge it to be mod for the Benefit and Advantage of this Kingdom, to permit the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or by his Majesty's Order in Council, to be published in the London Gazette, from Time to Time, to permit and fuss'er all and every Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, (but pot any particular Person or Persons,) at any Time or Times after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to make Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran> any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Distillers, who shall have deposited any Spirits drawn or made in Great Britain from Corn, before the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas, according to the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions of an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, among other Things, for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British-mzdc Spirits in any such Warehouse as is mentioned in the said Act, shall be desirous of uling any such Spirits for Home Consumption, and shall signify such his, her, or their Desire to the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, the said respective Commissioners respectively shall cliredf the Quantity of Spirits so desired to be taken out of such Warehouse, and delivered to such Distiller or Distillers, he, she, or they having first duly paid to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise a Duty of Excise at and after the Rate of forty Pounds eighteen Shillings and two Pence Farthing for each Ton of such Spirits of the Strength they were taken into such Warehouse, (that is to say,) one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, any Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and the said Duty Ihatt

5

be

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C.r2o.

be applied in like Manner as the said Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash,

brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and for or in respect of Stills used or employed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ for making of Low Wines or Spirits, from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts,

Cyder, or Perry, or other Wa(b or Liquor, made or brewed from British Materials, are now directed to be applied*

CAP. CXX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[26th June 1795.]

2,895,000l. may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund; which may be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this Act not to be rated to any Tax.

1 allies of Loan to be struck,&c. Orders for Repay ment to be registered and paid in course. No Fee* 44 to be taken for registering, &c. on Penalty of treble Damages and Costs. Not to be deemed undue Pre- ference which Orders of the same Date, brought the same Day, are entered first, so they are all entered u nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought for Payment, if Money be reserved to* 4i discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the Sum hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer Bills, in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Act of the present Session; the Provisions of which Act (except such as charge the Bills on the Malt Duties, and limit the Rate of Interest) to extend to this.

" Bills and Interest, &c. to be discharged out of the Consolidated Fund. Bank may advance 2,895,000l.

on the Credit of this Act. Monies raised by the Malt Duties, Land Tax, Loans, 2,000,000l. Further Loans, 1,500,000l. Annuities; Lottery; 2,895,000l. out of Consolidated bund, to be applied (with the Residue of the Sale of French Prizes) to the Lies hereafter expressed. 6,315,523 A y. 9 d. for Naval Services for 1795. 34,155l. 1 9*A for Land Service of the Ordnance not provided for in 1793.-

25,357l. 14*. 5/A for Sea Service of the Ordnance not provided for in 1793. 1,045,305l. 19l. 8d.

for Land Service of ditto, not provided for in 1794. 29,387l. o;. 3 d. for Sea Service of ditto, not

4/1 UiniG I 1*4/ 4^35° O (4 Jl* i-J« I lO ocr vice in 1 / j vIZ* Z)" 1 / 3 4*

119,380 Effective Men, Officers, C5V. \c\ Great Britain, &c.; 691,307l. ic s. y d. for F Plantations, Gibraltar, Corsica, and Neiv South (Vales; 40,096 A os. qd. for Difference

provided for in 1794. 1,176,804l. 17J. 9 d. for Land Service of ditto, in 1795. 200,000l. to the King

of Sardinia. 11,474,358 A 17s. 8d. 3q. for Land Service in 1795; viz. 2,777,534l. 19l. id. for

n Forces in the

I. J between British and Irish Pay of Regiments in the West Indies; 8,323 A ijs. 10 d. 2\q. for Regiments in East India; 385,000l. for Recruiting, Contingencies, Ufc.; 480,000 A for Levy Money, fSc. for Augmentations to the Land Forces; 115,820l. os. 3d. for General, Staff, and Hospital Officers; 79.978l. 4j. 4d. u for Supernumerary Officers; 110,820l. i8x. 3 d. to the Paymaster General, Secretary at War, &c.

128,864l. 3 * 9<A for Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines; 135 A 16s. 3d. for Reduced Officers, OV. of the Horse Guards; 1000A for Officers late in the Service of the States General; 44 52,500l. for Reduced Officers of the British-American F'orces; and 7,500l. for Allowances to them; 44 10,387l. 135. 3 d. for Widows Pensions; 930,047l. 12 s.$d. for Militia and F'encibles; and 210,000 A 44 for their Contingencies, &c.; 107,137l. 11 x- 6d. for Militia Cloathing; 280,048 A 8 s. 3 d. for Fencible Cavalry; 80,000 A for Bread Allowance, &c. to Fencible Cavalry; 495,655l. for 18,000 Hanoverians; 333,253 A for Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe CaJJel; 76,076 A for Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Uarmjladt \ 92,242 A for Troops of the Duke of Brunswick; 427,269 A is. 6 d. for French Emigrant Regiments; 23,806l. us. 5 d. for Augmentations to the Militia in 1794; 246,877l. 15l. r Ut '; 149,856l. 15 i. id. for

rtans employed in America

of the Prince of Wales.

Exchequer Bills, iriade out under 34 Geo. III. Cap. 28. 1,500,000l. for discharging further Exchequer Bills made out under 34 Geo. III. Cap. 29. 2,500,000l. for discharging Exchequer Bills

made out under 54 Geo. III. Cap. 62. 47,649 A 1 s. $d. issued pursuant to Addresses of the Commons*.

7,175 A for the Civil hlstablishment of Upper Canada; 4,4 15 A for Nova Scotia; 4,550l. for New Brunswick; 1,900 A for the Island of Saint John in America; 1,800l. for Cape Breton; 1,232l. ioj. for Newfoundland; 4,050l. for the Bahama Islands; 580l. for the Chief Justice of Bermuda; 600 A for the Chief Justice of Dominica; 5,241l. for New South (Vales; 20,000l. for Forts in Africa; 4,069 A 1 s. to Mr. (Viliis, for forming an EUabliflunent in Africa. 4,500l. for Roads and Bridges in the Highlands; 5,682l. 2 s. 4 d. for extraordinary Expences of the Mint to Juy 27, 1794; and 1,386 A 2 x* 6*/ for ditto to Dec. 31, 1794; 204,549 I. 6 s. 1 d. for Part of Orders made out pursuant to 28 Geo. III. Qjp 40, respecting the American Loyalists; and 55,091 A 17*. 6 d. for ditto made out pursuant to 30 Geo. III. Cap. 34; 4,79! A 6 s. 6d. for Expences of Trial of IV. Hajlings, Esq.; 6,958 A 8'x. 4d. for Provisions frnt to New houth Wales; 11,463 A 13 x. 8 d. to D. Campbell, Esq. for Convicts on the Thames; 15.440l. 55. fid. 2q. to Janus Bradley, Esq. for Convicts in Langston and Portsmouth Har-

44

for Preparation for the 25,000 A for completing Carlton House. 2,000,000 A for discharging 34 Geo. III. Cap. 28.

Geo. III. Cab. 29. 2,5

is. $d. iflu

hours; 24 500l. for American Sufferers; 1,059l. H*- for French Proprietors of Saint Domingo;, 44 / for the suffering Clergy and Laity of France; 37*500 A for D° and turmer Officers of the Ma-

?* 24 335^ ^rom l^e ^lv‘l Lift for his Majesty's Service abroad; 468l. 16s. 1 d.

for recs on Efcneats, Uc. in Nova Scotia; 1,089 A 6 s. 2d. \q. for Expences occasioned by the Alien

14

IV

1 un nvncaib, wc. in nova ocoria; 1,009l. or 2 a. ^q. for nxpences occasioneo oy the nncn» Act; 869/, 19 s. for the Index to the Lords Journals; 2,823l. iox. 5 d. for Designs t;f/ Penitentiary Houses, isfe.; 3,000l. to the Board of Agriculture; 200,000/ towards the Reduction of the National.

K Debt iV.6881

141*. 6d. 3 q. to the Representauvcs of Mr. Oswald; 525./. 16 x. 8<A advanced by

Mfi

2l6

19 Geo. III. Ca^j 67,

20 Geo. III. Cap. 23) and

21 Geo. III. Cap. 15, recited.

Provisions of the two last recited Acts to extend to Spanish and Dutch Prizes made during the Hostilities therein mentioned.

Oath of having paid Monies claimed by the Governors of Greenwich Hospital) previous to palTing this Act, to be Proof.

Agents for Prize Money under recited Acts having paid over Monies before May 1, 1795, not liable to Demands of Greenwich of'pital.

C. 121. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

% # 9 ~

Mr. Mash towards the Lottery 1794; 1,500l. for the Veterinary College* 848,915 /. 45. 2d* 3y. to <4 complete the Sum granted out of the Consolidated Fund for 1794. 744,057l. nr. 1 d* for Deficiency

<4 of Grants for 1794. By 34 Geo. III. Cap. 49. 146,843l. 10 s, 10 d. was appropriated to be paid to 4* Reduced Officers ior 1794: The Overplus of which Sum may be disposed of to Officers maimed, isfc, as

his Majesty shall direct.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy f and for making further Provisions for those Purposes \ and also an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy, and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for His Majesty's Navy.

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy, the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, are entitled to the sole Interest and Property" 4 of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandizes, which they had taken since the twenty- ninth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or should thereafter take during the Continuance of Hostilities against France, (being first adjudged lawful Prize,) to be divided in such Proportions and Manner as in his Majesty's Proclamation therein mentioned was directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, should direct, by Proclamation or Proclamations thereafter to be iftlied, and divers Provi- fions, Directions, and Regulations were thereby enacted for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution: And whereas in and by another Act, made and passed in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled 4 44 An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy ;’

and for making further Provisions for those Purposes; and in and by another Act, made and passed in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more fbeedy and effectual Manning his Majestfs Navy, certain Provisions were made for the Distribu- tien and Payment of Prize and Bounty Money, to arise from Spanish and Dutch Ships and Vessels to be captured by such Ships and Vessels as should be commissioned by Letters of Marque; but no sufficient Provisions or Regulations were contained in the two last mentioned Acts respecting such Spanish and Dutch Ships and Vessels as should be captured by his Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War, in like Manner as hath been usually done in other Cases of the like Kind in former Acts of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions and Regulations in the said two last mentioned Acts shall be deemed and taken to extend to all such Spanish and Dutch Prizes as were made by any of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War, during the Hostilities mentioned in the said two last mentioned Acts respectively, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Provisions and Regulations had been therein and thereby expressly applied to such Spanish and Dutch Prizes so captured by any of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War as aforesaid, and that no Lapse of Time shall incur or be pleadable in Bar of the Demands which may hereafter be made by the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, under and by virtue of the said Acts as hereby amended, but from the passing of this Act of Parliament.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Demand shall be made by the said Commissioners and Governors against any Persons or Person for or in respect of any Money which shall be claimed by the said Commissioners and Governors as vested in them by virtue of this Act, and any Question shall arise whether any Sums or Sum of Money demanded in such Suit have or has been paid previous to the passing of this Act to any Persons or Person entitled or claiming to be entitled to receive, the same, it shall be lawful for the Persons or Person, against whom any such Demand shall be made, to discharge themselves, himself, or herself, thereof, by their, his, or her Oath, declaring that such Sums or Sum of Money had been so paid to the Knowledge or Belief of such Persons or Person without producing other Proof of actual Payment thereof.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed an Agent for any Prize Money under the said recited Acts respectively, or the Representatives of any such Person, shall appear to have fairly and bona fide paid over, before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, any Money in his, her, or their Hands, arising from such Prize Money, to any other Persons or Person duly appointed to be Agents or Agent, jointly or severally, for the lame Prize Money, such Persons or Person who shall have so paid over such Money, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall not by virtue of this Act be made liable to any Demands of the said Commissioners and Governors in respect of any Money so paid over as aforesaid.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 122.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Injury would arise to any Persons or Person against whom any Demand shall be made by virtue of this Act, if such Demand should be enforced in the Whole or in Part by reason of the Length of Time elapsed since the passing of the said recited Acts, which Injury might not have arisen if such Demands had been sooner made, it shall be lawful for such Persons or Person to give in Evidence in any Suit any Matters tending to shew such Injury, and so much only shall be recovered against such Persons or Person as in Justice and Equity, under all the Circumstances of the Case, ought to be recovered.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person against whom any Demand shall be made by virtue of this Act shall be desirous of compromising the same with the said Commissioners and Governors, or of referring the Consideration thereof to Arbitration, it shall be lawfuf for the said (Commissioners and Governors to compromise the same, in such Manner as they shall deem reasonable, all Circumstances considered, or to refer the Consideration thereof to Arbitration, and to authorize the Arbitrator or Arbitrators to be named for that Purpose, to make all such Allowances as may be reasonable in respect of the Length of Time which has elapsed since the passing of the said recited Acts, and all Circuin-fbnees attending the Affairs of the several Persons against whom or against whose Representatives such Demands may be made.

217

Wher« Injury would arise from Demands not having been sooner made, it may be givtn in Evidence.

Demands may be compromif-, or referred

to

CAP. CXXII.

An Act to enable His Majesty, under certain Regulations, to erect independent Burghs of Barony in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for removing certain Difficulties as to the granting of Leases in Towns and Villages on the Fishing Coasts of that Kingdom.

[26th June 1795.]

10 Geo. II. Cap. 43, recited.

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for taking away and abolishing the Heritable furfdiftions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Prerogative of his Majesty to erect free and indepen- dent Burghs of Barony in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland was taken away or abolished: And whereas the Erection of such independent Burghs of Barony may be very beneficial for encouraging the c Erection of Villages, which are particularly necessary upon the Sea Coasts of Scotland, in those Places

where the Fishings are carried on, and which are generally at a great Distance from the ordinary Courts of La^yMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this nrefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to erect such independent Burghs of Barony, in such Parts of the Sea Coasts of Scotland, where the Fisheries are or shall be carried on, in the usual banner practised before the passing of the said Act of the twentieth of his late Majesty; and that it shall and may be lawful for all Persons who are enabled by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his nrefent Majesty, intituled, An Act for incorporating certain Persons by the Name and Stile of The British Society for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coast of this Kingdom,* and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Joint Stock, and therewith to purchase Lands, dnd build thereon free Towns,

Villages, and Fishing Stations, in the Highlands and Islands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other Purposes \ and who have agreed or shall hereafter agree to fell or feu Lands to the said British Society, for the Purpose of erecting Villages and of encouraging the said Fisheries, to resign the same into the Hands of the said Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, for a new Charter thereof, and for erecting the same into independent Burghs of Barony, with Powers to the Inhabitants, or to such Descriptions of them as may be described in such Charter, to electa Baron Baillie or Baillies, or other Magistrate or Magistrates, annually, in the same Manner as such Charters were usually made and granted before the passing of the said Act of the twentieth Year of his late Majesty, and with such Powers and Jurisdiction, Civil and Criminal, to the said Magistrate or Magistrates, as are reserved by the said Act to the Magistrates of independent Burehs of Barony then existing; and it shall be lawful for such Persons, after obtaining such Charter and infeftment thereon, to grant in feu to the said Society such Lands, reserving such Feu Duty as shall be agreed upon j any Thing contained in the said Act of the twentieth of his late Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That the Magistrate or Magistrates so elected annually shall, within the Limits of the said respective Burghs of Barony, have and exercise all the other Powers which now belong, or which shall hereafter belong, to any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by virtue of their respective Offices, without the Qualification in respect to Property usually required in die Case of other Justices of the Peace: Provided always, that the Justices of the Peace of the respective Counties within which the said Villages lie, shall have a concurrent Jurisdiction within such Villages with such Magistrate or Magistrates respectively: Provided also, that before any Report shall be made to his Majesty, in consequence of any Reference to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, relating to the granting of such Charters, or any of them, due Notice shall be given to all such Persons as, in the Opinion of such Court, may be affected by the granting the same, in such Manner as the said Court shall direct, that they maybe heard against the granting such Charters respectively, if they shall so think proper.

1 nraKu given Parties concerned.

ITI. And whereas, for promoting the Purposes of the said Act, the said British Society have purchased Lands for building Villages in several Places in the remote Parts of Scotland, and have agreed to grant 3S Geo. III. Ff 4 Leases,

His Majesty may crest independent Burgh* of Barony in certain Parts of Scotland, as practised prevU ous t6 recited Act; and Per* Tons felling Lands to the Society incorporated by 26 Geo. III. Cap. 106, may resign them to the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, for xrefting them into such Burghs, &c.

Magistrates within the LU mits of such Burghs to exercise the Power of Justices concurrent with the County justices. Picvious Notice of Reports to his Majesty, relasing to granting Charters, to be

218

Lenses signed by a Mark of Settlers on Lands purchased by the British Society, and witnessed by the Minister, 4fcc. valid*

Two Justices may determine tCaufes not exceedirg 40L Scots.

How Caufts shall be pro.

feeded upon.

Warrant to authorize Wit-neflcsto befum-moned for Plaintiff and Defender.

Witnesses rot appearing at \lie first or adjourned Meeting,

I-Me toPenaliy.

C. 121.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

- w

4 Leases, renewable for ever, to such Persons as are inclined to settle there and to build Houses, with a View of carrying on the said Fisheries: And whereas many of the Settlers have not been taught to write, and cannot sign and execute legal and effectual Counterparts of such Leases otherwise than according to the Formalities required by the Law of Scotland in the Case of Persons who cannot write, which are, that two Notaries Public and four Witnesses shall be present when such Persons do affix their Mark to any Deed or obligatory Writing, and should attest the same, and that, from the great Didance of such Places from the residence of any Notaries Public, great Expence and Delays have arisen, and must arise, in signing such Leases, which has retarded and must retard the Progress of such V illages be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Settlers in any of the Villages erected or to be erected on any Lands purchased by the British Society for the Purposes aforesaid, to Tign with their respective Marks if they cannot write, in the Pi efence of the Resident Minister of the nearest Church to such Settlement, and of two Elders of such Church, who shall attest the same, or in

the Presence of the Sheriff Substitute, or of any justice of Peace, of the respective Counties, and of two

attest the same, instead of two Notaries and four Witnesses*, and that such Elders, who shall in like Manner

all Leases so signed by a Mark by the said Settlers, and jittested in Manner aforesaid, shall be as ^binding

tnd

and eft'ectual in Law, as if the same had been signed in the Prelence of two Notaries and four Witnesses, am that no Objection shall lie against the Validity of such Leases on Account of their being renewable for ever* any Law or Usage of Scotland to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small causes, arising out of Personal Contract or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS an easy, expeditious, and cheap Method of recovering Small Debts, and determining Small causes, arising out of Personal Contraft or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, would be of great Advantage in the Administration of Justice, particularly to the lower Ranks of People :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful and competent for any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of Peace in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within their respective Counties or Stewartries, to hear, try, and determine, as shall appear to them agreeable to Equity and good Conscience, all causes and Complaints brought before them concerning the Recovery of Debts, and the determining of Small causes, or making effectual any Demand arising out of Personal Contract or Obligation; provided always, that the Debt or Demand shall not exceed the Value of Forty Pounds Scots, exclusive of Costs, and that in a summary Way, as more particularly after mentioned.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such causes shall proceed upon Petition or Complaint, stating shortly the Cause or Ground of Action, and concluding against the Defender; which

Complaint, being signed by the Justice of Peace Clerk, or any Deputy by him appointed, or in case of his failing to appoint, by a Clerk to be appointed within the respective Districts as herein after mentioned, shall be a Warrant for any Constable or Peace Officer for summoning the Defender to appear and answer at the next Meeting of the Justices of Peace in the District of the County or Stewartry where the Defender re-fides, the same not being sooner than six Days after the Date of the Citation, and also for summoning

Witnesses to the same Day and Place: Provided always, that a Copy of the said Petition or Complaint, with the Citation annexed, shall be delivered by a Constable or Peace Officer to the Defender per Tonally, or

left at his Dwelling-house; in which last Case, if the Defender shall not appear, he shall be cited a second Time personally, or at his Dwelling-house, upon a new Warrant or Order, subjoined to the original Petition, and -JJgned by an

JP

iy one Justice of the Peace, to appear either at the next stated Meeting, or at a Meeting to be held by Adjournment for the Purpose, and nxed by the Justices at the said first Diet, which tecond Meeting not to be sooner than three Days from the Date of the first, or in Default, to be held as eonfefling the Debt or Justice of the Demand; and the Constable or Peace Officer shall in both Cases return an Execution of Citation, signed by him, or shall appear and give Evidence upon Oath of his having duly cited the Defender in Manner aforesaid.

f I

13

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the original Warrant, signed by the Justice of Peace Clerk, or his Deputy, shall contain an Authority to the Officer to summon Witnesses not only for the Plaintiff or Pursuer, but also for the Defender, if the Officer shall at any Time before the Diet of Appear-

alice be required by the Defender to cite such Witnesses.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Witnesses cited either upon the one Past or the other do not appear at the Time and Place to which they are cited, it shall be competent to the Party or Parties to apply for a new Warrant for compelling them to attend at the next stated or adjourned Meeting, which Warrant may be signed by any one Justice of the Peace, and may require them to attend in order to give Evidence, under the Penalty of twenty Shilling sterling, to be awarded by the Justice of Peace ill Default of their Appearance, unless a reatouable Excule be offered and sustained, and to be recovered by the Party at whose Instance they were cited, in the same Form and Manner as is herein directed with regard to

other Sma-l Debts; or, in the Option of the Justices of Peace, to be imprisoned for a certain Xime in the County Prison, not exceeding ten Days.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 123. 219

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Parties shall appear, the said Justices. £artJcs a,v*

shall be empowered to hear them viva voce, and to examine Witnesses upon Oath, and also the Parties by Declaration, or upon Oath, proceeding on the Reference of either Party: Provided always, that no Pro- C;ith> but* no curators. Solicitors, or any Persons pra#ifing the Law, shall be allowed to plead for them, nor shall any of Practifer of the the Pleadings, or Minutes, or Evidence, be taken down in Writing, nor be entered upon any Record. Law to plead, &c.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Defender who has been personally cited, or vbo has been cited a second Time on Default for Non-appearance on his first Citation, shall not appear,

r Justices to give him a Delay, he shall beheld as con fe fling the

a sufficient Lxcufe shall happen to be made, or if the Absence of Witnesses, or any other good Reason aligned, shall move the Justices to adjourn the Meeting to another Day, or to the next dated Time of Meeting, it shall be competent for them to make such Adjournment, and the Parres and Witnesses shall be ordered then to attend.

VII. And be it enacted, That in case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justices, that the Non-

attendance of Parties or Witnesses has

or that he has returned a false Execution., I Wfft. __________Hi. ...JBHLJMPI L —P

to the Poor, or imprisonment, the Fine not exceeding twenty Shillings Sterling, nor the Imprisonment not exceeding ten Days. ’

V1JI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tint the Clerk or Depute Clerk shall keep a Book, wherein shall be entered a Transcript of the Petition or Complaint, with the Date of giving it in, the several Deliverances, or Interlocutory Orders of the Justices, and the final Judgment or Decree, with the Date, thereof, which lad shall be signed by the Justices present, or by their Prefes, if more than two are present; and a Copy of said Decree shall, by the Clerk, be annexed to the principal Petition or Complaint, containing Warrant for arresting or poinding the Effects of the Defender, or for committing his Person to Prison; which Copy or Extra#, being signed by the Clerk or his Deputy, and delivered to the Party in whose Fa-, your the same is granted, shall be a Warrant for Execution after the Expiration of fix free Days from the Date of pronouncing the Decree, if the Party against whom it is given has been present in Court when it was pronounced; or if he has not been present. Execution shall only proceed after a Charge of fix free

as been occasioned by any Failure of Duty on the Part of the Officer, on, it shall be in the Power of the said Justices to put)i(h him, by a Fine

Defender not appearing, or fending a fuifi-cient Excuse, to be held as conic fling the Debt, &c.

Justices may punish Officer for Failure of Duty.

Chrk to inter Transcript of Petition# and Decrees.

Co?y of Decree to be Warrant lor Execution.

plus

Effi

"’O-- —

A# for Poinding and

Carrying inc

Effe#s poinded to the neared Market Town, or Kirk Town, or Village within the Parish, and after getting the same duly appraised, felling them between the Hours of Eleven and Twelve Forenoon, at the Cross, or mod public Place, after one Hour’s Notice given by a Cryer, by public Roup to tf

if any, to the Owner, after deducing what is allowed by thi

its are not fold^ delivering them over at the appraised Value to the Creditor to the Amount of the Debt, and of the Allowance for Poinding: Provided always, that in case the Place of Sale isnota Market Town, but only a Kirk Town or Village, the Place and Time of Sale shall be advertised, two Days at lead before the Day of Sale, at the Door of the Parish Church, upon Sunday after the Foreneon Sermon: Provided always, that the said Justices may, if they shall think proper, dire# the Sum or Sums found due to be repaid by Indalments, weekly or monthly, according to the Circumstances of the Parties found liable.

X. And be it cna# by the Authority aforesaid, That the Decree thus given shall not be subject to Advocation, nor to any Suspension, Appeal, or other Stay of Execution; and in case either Party shall thereafter infid in an Action of Reduction, before the Court of Session, for setting aside the Proceedings, on the Ground of alleged Iniquity or Oppreflton, he shall, before being heard in such Action, be obliged to find diffident Caution, and to lodge the same in the Hands of the Clerk of Court for Payment of such Expences as may be awarded against him; nor shall any such Action be at all competent, after the Expiration of one Year from the Date of the Decree of the said Justices.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Thru the following Fees, and no other, shall be allowed and taken; videlicet;, 1 r -

Form Poinding.

Justice mi7 oir-<Lr Men.y due to be piid by Instalments.

Decree not Tub-jest to Advocfc*

tien, &c.

Caution to be found where an Action of Reduction is in-lifted on, &c.

Fees to be taken as follows.

To the Clerk of Court, for drawing up Petition and Complain*

For entering and transcribing the same in his Book -

To the Clerk, for a Copy of Service -

To him, for signing and entering the same in his Book To him, for entering the Appearance of every Defender To him, for every Oath -

To him, for the Decree containing the Warrant of Execution

To him, for Warrant to cite Defender’s Witnesses, or any other Warrant or Order

To him, for every Petition Answer

To the Cryer, for calling the Action -; -

To the Officers, for summoning the Defender or Witnesses, each

To him, for the Execution of Arredment of the Defender’s Effe#s

To him and the Assistants, for poinding the Effe#s -

To him and his AffiAants, for felling the same -

To hun and Aflidants, for Execution against the Defender’s Person To the Officer, for every Mile he shall travel to the Country

~F f a

Sterling.

£ i. d.

O 0 6

O 0 6

O 0 2

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

' 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 _ 1 Oi

- 0 Q w 4

- 0 0 4

0 2 0

- 0 2 0

- 0 3 0

- 0 0 1

A Copy

213

Leases signed by a Mark of Settlers on Lands purchased by the firitiih Society, and witnessed by the Minister, 4kc. valid.

a 4

Two Justices may determine tCanfes not cx cecdirg 4c! Scots.

0

How cause shall be proceeded upon.

Warrant to authorize Wit-

ndH's to befiim-moned for Plaintiff and Defender.

Witnesses rot a^x*aring at the first or adjourned Meeting, baUe to Penalty.

C. 123.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

[This page repeated?]

4 Leases, renewable for ever, to such Persons as are inclined to settle there and to build Houses, with a View of carrying on the said Fisheries: And whereas many of the Settlers have not been taught to write, and cannot sign and execute legal and effectual Counterparts of such Leases otherwise than according to the Formalities required by the Law of Scotland in the Case of Persons who cannot write, which are, that two Notaries Public and four Witnesses shall be present when such Persons do affix their Mark to any Deed or obligatory Writing, and should attest the same, and that, from the great Distance of such Places from the residence of any Notaries Public, great Expence and Delays have arisen, and must arise, in signing such Leases, which has retarded and mud retard the Progress of such V illages be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Settlers in any of the Villages eredded or to be eredfed on any Lands purchased by the British Society for the Purposes aforesaid, to sign with their respective Marks if they cannot write, in the Presenceof the Refulent Minister of the nearest Church to such Settlement, and of two Elders of such Church, who shall attest: the same* or in the Presenceof the Sheriff Substitute, or of any Justice of Peace, of the respective Counties, and of two such Elders, who shall in like Manner attest the same, instead of two Notaries and four Witnesses; and that all Leases so signed by a Mark by the said Settler?;, and attested in Manner aforesaid, shall be as binding and eft'ectual in Law, as if the same had been signed in the Presence of two Notaries and four Witnesses, and that no Objection shall lie against the Validity of such Leases on Account of their being renewable for ever arty Law or Usage of Scotland to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small causes, arising out of Personal Contract or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS an easy, expeditious, and cheap Method of recovering Small Debts, and determining Small causes, arising out of Personal Contract or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called

4 Scotland, would be of great Advantage in the Administration of Justice, particularly to the lower Ranks of People May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advicfc and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Tempera), and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful and competent for any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of Peace in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within their respective Counties or Stewartries, to hear, try, and determine, as shall appear to them agreeable to Equity and good Conscience, all causes and Complaints brought before them concerning the Recovery of Debts, and the determining of Small causes, or making effectual any Demand arising out of Personal Contract or Obligation; provided always, that the Debt or Demand shall not exceed the Value of Forty Pounds Scots> exclusive of Costs, and that in a summary Way, as more particularly after mentioned. " - ... j ./ ', J

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such causes shall proceed upon Petition or

Complaint, stating shortly the Cause or Ground of Action, and concluding against the Defender; which Complaint, being signed by the Justice of Peace Clerk, or any Deputy by him appointed, or in case of his failing to appoint, by a Clerk to be appointed within the respective Districts as herein after mentioned, shall be a Warrant for any Constable or Peace Officer for summoning the Defender to appear and answer at the next Meeting of the Justices of Peace in the District of the County or Stewartry where the Defender refutes, the same not being sooner than six Days after the Date of the Citation, and also for summoning Witnesses to the same Day and Place: Provided always, that a Copy of the said Petition or Complaint, with the Citation annexed, shall be delivered by a Constable or Peace Officer to the Defender personally, or left at his Dwelling-house; in which last Case, if the Defender shall not appear, he shall be cited a second Time personally, or at his Dwelling-house, upon a new Warrant or Order, subjoined to the original Petition, and signed by any one Justice of the Peace, to appear either at the next stated Meeting, or at a Meeting to be held by Adjournment for the Purpose, and nxed by the Justices at the said first Diet, which second Meeting not to be sooner than three Days from the Date of the first, or in Default, to be held as confessing the Debt or Justice of the Demand; and the Constable or Peace Officer shall in both Cases return an Execution of Citation, signed by him, or shall appear and give Evidence upon Oath of his having duly cited the Defender in Manner aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the original Warrant, signed by the Justice of Peace Clerk, or his Deputy, shall contain an Authority to the Officer to summon Witnesses not only for the Plaintiff or Pursuer, but also for the Defender, if the Officer shall at any Time before the Diet of Appearance be required by the Defender to cite such Witnesses.

% W

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Witnesses cited either upon the one Part or the other do not appear at the Time and Place to which they are cited, it shall be competent to the Party or Parties to apply for a new Warrant for compelling them to attend at the next stated or adjourned Meeting, which Warrant may be fvgned by any one Justice of the Peace, and may require them to attend in order to give Evidence, under the Penalty of twenty Shilling sterling, to be awarded by the Justice of Peace in Default of their Appearance, unless a reatonable Excuie be offered and sustained, and to be recovered by the Party at whose Instance they were cited, in the same Form and Manner as is herein directed with regard to

other Small Debts; or, in the Option of the Justices of Peace, to be imprisoned (or a certain Time in the County Prison, not exceeding ten Days.

R Y* And

795. Anno tricesimo quinto

C. 123. 9

Parties and Witness may

be examined on Oath, but no

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Parties shall appear, the said Justices

shall be empowered to hear them viva voce, and to examine Witnesses upon Oath, and also the Parties by Declaration, or upon Oath, proceeding on the Reference of either Party: Provided always, that no Pro- uuwiw

Curators, Solicitors, or any fersons practising the Law, shall be allowed to plead for them, nor shall any of Pn&i&r of the the Pleadings, or Minutes, or Evidence, be taken down in Writing, nor be entered upon any Record. Law to plead, &c.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Defender who has been personally cited, or -who has been cited a second Time on Default for Non-appearance on his fird Citation, shall not appear,

and shall not fend an Excuse to satisfy thp Justices to give him a Delay, he shall be held as confessing the Debt, or Justice of the Demand; but if a sufficient Excuse shall happen to be made, or if the Absence of Witnesses, or any other good Reason assigned, shall move the Justices to adjourn the Meeting to another Day, or to the next stated Time of Meeting, it shall be competent for them to make such Adjournment, and the Parries and Witnesses shall be ordered then to attend.

VII. And be it enacted, Th.it in case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justices, that the Non--attendance of Parties or Witnesses has been occasioned by any Failure of Duty on the Part of the Officer,

exceeding ten Days.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk or Depute Clerk shall keep a Kook, wherein shall be entered a Transcript of the Petition or Complaint, with the Date of giving it in, the several Deliverances, or Interlocutory Orders of the Justices, and the final Judgment or Decree, with the Date, thereof, which last shall be signed by the Justices present, or by their Prefes, if more than two are present j and a Copy of said Decree shall, by the Clerk, be annexed to tile principal Petition or Complaint, containing Warrant for arresting or poinding the Eft'cdsof the Defender, or for committing his Person to Prison; which Copy or Extract, being signed by the Clerk or his Deputy, and delivered to the Party in whose Favour the same is granted, shall be a Warrant for Execution after the Expiration of fix free Days from the Date of pronouncing the Decree, if the Party against whom it is given has been present in Court when it was pronounced; or if he has not been present. Execution shall only proceed alter a Charge of fix free

accenuance or rarties or w itnenes nas oeen occassioneo oy any rauure or i^uty on tnc rare or the wm< or that he has returned a false Execution, it shall be in the Power of the said Justices to punish him, by a F

to the Poor, or Imprisonment, the Fine not exceeding twenty Shillings Sterling, nor the I m prison men t

PIJPPPIrot

appearing, or fending a fulfi-cient Excuse, to be hrld as con* fefting the I>tbt, &c.

Justices may punish Officer for Failure of Duty.

Clerk to enter Transcript of Pttition§ and Decrees.

Copy of Decree to be Warrant lor Execution.

Form of Poinding-

turning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner, after deducting what is allowed by this Act for Poinding and Sale; and if the Effects are not fold^ delivering them over at the appraised Value to the Creditor to the Amount of the Debt, and of the Allowance for Poinding: Provided always, that in case the Place of Sale is not a Market Town, but only a Kirk Town or Village, the Place and Time of Sale shall

ys, that the said Justices may, if tt by Instalments, weekly or monthly

two Days at least before the Day of Sale, at the Door of the Parish Church, upon Sunday after the Fore-

>er, directlie Sum or

Circumstances of the

Parties found liable.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Decree thus given shall not be subject to Advocation, nor to any Suspension, Appeal, or other Stay of Execution; and in case either Party shall thereafter insist in an Action of Reduction, before the Court of Session, for setting aside the Proceedings, on the Ground of alleged Iniquity or Oppression, he shall, before being heard in such Action, be obliged to find sufficient Caution, and to lodge the lame in the Hands of the Clerk of Court for Payment of such Expence* as may be awarded against him; nor shall any such Action be at all competent, after the Expiration of one Year from the Date of the Decree of the said Justices.

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following Fees, and no other, shall be allowed and taken; videlicet: 1 - v

To the Clerk of Court, for drawing up Petition and Complaint For entering and transcribing the same in his Book -

To the Clerk, for a Copy of Service -

To him, for ugning and entering the same in his Book To him, for entering the Appearance of every Defender To him, for every Oath -

To him, for the Decree containing the Warrant of Execution To him, for Warrant to cite Defender’s Witnesses, or any other Warrant or Order To him, for every Petition Answer TotheCryer, for calling the Action -

To the Officers, for summoning the Defender or Witnesses, each To him, for the Execution of Arrestment of the Defender's Effects To him and the Assistants, for poinding the Effects -

To him and his Assistants, for felling the same -

To him and Assistants, for Execution against the Defender’s Person To the Officer, for every Mile he shall travel to the Country

I -L&kkiMurV- - X ?F f 2

Justice my order Mon-.y due to be paid by Instalmcnu.

Decree not Tub-jett to Advocation, Si c. Caution to be found where an Action of Reduction is in-lifted on, &c.

Fees to be taken as fellows.

Sterling.

£ i* d.

O 0 6

O 0 6

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

0 0 6

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 0*

- 0 Q V 4

- 0 0 4

0 2 0

- 0 2 0

- 0 3 0

- 0 0 3

A Copy

220

C. 124.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Justices to make

Divisions of Counties for carrying this Ac* into Execution.

Quarter Sessions to order Notice of Meetings.

Justices to name a Clerk if the Justicfr of Peace Clerk fail to game a Deputy.

A Copy of which Table of Fees, signed by the Clerk, shall be hung up in every Place for holding of Courts, and in his Office.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Justices of Peace of each County or Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, at their first, or any after Meeting of the Quarter Sessions, make suitable Divisions of the County or Stewartry into Distri&s, within which the Justices of the Peace shall meet, at a convenient Place in each District, upon the first Monday of every Month, at Eleven o’Clock Forenoon, in order to carry the Purposes of this Act into Execution, and which Monthly Meetings may be adjourned, if necessary, to any other lawful Day or Days of the Month, to be held at the same Place; and the Quarter Sessions shall at the same Time appoint the Place of Meeting in each Distr’uft, of which they shall order clue Notice to be given to^all concerned, by Advertisementat the Church Doors of every Parish within the County or Stewartry, at Icaft two Sundays after the Places are certified: And in case the Justice of Peace Clerk shall fail to name a Deputy in each of the said Districts, on or before the Time so appointed for each District Meeting, or before any subsequent Meeting, of which the said Justice of Peace Clerk has had personal Notice, the said Justices who shall attend at such District Meeting or Meetings shall, and they are hereby empowered to name a Clerk for that District, who shall be removeable by any subsequent Quarter Sessions, and another Clerk may then be appointed by the said Quarter Sessions, from Time to Time, as they shall see Cause.

XIII. And whereas the Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh have been in the immemorial Use and Possession of holding a Weekly Court for determining, in a summary Manner, according to Equity and good Conscience, all causes and Complaints brought before them forfmall Sums not exceeding ten Merks Scots Money; and of putting their Decrees into immediate Execution against all Persons redding within the Sheriffdome of the said City of Edinburgh: And whereas extending the Jurisdiction of the said Magis-

so far as concerns the Sum to be tried and determined summanly by them at their said Weekly Court

Magistrates of Edinburgh may determine causes in the Sheriffdome of the City for Demands not exceeding 40l. Scots.

known by the Name of The Ten Mcrk Court, would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants within the said Sheriffdome of the City of Edinburgh :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Magistrates shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorised, at their aforesaid Weekly Courts, to try, hear, and determine, in a summary Manner, all causes and Complaints brought before them concerning the Recovery of Debts, or the making effectual any Demand arising out of personal Con-trad! or Obligation, against all Persons residing within the Sheriffdome of the said City of, Edinburgh; Provided always, th t the Debtor Demand shall not exceed the Value of forty Pounds Scots.

Where Claims exceed 10 Merks, and do not exceed 40l. Scots, the Provisions herein contained to be

observed.

Jjurisdiction of Justices not regulated by this Act, to remain.

Commencement and Continuance of Act.

Woolcombers, and their Families may set up Trade in ar.y Place;

r.cr shall they tm removable

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Case where the Claim or Demand shall exceed the aforesaid Sum of ten Merks Scots Money, and not exceeding the Sum of forty Pounds Scots, the Provisions herein-before contained shall be, and the same are hereby directed to be, observed and putin Execution by the said Magistrates of Edinburgh at their said Weekly Courts; and that their Decrees shall be putin Execution in the same Way and Manner as herein-before directed and authorized relative to the Proceedings before and by the said Justices of the Peace.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Jurisdiction of the Justices of Peace in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as not regulated by the present Act, shall remain entire, and be exercised in the same Manner as they are entitled to exercise the same before the passing of this Act.

9 _ f

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and have Continuance from the first Day of June in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for and during the Term of five Years* and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act to enable Woolcombers to exercise Trades in any Town or Place in Great Britain.

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS the combing of Wool forms a distinct and confidence Branch of the Woollen Manufacture, in which Branch great Numbers of industrious Persons have been educated and employed;

and whereas from the great Improvement of Machinery the Employment hitherto afforded to such Persons and-their Families is likely to be much diminished: And whereas many of them would willingly employ themselves in other Branches of the Woollen Manufacture, or in such Trades as they are, or may become*

apt or able to follow and make use of, for the getting their Living by their own Labour, but are, or may 4 be, hindered from exercising those Trades in certain Cities and Corporations, and other Places, within this Kingdom, because of certain Bye-Laws and Customs of those Places, or of the Statute, made in the fifth Year of Queen Elizabetby prohibiting the Use of certain Trades to any Person who hath not served as aii Apprentice to such Trade for the Space of seven Years:* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King*£ most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Persons who have served ary Apprenticeship to the Art, Mystery, or Trade of a Woolcomber, or who are, by Law, entitled to use and exercise the same, and also the Wives and Children of such Woolcombers, may set up and exercise such Trade, or any other Trade or Business which they are apt and able for, in any Town or Place within this Kingdom, without any Let, Suit, or Molestation, of any Person or Persons' whatsoever, for or by reason of the uling of such Trade; nor shall such Woolcombers, or their Wives cur

Children, during the Time they shall exercise such Trades, fee removeable from such espective Place or & JPbcc*

221

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 125.

Places to his, her, or their last legal Place of Settlement, by virtue of any Law now in being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, until such Person or Persons shall become adhmlly chargeable to such Parish or Place; and if any such Woolcomber, or the Wife or Child of any such Woolcomber, shall be sued, impleaded, or indited, in any Court whatsoever within this Kingdom, for uiing or exercising any such Trades as aforesaid, then the said Woolcomber, or the Wife or Child of any such Woolcomber, making it appear to the same Court where they are so sued, impleaded, or indicted, that they have served a legal Apprenticeship to the said Trade of a Woolcomber, as aforesaid, or that he, she, or they is or are the Wife or Wives, Child or Children, of such Woolcomber or Woolcombers who shall have so served a legal Apprenticeship as aforesaid, shall, upon the General Issue pleaded, be found Not Guilty, in any Plaint, Bill, Information, or Indictment exhibited against them; and such Persons who notwithstanding this Act, shall prosecute the said Suit by Bill, Plaint, Information, or Indictment, and shall have a VerdiS pass against him, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue their said Suit, such Person or Persons shall pay unto such Woolcomber, or the Wife or Child of such Woolcomber respectively, Double Costs of Suit; to be recovered as any other Costs at Common Law may be recovered; and all Judges and Juries before whom any such Suit, Information, or Indictment, shall be brought, and all other Persons whatsoever, are to take Notice of this present AR, and shall conform themselves thereto; any Statute, Law, Ordinance, Custom, or Provision, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place, where any such Woolcomber, or his Wife or Child, shall (et up and exercise any Trade as aforesaid, to cause him or her to be summoned before them in the Town or Place where he or she shall set up and exercise such Trade as aforesaid, in order to make Oath of the Place of his or her last legal Settlement, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer,) and such Woolcomber, or his Wife or Child, is hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justices are hereby required to give an attested Copy of such Affidavit fomade before them to (he Person making the same, in order that he or she may produce it when required; which attested Copy shall, at any Time, be admitted as Evidence as to such last legal Settlement, before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace: Provided always, that in case any such Woolcomber, or his Wife or Child, shall again be summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such attested Copy of the Oath by him or her formerly taken being produced by him or her, or by liny other Person on his Behalf, such Woolcomber, or his Wife or Child, shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his or her legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy 0? such attested Copy of his or her Examination, if required.

III. Provided always, That this Act shall not in any wise be prejudicial to the Privileges of the Universities of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them; or extend to give Liberty to any Person to set up the Trade of a Vintner, or to fell any Wine or other Liquors within the said Universities without Licence first had and obtained from the Vice Chancellor of the same respectively.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for preventing the Accumulation of Debts by any future Heir Apparent of the Crown, and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure from the Time when a separate Establishment shall be made for such future Heir Apparent.

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to establish a regular Course of Payment of all just Demands which may be hereafter made upon any future Heir Apparent of the Crown, for any Debt to be incurred, and that the Accumulation of Debt may be prevented :* May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s.most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Time that a separate Establishment shall be made for any such future Heir Apparent, the principal Officer or Officers of such Heir Apparent shall, within fourteen Days after such Establishment shall be made, prepare and make out, for the Approbation of such Heir Apparent, a Plan of his Establishment in distinct Departmentrand Claftes, and in such Order as such Officer or Officers shall think fit and expedient, together with a Plan of the Salaries and Payments of each Class, and of each individual Office therein; and shall also prepare and make out an Estimate of the Annual Expences of each distinct Department in such Establishment, one Copy of which Plan and Estimate, after being approved of by such Heir Apparent, shall be forthwith lodged with the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and another in the Office of the Treasurer, or such principal Officer or Officers for the Time being as shall fee appointed by such Heir Apparent, and another with the Clerks of the two Houses of Parliament respectively: And that, from and after the first Quarterly Day for the Payment of the Revenue so established as aforesaid, all Distwrfements which shall be made out of such Revenues for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be made by such Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers in the Order specified in such Plan and Estimate, and no other; for which Disbursements to be made in the Order so specified, such Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers for the Time being shall be responsible and liable to answer the Damages to the Party grieved: Provided nevertheless, that if it shall at any Time be necessary or expedient to alter the said Plan of Establishment or Estimate of Expences as aforesaid, it shall and rx\py be lawful for such prin-Officer or Officers, being directed so to do by such Heir Apparent, to state such Alteration as may be thought necessary to be made therein; and if the same shall be approved of by such Heir Apparent, such

*ttrauon3 so made in such Plan of Establishment or Estimate of Expences, shall be lodged as is herein-before

until they become chargeable.

Persons sued proving their Apprenticeship, &c. to be found Not Guilty.

[Double Costs.]

Judges, &c. t* notice this Act.

/ I

Justices may summon Wool-combers to make Oath-of their legal Settlement.

Copy of Affidavit to be given, which shall be Evidence, &c.

A3 not to prejudice the Universities.

When a separate Ertahlish-ment shall be made for any future Heir Apparent, his principal Officer to make out a Plan of Establishment, &c.

All Disbursements from the Revenues to be made by the Treasurer, for which he shall be responsible,

Plao may be altered.

222

Treifunr so cause Payment* to h* entered in a 3ook, which his Maj.-rty’s Tre«Airy are to iv.fjxdl.

Treasurer to

cairfc Account of expences to be made out Quarterly, winch he is to examine and

Treasurer, by Wa-rant, may pay the Sums specified in Quarterly Accounts.

How Arrears at the End of Quarters shall be diffiUrged.

Surplus at the End of Quarters to be paid the Heir Apparent.

Demands which ftull accrue after the first Quarterly Day of Payment, to be delivered within xo Days after the Expirat on yf the Quaroer in winch they accrued.

No Demand to be included in Account but what has accrued within the Quarter preceding the Audit,

nor any paid.

C. 125. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

mentioned; and that upon any Encrease being made to the said separate Establishment of such Heir Apparent, the said Treasurer or principal Officer shall prepare and make out, for the Approbation of such Heir Apparent, a new Plan and Estimate in Manner herein-before directed; and the several Clauses and Provisions herein contained shall from thenceforth apply to such new Plan and Estimate.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Treasurer, or principal Officer or Officers for the Time being,

shall cause a Book or Books to be kept, in which all Payments for any of the Purposes aforesaid shall be duly entered in the Order and Course of Payment, with the Day, Month, and Year of paying the same; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, from Time to Time, (and they are hereby required so to do once at least in every Year,) to demand an Inspection of such Book or Books, or any Copy or Copies of the same, or any Part thereof, and the said Treasurer, or principal Officer or Officers, is and are hereby required to pay Obedience to the Orders of the said Commissioners for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That such Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers for the Time being shall, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of every Quarter of a Year, cause to be prepared and nude out a just: and exact Account of all the Expences incurred within the preceding Quarter of a Year and every such Account shall contain and set forth the several Sums paid, and the several Demands made, and thenout-standing, on Account of the Expences of each Department within the said Quarter; and the said Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to examine and audit the said Accounts, with the Vouchers relative to the same, and to sign his or their Approbation of the same, or of such Part or Parts thereof as he or they shall approve; provided that the Amount thereof shall not be disproportionate to or exceed the respective Plans and Estimates as herein-before is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, upon the Settlement of such Quarterly Account as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers being thereunto authorized by Warrant or Warrayts under the Privy Seal of such Heir Apparent, to pay, in the Order and Course settled as aforesaid, the Sums of Money specified in such Accounts, as the Quarterly Expence incurred as aforesaid, to the respective Persons to whom such Heir Apparent shall be debited in such Account, and the said Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers shall pay the same accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Deficiency shall arise in the Revenues of such Heir Apparent at the End of any Quarter of a Year, so as to create an Arrear in the Payment of any Claims made against such Heir Apparent, and allowed as aforesaid, such Arrears shall be carried to the Account of the Dext Quarter, and (except in the Case where any Arrears of a preceding Quarter shall likewise be carried to the same Account) shall be placed therein first in Order of Payment, and shall be paid first in Order, out of the first Monies payable on Account of the next succeeding Quarter: Provided always, that no Arrear of any of the Salaries or Allowances made or to be made by such Heir Apparent, to any Officer or Officers whose Duty it may be to carry this Adf into Execution, or who may be concerned in the Execution of the same, shall be carried on beyond the Term of one Quarter after the Quarter in which the same shall have become due; and that no Arrears of any Sort shall, on any Account, or under any Pretence, be carried on for more than two Quartets of a Year after the Quarter when the same shall accrue due; and that if it shall happen that any Arrears shall have been carried on for two Quarters of a Year, the same shall be discharged and paid out of the Sum due and payable in the Quarter to which such Arrear shall be carried, in Preference to the Arrear of the preceding Quarter, and in Preference to all Demands that shall accrue in the Quarter to which such Arrear shall be so carried; and it shall not be lawful for any Officer or Officers of such Heir Apparent to audit, allow, or settle any Account for the Quarter to which such Arrears of two Quarters shall be carried, or to issue any Sum or Sums of Money for the Payment or Satisfaction of the Claims of the Quarter to which such Arrear shall be carried, until the said Arrears shall be fully paid and satisfied: Provided also, that in case at the End of any Quarter there shall be carried to the Account of the same the Arrears of two Quarters preceding, the Arrears of the Quarter immediately preceding shall be placed second in the Order of Payment, and shall be paid second in Order next and immediately after the Payment of the Arrears of the Quarter next but owe preceding

VI. And be it further enacted, That if at the End of any Quarter of a Year any Surplus shall remain of the said Revenue, after paying and satisfying all Debts and Demands accrued during such Quarter, and all Arrears of former Quarters in each Department, such Surplus shall and may be paid over to the Privy Purse of such Heir Apparent.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Creditor of such Heir Apparent, whose Demand shall accrue after the first Quarterly Day for the Payment of the said Revenue, shall deliver into the Office of the Treasurer, or principal Officer or Officers of such Heir Apparent for the Time being, a Particular in Writing, containing the Nature and Amount of such Demand, and signed by him or her within ten Days after the Expiration of the Quarter of a Year in which such Demand shall accrue, in order that the same may be included in the preceding Quarterly Account, to be audited as aforesaid; and it shall not be lawful for such Treasurer, or principal Officer or Officers, to include in any such Account, to be audited as aforesaid, or to allow any Debt or Demand of what Nature or Kind soever, which shall not have wholly accrued within the Quarter of a Year preceding such Audit, other than the Arrears of such preceding Quarters aforesaid, or which shall not be presented to such proper Officer within the Time herein-before firmed, and according to the Directions of this Act; nor shall such Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers, under any Pretence or Colour of Authority whatever, issue, or cause to be issued, any Sum of Money ibr the Purpose of paying, satisfying, or discharging *any Debt or Demand, or any Pait thereof, which shall not have accrued and be claimed as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons, who shall have, or claim to have, any Debt or Demand against such Heir Apparent, on any Account whatever, shall not, after the first Quarterly Day for the Payment

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 125,126. £23

of such Revenue, deliver a Particular in Writing of the said Debt or Demand, to such proper Officer' within ten Days after the Expiration of the Quarter of a Year in which such Debt or Demand was incurred, every such Debt or Demand shall be barred both at Law and in Eauity; and all Bonds, Bills, Notes, or other Securities for Money, given or made in Consideration of any Debt or Demand, whereof the Particulars, in Writing, shall not be delivered according to the Directions of this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and that if any Officer of, or Person employed by, such Heir Apparent, to whom the Particulars of such Debts or Demands shall be delivered, according to the Directions of this Act, shall negledfc or refuse to insert the same in his Account of the Quarterly Expences incurred in the Manner before directed, every such Officer shall be liable to pay the Amount thereof in Damages to the Party grieved.

Demands not delivered in limited Time, f be barred, and Securities for such Debts void.

Officer neglecting to insert Demands in Quartetly Accounts, liable to

Payment of them.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit, either at Law or in Equity, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, by any Creditor against such Heir Apparent in his own Name, as a Party for the Recovery of any Debt or Demand whatsoever due, or claimed to be due, from such Heir Apparent, which shall accrue after the said first Quarterly Day for the Payment of such Revenue, nor upon any Bond, Bill, or Note, nor upon any Security given for the securing any Debt or Demand due from such Heir Apparent, but that ell Proceedings in any such Action or Suit shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

IX. And, in order that due Provision may be made for the Recovery of the just Debts of such Heir Apparent, be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Demand shall be made, or a Debt shall be claimed, which Demand or Debt shall have wholly accrued after the said first Quarterly Day for the Payment of such Revenue, and within the Quarter preceding such Claim or Demand, and the Particulars thereof shall have been delivered to such proper Officer within the Time herein-before limited, and the same shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for the Creditor or Creditors, at any Time within three Calendar Months after Delivery of such Particulars, but not afterwards, to 1‘uc and prosecute for the Recovery of such Debt or Demand, in which Action or Suit the Treasurer or other principal Officer or Officers of such Heir Apparent, to whom the Particulars of the Demand shall have been delivered, shall be made Defendant, and the like Proceedings shall be had in such Action or Suit as if the Treasurer or other principal Officer or Officers for the Time being were the real Party therein, save and except that notwithstanding the Plaintiff may obtain Judgment, no Execution shall issue against the Person of the Treasurer or other principal Officer or Officers for the Time being, nor against his or their proper Effects, but the Judgment shall be a Charge upon the Funds of such Heir Apparent which shall be in, or come into, the Hands of such Treasurer or other principal Officer or Officers within two Quarters after the Quarter in which the Debt or Debts for which such Action shall have been brought, and Judgment obtained, shall have accrued; and such Funds, whenever the same shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, or other principal Officer or Officers, shall be liable to the Payment of the Debt or Damages, and Costs, recovered in such Action or Suit, in Preference to all Debts and Demands, except such as shall have arisen in consequence of any prior Judgment, which shall have been obtained as is herein-before directed; and a Note or Docket of every Judgment so obtained as aforesaid shall be entered by the Creditor obtaining the said Judgment in the Office of the Treasurer or other principal Officer or Officers of such Heir Apparent within ten Days after signing the same, in order to entitle him to the Benefit of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of the Establishment of such Heir Apparent, or other Person intruded with the Management of such Revenues, shall neglect or refuse to prepare, make up, or transmit, any Account or Accounts, or to audit and investigate the same, or to pay and apply the Monies in his Hands for that Purpose, in the Order and Course to be settled and established by virtue of this Act, or shall divert or mifcpply the same, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Directions of this Act, or shall wilfully omit to insert in his Quarterly Account the Claim or Claims of any Creditor or Creditors delivered within the Time allowed by this Act, or shall wilfully prepare, make up, or transmit any folfc Account, every such Officer or other Person so offending against this Act, in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall We liable to pay Damages to the Party grieved; and that all Penalties and Damages incurred by any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed*

No Action to tv; brought against Heir Apparent for any Debt which shall accrue after the first Quarterly

Day of Payment.

For Demands.

delivered in Time limited. Creditors may fuc within three Months after Delivery.

HTu

Treasurer to b* made Defendant,

Judgment to-hr a Charge upon the Heir Apparent's Funds, fee.

Officer neglect.

ing to prepare Accounts, or to apply Monies as settled by this Act, or mifap-plying Monies, ttc. liable to Damages, which may be sued for in ary Court at W estminster.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple-Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage, at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes,

[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS the Entrance into the City of London, at and to the Westward of Temple Bar, in the Partfh of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, being the Principal Avenue for Carriages from Westminster into the said City; and also the Street called Snow Hill, in the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the said City or the Liberties thereof, being the principal Avenue for Carriages into, or 1 through, the said City from the New Squares and Buildings on the i^orth-weft thereof; are too narrow 4 *nd incommodious for the passing and repaying, as well of Foot Passengers as of Coaches, Carts, and VUjb] VK] 4 other

224

C. 126.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Common Council empowered to widen the Patiage at Temple Bar, and to make a commodious Street at Snow Hill; and to cieft Dwelling Houses and other Buildings upon the Ground to be purchased;

other Carriages, to the Prejudice and Inconvenience of the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in and near the same, to the great Interruption of Business, and to the endangering of the Lives of many of his Majesty's Subjects: And whereas such Inconveniences might be removed, if the Mayor, Aldermen, ?nd c Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, were enabled to widen and improve the Streets or Passages at and to the Weft ward of Tetnple Bar aforesaid, and from the Bottom of Holborn Hill to the East End of Snow Hill aforesaid, and for those Purposes (if necessary or expedient) to take down, and rebuild in a different Position, the Parish Church of Saint Clement Danes, and also the Alms Houses at the East End thereof, and the Vestry Room and Court House over the said Alms Houses, in the County aforesaid, and to purchase such Houses, Buildings, and Ground, as may be necessary for those Purposes; 4 but such Improvements cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament Therefore, upon the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted -by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London,'in Common Council assembled, shall be, and they are

Also to take

down and rebuild the Church of Saint Clement Danes.

Except the Portico and Steps on the South Side thereof.

The Church to be rebuilt in four Years after it is begun to be ‘taken down.

ing, or causing to be erected and built. Dwelling Houses or other Buildings, so as to form a straight Line from the North End of Temple Bar aforesaid to the North East Corner of IVych Street aforesaid, and by taking down all the Houses and Buildings (except the said Parish Church of Saint Clement Danes, but which may nevertheless be taken down and rebuilt as herein after mentioned,) between such straight Line and the South Side of the Strand, and to leave the Ground now covered therewith open, for the Purpose of making a large and commodious Street or Passage for the Accommodation of the Public; and also to design, lay out, open, and make a commodious Street, Way, or Passage, from the East End of Snow Hill aforesaid to the Bottom of Holborn Hill aforesaid; and to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, such Dwell-ing Houses, and other Buildings, as they shall think proper, upon such Part of the Ground to be purchased by virtue and under the Authority of this Act, at or near Snow Hill aforesaid, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall not be necessary for the Street, Way, or Passage intended to be made there as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think it necessary or expedient, for the Purpose of widening and improving the Street or Passage on the South Side of the said Parish Church of Saint Clement Danes, to take down the said Parish Church and rebuild it in a different Position, then, and in such Case, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall be, and they are hereby enabled to take down the said Parish Church of Saint Clement Danes: And in case the said Parish Church shall be taken down by the Authority of this Act, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby directea and required to ere£l, or cause to be Created, another Church, in a good and workmanlike Manner, of the same Style, Form, and Dimensions, as the present Parish Church is of, with the present Materials so far as they are found and good, and with new Materials of the like Qualities and Dimensions to supply the Deficiencies; and to build, or cause to be built, under the said new Church, the like Number of Vaults for the Burial of the Dead, and of as large Dimensions at least as the Vaults which are under the present Parish Church, and to place the said new Church as near as conveniently can be to the Site whereon the said Parish Church now (lands, and to place and fix, in a good and workmanlike Manner, Galleries and Pews in the said new Church, of the same Form, Structure, and Dimensions, and of as good Materials in every Respect as the Galleries and Pews which are now placed and fixed in the present Parish Church; and also to hang, put up, and fix, in the like good and workmanlike Manner, in the said new Church, the Bells, the Organ, Organ Case, and all other the Fixtures, Furniture, and Appurtenances, of and belonging to the present Parish Church, in like Situations, Manner, and Form, as the same are now fixed and placed respectively therein; and also to provide, mak«, and fix, a sufficient Iron Railing at a convenient Distance from and round the said new Church to be built as aforesaid, with a Foot-way of a sufficient Width on the Outside of the Railing next the Street or Carriage-way: Provided always, that if the said Parish Church shall be

Common the said Church: Provided further, that, if the said Parish Church shall be taken down as aforesaid, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby directed and required to begin to take down the same within the Space of five Years from and after the passing of this Act, and to complete and finish the new Church to be built as aforesaid, so that it may be in a fit and proper Condition for the Celebration of Divine Service, within the Space of four Years, to be computed from the Day on which the Workmen employed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall begin to take down any Part of the present Parish Church.

taken down under the Authority of this Act, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Comn Council assembled, shall not be subject or liable to rebuild the Portico and Steps on the South Side of

Clause for preserving the Graves, Grave Stones, and Monuments, in Saint Clement's Church and Church Yard. The Church Services shall (during the re-building of Saint Clement's Church) be performed in Lyons Inn Hall; and the Hall shall also be used as a Vestry Room and Court House for the Duchy of Lancaster. Clause for re-building the Vestry Room and Alms Houses and Duchy of Lanca/hr Court Room. Alterations may be made in the Church and other Buildings by mutual Consent. T'he Court Rooms to be built for the Duchy of Lancaster shall be deemed to be within the Duchy. The New Streets may be raised or lowered. Clauses directing how the Pavements shall be bid and made; and for; (retiring

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127.

securing the Payment of 750 / and Interest: charged upon the Paving Rates in Butcher Rowy &c. Sew*

ers and Drains to be arched over or filled up> Drains or Sewers to be made, f. Common Council empowered to build on, flop up, or inclose Parts of Streets, and also Courts, Alleys, tsfr.; and to pur-M chafe Houses, Land, fcV. for the Purposes aforesaid. Vestry Rooms, &c. may be built at the Weft 41 End of the Church Yard. No Person compellable to fell Part of his Premises if willing to fell the Whole,

Power of purchasing limited to seven Years. Bodies Politic, &c, Trustees, and other Persons, empowered to sell and convey Lands, When Parties refuse to treat, the Court of Mayor and Aldermen to iliac a Precept for impanelling a Jury; who are to be drawn as the Act 3 Geo. II. directs. Jury may be challenged. Jury to assess the-Value on Oath. Verdict of the Jury, &c. to be final. Previous Notice to be given to Parties interested. Expences of Juries provided for. Upon Payment of the Value assessed the Premises to be conveyed to the City. When a good Title cannot be made, or legal Conveyances executed; or the Parties are not to be found, tsfe. Court to order the Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank, tff.j subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition. Verdicts and [Judgments to be entered among the Records. Immediately after Verdicts and Payments, fs'e. Premises to vest in the City. Court of Mayor and Aldermen on Petition, may invest the Money in the Public Funds. Purchase Money of Premises held in Trust to be invested in other Purchases to the same Uses.

Bargains and Sales to have the Force of Fines and Recoveries. Persons having any Right, &c. to enter their Claims within a limited Time, or be barred. But may recover the Purchase Money, &c. from u Persons receiving the same. Tenants at Will, £sV. to deliver Possession on six Months Notice. Mortgagees, on Tender of Principal and Interest, to convey. On Refusal, Interest to cease. Upon Payment of Principal and Interest into the Bank, Premises to vest in the City. Monies to be paid or tendered before any Use made of the Premises. Court of Aldermen may fine Sheriffs, Jurors, or Witnesses, for not attending, iffc. Common Council empowered to let, fell, tsV. any Ground not necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and to use or fell old Materials; and to grant Licences for building on Part of the Streets, Monies arising by Sales or Licences to be appropriated to the Purposes of the Act. Clause for securing the Tithes, of Premises taken down. Power of Recovery of Annual Sums in lieu of Tithes, Annual Sums in lieu of Tithes how to be paid. Compensation for Loss of Faxes and Rates. Compensation to Rector of St. Clement Dunes and other Officers of the said Church. Clause for apportioning the Land Tax between the Westminster and Duchy Liberties; and for preserving the Marks of the Boundary Line of the Duchy Liberty. Common Council empowered to appoint Committees. Persons interested not eligible on such Committees. Persons not free of the City may be employed by Committees. Directions for giving Notice of Contracts. Recital of an Act 3 and 6 William and Mary, for raising the Orphans Fund. The Annual Sum of 2000l. raised on Personal Estates of the Inhabitants of London to cease. Common Council empowered to raise a further Sum upon the Credit of the Orphans Fund. Contributors to be entitled to redeemable Annuities. Common Council to give Bonds for such Annuities, assignable by indorsement. The Orphans Fund charged with such Annuities. Surplusses of the said Fund how to be applied. Upon Notice of Redemption and Tender of the Money, Annuities to cease; but the Principal to beftill payable. Deficiencies to be paid out of the Chamber of London. The Money borrowed to be applied only for the Purposes of this Act; and if any Surplus, to be applied to increase the Fund. Securities to be entered in Bocks. Chamberlain to keep Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements. Common Council empowered to appoint Officers, and allow them Salaries. Officers concerned in the Receipt of Money to give Security. Officers misapplying any of the said Monies, to forfeit Treble the Sum with Costs. City answerable in case ofomy Misapplication. Disbursements to be included in the Chamberlain’s Annual Accounts. This Actnot to aftcdl any of the City’s present Creditors. Improvements to be carried into Effect within ten Years. Expences of this Act how to be paid. Penalties and F orfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Dif- tress not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form. Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form. Act of 24. Geo. II. for rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office extendeU io this Act- Limitation of Actions. General Issue. Treble Costs. Public Act.’'

225

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentioned.

[27th June 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

'WHEREAS in Consideration of the heavy Losses which have been sustained in the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents, in consequence of the late Insurrections, it is expedient that your Majesty be enabled to direct Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, to be iftucd to Commissioners to be by them advanced, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for the Assistance and Accommodation of such Persons connected with or trading to the said Blands, as shall be desirous of receiving the same, on due Security being given for the Re-payment of the Sums so advanced within a Time to be limited:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal. and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it mail and may be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his

Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for

‘IS&lq.UL. Gg the

His Majesty may empower the Treasury to direct Exchr-

2 26

made out agreeable to 35 Geo. III. Cap. i, except as hereby excepted:

The Powers of which Act to exttndt© this.

Bills to bear Inti reit not exceeding 3d. per Cent, per Diem, and to be payable July 5, 1796.

Bills not to be received for any Duty, &c. before the Day appointed for their Payment, See*

Commissioners

appointed.

Commissioners to take the following

Oath.

Commissioners

may meet, appoint Officerr, allow Salaries, administer

Oaths, &c.

C. 127. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at his Majesty's Exchequer, containing different Sums of one hundred Pounds and fifty Pounds, in the lame or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, (except where other Directions for making out the same are contained and particularly expressed in this Act,) as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the faiu Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said recited Act, relating to the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made by the same Act, (except as herein after mentioned,) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Exchequer Bills had been originally authorized by the said recited Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, shall and may bear an Inrereft, not exceeding the Rate of three Pence per Centum per Diem, upon or in respect of the Whole of the Monies respectively contained therein; and that the Whole of such Bills shall be made payable on the fifth Day of july one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and that the principal Sums contained in such Bills, together with such Interest as aforesaid, to be computed from the Day of the Date of each such Bill, until the Time by this Act appointed for Payment thereof, shall be paid off and discharged at the Time appointed for the Payment thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Exchequer Bill to be made out by virtue of this Act shall, after the same hath been issued at the Exchequer, be afterwards at any Time, before the Day on which such Exchequer Bill is hereby appointed to be paid, received or taken by, or pals or be current with, any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain, of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, (otherwise or on any other Account than for the Discharge and cancelling of such Exchequer Bill in case the same shall be in due Course or Order of Payment,) before the said Day hereby appointed for Payment thereof, nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange, at any Time before the said Day of Payment thereof, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained agaiolt any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refuting to exchange any such Exchequer Bill for ready Money before the said Day of Payment thereof; any Thing in the said last mentioned Act, or this Act, contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Honourable Henry Hobart, the Right Honourable Charles Town field. Sir William Pulteney Baronet, Sir John Sinclair Baronet, Sir Grey Cooper Baronet, Sir Francis Baring Baronet; Richard Muilman Trench Chiswell, John William Anderson, William Curtis, Charles Grant, Jcfcph Nutt, Robert Hunter, Thomas Plummer, Gabriel Tucker Steward, and Benjamin Savage, Esquires, shall be, and are hereby constituted Commissioners for advancing and lending to any Person or Persons connected with or trading to the said Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents, or either of them, upon the Securities and under the Terms and Conditions, and subject to the Regulations herein mentioned, the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and the said Commissioners are hereby respectively required to execute the Powers and Authorities given to them by this Act, without any P'ce, Reward, Emolument, or Gratuity whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any two of the said Commissioners in this Act named, before they enter upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or the Mailer of the Rolls, for the Time being, which they, or either of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to administer, the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear that I will faithfully and impartially execute the several Powers and Trusts veiled in me by an Act, intituled, [here set forth the Title of the Act] according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.’.

And every other of the said Commissioners in this Act named shall likewise take the same Oath before ^ie said two Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall have Power to meet and fit from Time to Time in such Place or Places as they shall find most convenient, with or without Adjournment; and they shall and may appoint and employ a Secretary, and so many Clerks, Brokers, Messengers, and Officers, as they shall think meet, and allow to such Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers, and Others, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, in Writing under their Hands, such reasonable Salaries as the said Commissioners, appointed by this Act, shall think meet; and shall and may employ a Solicitor, and allow to such Solicitor such Salary or Reward as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable for his Care and Labour; and shall and may give and administer to such Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, and Officers, respectively, an Oath, for their faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trusts reposed in them by the said Commissioners, and in all other Things touching the Premises, and from Time to Time, at their Discretion, difraifs and discharge such Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers, and other Officers,

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127.

*27

Officers, and appoint others in their Place; and the said Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, and other Officers, are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trusts in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such Service, other than such Salaries or Rewards as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint in Manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine upon Oath or Affirmation, (which Oath or Affirmation they, or any one or more of them, are and is hereby authorized to administer,) all Persons who shall be willing to be examined, touching all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act, and also to receive any Affidavits or Depositions in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation, touching such Matters or Things as aforesaid, which shall be made before any Justice of the Peace of any County or Shire, or any Magistrate of any Borough or Town Corporate in Great Britain or Ireland, where or near to which the Person making such Affidavit or Deposition shall reside, and certified and transmitted to the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Magistrate (which Oath or Affirmation every such Justice or Magistrate shall be and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer); provided that in every such Affidavit or Deposition there shall be expressed the Addition of the Party making such Affidavit or Deposition, and the particular Place of his or her Abode.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby respectively authorized and required to iilue, and cause to be advanced, all such Sums of Money to such Person or Persons, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time desire, out of the Consolid3ted Fund, to be replaced in the Manner herein after mentioned; which Sums, so to be issued and advanced, shall be employed for the Payment of Allowances, and in defraying all other necessary Charges and Expences in or about the Execution of this Act, without other Account than before the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury; and which Money so to be issued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Assessment whatsoever, imposed by Authority of Parliament; but that an Account of the said Charges and Expences shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within two Months after the Expiration of the Commission, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if Parliament shall not be fitting, then within fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Sellioh of Parliament.

X. And be it further cnavSted, That if any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners respectively, or if any Person or Persons making any such Affidavit or Deposition as before mentioned shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall, in such Affidavit or Deposition, wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm, or allege, any Matter or Thing which shall be faHe or untrue, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as, by any Law now in being, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XL. And be it further enacted, That on the Day next after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, the said Commissioners who shall have taken the said Oath as aforesaid, shall meet to receive or to appoint a proper Person for receiving all such Applications in Writing as shall be made to them from any Person or Persons connected with or trading to the said Islands, or either of them, for the Loan and Advance of Money by Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, and shall also then fix and appoint a Day, not later than the fourth Day from their first Meeting as aforesaid, for taking into their Consideration all such Applications, and shall meet together for that Purpose, and shall proceed with all convenient Dispatch to ascertain the Amount of the Sums in Exchequer Bills which in their Judgment will be immediately requisite to be advanced under

Commissionerf may examine upon Oath Parties willing to be examined and receive Depositions made before Magistrates.

Treasury to issue Money for defraying the Charges of executing this Act, of which an Account shall be laid

I IP

before Parliament.

Persons giving false Evidence to be subject t<r the Penalties for Perjury.

this Act in pursuance of Applications then delivered, and shall forthwith certify such Amount to the Lords cate or Certificates under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners; and the said Lords Commissioners

Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, by one or more Certifi-

of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, on Receipt of such Certificate or Certificates, direct the proper Officer or Officers at the said Exchequer to deliver out Exchequer Bills in the Manner and under the Regulations herein after mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall, and they are hereby required, before any Apportionment of such Exchequer Bills shall be made, to cause all the Applications then delivered to beclalfed, according to the Amount of the Sums respectively applied for, and the Nature of the Securities tendered, and the Circumstances, Situation, and Connections of the Parties applying, as far as the same shall appear upon the said Applications, and thereupon to draw up and establish such general Rules and Regulations for their own Government in the apportioning and distributing the Sums to be advanced and lent in Exchequer Bills under this Act to the several Persons applying for the same, as they in their Discretion shall deem equitable and just; all which Rules and Regulations shall, within a convenient Time, be entered in a Book or Books to be prepared’ and kept by such Commissioners for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners appointed by this Act according to the true Purport and Meaning of such general Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, shall proceed to take into their Consideration all such Applications which shall specity the Particulars of the Sums required to be advanced as aforesaid, not being in any Case iels than the Sum of two thousand Pounds, and which shall tender any Security which the said Commissioners are authorized by this Act to take for the Payment of the Sums to be advanced, and which shall also specify the Natureand Amount thereof, and from Time to Time, on Inquiry into the same re-fyedtWely, shall determine what Persons shall in their Judgment be entitled to any Part of the Exchequer Bibs to be advanced pr lent under this Act, and to what Amount, and shall ascertain the Nature and Amount the Securities to be required from them for the same respectively,

G g z. - - Xin. And

Commissionert to meet to receive, or appoint a Person to receive. Application* for the Loan of Exchequer Hills, and to certify the Amount immediately wanted to the Treasury, who shall dtredt their Issue.

Comnu/Tioneri to chfs Applications, and establish Regulation s for apportioning the Sums to be advanced.

22$

Commissioners to give Certificates of the Amount of Bills ^portioned, which shall be a Warrant for their Delivery.

Bills to bear Date when blued.

Commissionera may alter Regulations.

Commissioners to appoint Days for considering Applications from Time to Time, and the Treasury may difett further Bills to be issued, &c.

Lists of Bills

made out to be delivered to the

Commissioners.

Persons to whom Bills are advanced to give Bond.

How Bonds shall be made, and what Securities deposited, where jlhere are no Sureties.

C. 127. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall deliver to all Persons to whom any of the said Exchequer Bills shall be apportioned as aforesaid by the said Commissioners, a Certificate or Certificates under the Hands and Seals of two or more of such Commissioners, specifying the Amount of the Sums to be advanced and lent, to be respectively numbered and marked in the Course and Order in which the same shall be delivered, which Certificate or Certificates being deposited-with the proper Officer or Officers, shall be asufficient Authority without other Warrant to such Office or Officers, to deliver such Exchequer Bills to the like Amount and Value as shall be described in and by such Certificate or Certificates of such Commissioners; and every such Exchequer Bill shall bear Date on the Day on which the same shall be issued, and shall and maybe ligned by the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or in his Name, by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to sign the same, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in Writing under their Hands, or of any three or more of them; and the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall have Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to revile and alter Rich Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, as they shall see Occasion, but that no such Reviiionor Alteration shall be valid unless agreed to at a Board of the said Commissioners, confiding of nine or more of them, convened upon three Days Notice for that Purpose.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall fix and appoint proper and convenient Days for taking into Consideration Rich Applications as shall from Time to Time be made to them, not being in any Case for less than the Sum of two thousand Pounds as aforesaid, and shall ascertain the Amount of such Exchequer Bills as shall be required to be from Time to Time issued for the Purposes of this Act, and by like Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, certify the same to the Lords Commissioners of his MajestyV Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, who shall and may, on the Receipt thereof di-redl further Exchequer Bills to be issued to such Amount, from Time to Time, as the Exigency of the Case shall in their Judgment require to be issued, until the Whole of the Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall have been issued for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Commissioners by this Act appointed shall from Time to Time proceed to determine to what Amount such Exchequer Bills shall be advanced to the Persons respectively applying for the same under this Act, and shall grant Certificates thereof to the pro|>cr Officer or Officers at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, in such Form, and under the like Rules and Regulations, as are herein-before mentioned, concerning the Exchequer Bills to be first issued as aforesaid, and such Officers shall from Time to Time deliver such Exchequer Bills in the Form and in the Manner before directed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That such Officers by whom such Exchequer Bills shall be delivered, shall, from Time to Time, upon the Requisition of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, deliver to them at their Office, complete Lists of all the Exchequer Bills made out by them, specifying therein the respective Dates and Sums expressed therein, and distinguishing therein the Persons to whom, and the Numbers of the Certificates, by virtue whereof the same were issued respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Sums in Exchequer Bills shall be advanced or lent, shall previously enter into such Bond or Obligation, Bonds or Obligations, in such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, and with such Sureties or such further Securities as as are herein after mentioned, and as the Case may require and the said Commissioners shall deem necessary mr which Bond or Obligation, Bonds or Obligations, and Securities, the said Commissioners shall, by their Discretion, have full Power and Authority to cause to be taken as herein after is mentioned; and that every Bond or Obligation to be taken in pursuance of this Act, as well of the principal Party as of such Sureties respectively, shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, in such Sum or Sums of Moneyas shall be directed by Rich Commissioners by virtue of this Act to be paid to our said Lord the King, by such Form of Words as Obligations to the King’s Majesty have been used to be made, and with such Conditions to be thereunder written as by such Commissioners shall be deemed proper; and that all Rich Obligations to be so made shall be good and effectual in the Law, and shall be of the same Quality, Force, and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Obligation made to our Sovereign Lord the now King, or his Predecessors, or any of them, hath at any Time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received, or taken to be any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds and Obligations which shall be entered into by the Person or Persons to whom or to whose Account any such Exchequer Bills shall be advanced, shall be made in such Sums, not less than double the Amount of the principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills, as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion direct; and that in every such Case if the Party or Parties shall enter into any such Bond or Obligation, Bonds or Obligations, without any or sufficient Surety or f Sureties, then such Party or Parties shall, over and above such Bond or Obligation, Bonds or Obligations,

deposit, or cause to be deposited, in the Custody of the said Commissioners, or of such Person as they shall appoint, by Writing under the Hands*of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, any Exchequer Bills issued under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed in Great Britain or Ireland, or any India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, or other negotiable Securities for Money whatever, or any Assignment or Assignments of any Mortgages, Heretable Bonds, or other Heretable or Real Securities whatever, which may effect, incumber, or charge the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Heretages, or other Real Estates, of any Person or Persons whatsoever, having Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Heretages, or other Real Estates in Great Britain or Ireland, and in which Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, or other Negociable Securities for Money, Mortgages, Heretable Bonds, or other Heretable or Real Securities, affecting, incumbering, or charging such Lands, Tenements,' or Hereditaments, or such Heretages, or other Real Estates in Great Britain ox Ireland, such Party or Parttes shall have a spe-

cific Interest to a certain Amount, which shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners,

229

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127.

bearing, a Proportion not less than is herein after mentioned, to the Value of the principal Sums so to be advanced; that is to say, in the Proportion of four to three on the Value of such Deposit, or on the Value of the specific Interest which the Party or Parties depositing tile fame, or causing the same to be deposited, shall have therein,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any such Bond or Obligation shall beentered into, with such Surety or Sureties as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion approve, then each of the Sureties in such Bond or Obligation shall be bound in such Sum, and no more, as he shall set and fub-scribe against his Name in such Bond or Obligation; provided that no Exchequer Bills shall be issued on the Security of such Bonds or Obligations as last mentioned, unless the Amount of all the Sums set and subscribed against the Names of the several Sureties, upon the said Bonds or Obligations, shall amount in the Whole to double the Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills so to be advanced on the Credit

thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, in all Cases where they shall see Occasion, to accept and take, as a further and additional Security for any Loan of any Sum on such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, or Part of such Loan, from any Principal or Surety in such Loan, or other Person or Persons having any Exchequer Bills issued under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed in Great Britain or Ireland, or any India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, or other Negotiable Securities for Money whatsoever, or from any such Principal or Surety, or other Person or Persons having Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Heretages, or other Real Estates, in Great Britain or Ireland\ any Mortgage, Heretable Bond, or other Heretable or Real Securities whatsoever, which may af-sect, incumber, or charge the said Real Estates of such Principals or Sureties, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and also to accept and take as a like further and additional Security from any such Principal or Surety, or other Person or Persons possessed of any Mortgages, Heretable Bonds, or other Heretable or Real, Securities, affecting, incumbering, or charging any such Real Estates in Great Britain or Ireland\ any Assignment or Alignments of such Mortgages, Heretable Bonds, or other Heretable or Real Securities; and that every such Exchequer Bill, India Bond, Bill of Exchange, or other Negociable Security for Money, and every such Mortgage, Heretable Bond, or other Heretable or Real Security, which shall be so accepted by the said Commissioners, shall be deposited with the said Commissioners, or such Person as they shall

ap^K)int.

And be it further enacted, That all such Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, or other

Negotiable Securities for Money so deposited with the said Commissioners, shall, in Default of Payment of such Loan in the Manner directed by this Act, become and be vested in the said Commissioners, and shall and may be fold and disposed of, or the Monies due and payable by virtue thereof shall and may be sued for in due Course of Law, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, for the Use of the said Commissioners under this Act; and that every Assignment of any such Mortgage, Heretable Bond, and other Heretable or Real Security, which shall be granted, constituted, or made to the said Commissioners, and shall be so deposited by the Principal or Principals in any such Bond or Obligation made to his Majesty as aforesaid, as a Security for such Loan as aforesaid; and every Mortgage, Heretable Bond, or other Heretable or Real Security, which shall be granted, constituted, made, or deposited as aforesaid, by any such Principal or Surety, or other Person or Persons, as such further and additional Security as aforesaid, shall severally and respectively be granted, constituted, and made, to and in the Name of the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the Tim^ being, in Trust for the said Commissioners, in Terms of the Loan for which the same shall be a Security; and the said Secretary for the Time being shall, under the Directions of the said Commissioners, have full Power and Authority to perform, execute, and carry into Effect, any Acts, Matters, and Things whatever, which shall be requisite for the further and better alluring and validating any such Mortgage, Heretable Bond, or other Heretable or Real Security or Afligmr.ent thereof as aforesaid, and for enforcing, prosecuting, and pursuing the same for the Recovery of the Sums for which such Securities were respectively granted, constituted, and made, in all Courts of competent Jurisdiction in Great Britain, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Securities respectively were granted, constituted, and made to the Secretary for the Time being, as a Security for his own proper Debt; and that on Payment or Satisfaction of the principal Sums for which such Security shall be given, with Interest for the same, and all Costs incurred in recovering the same, the said Secretary for the Time being shall, and he is hereby authorized, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, to execute on Behalf of the said Commissioners a Release, Discharge, or Renunciation of the said Monies so paid or satisfied, to be prepared at the Costs of the Party or Parties malting such Payment or Satisfaction, according to the Forms prescribed by Law for releasing, discharging. and renouncing a Mortgage, Debt, or Incumbrance, upon a Real Estate; and that such Release, Discharge, and Renunciation, shall be good and valid in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

XXI. And be it further enacted That in case any Person or Persons carrying on Trade in a Partnership or F irm with any other Person or Persons, shall apply for any Exchequer Bills to be advanced by virtue of this Act on any of the Securities herein mentioned, and shall shew, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Exchequer Bills are to be advanced to such Person or Persons for the Use of the said Vartncrship, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so applying for such Advance, to give to the said Commissioners, over and above the Security required by this Act, a Promissory Note or Promissory iNotesinthe Partnership Firm in such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, not exceeding in the Whole tiiC Amount of the Sum to be advanced to such Person or Persons, with Interest for the same, according to tnesaid Act, as the said Commissioners shall direct: which Promissory Notes as aforesaid shall respectively oc nude payable to the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Time being3 at such Times and in such

Proportions

Sureties bound forno more than they subscribe to, but no Bills to be issued uru Jess the whole subscribed amount to double the Sum to be advanced.

Commissioners may take additional Security a-, herein speci* fied.

Negotiable Deposits, in Default of Payment of Loan, to be (old, and the Monte* may be sued for in the Name of the Secretary, to whom Alignments of Mortgages, &c* shall be made.

Secretary may do all Acts lor validating Mortgages, recovering Monies, Ace.

Persons applying for Exchequer Bills for the L fc of Part-ncrships, may give No;cs in the Partnership

Firm.

Form of Part-

nerltyp Notes.

Notes to be given lor each «Instalment.

Where Bills shall have been applied to the life of Partner-_ships, their Ef-Mtc-and Effecto be liable though other Security shall have been taken.

' Commissioners may order Securities made to them to be affixed to their Secretary.

Principal Sums advanced, with

f m

Interest, to be repaid by In-ltalments, and in Default the Deposits may be disposed of or -sued for.

If Surety or Deposit be infus-ficient, the Commissioners may direct the proper Officer to proceed against the Sureties.

C. 127. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Proportions as the Advance to be made to the Person or Persons so applying shall be stipulated to be paid by the Bond or Obligation, Bonds or Obligations, to be entered into by such Person or Persons pursuant to this Act, which Notes shall be respectively made in the Form following; that is to say,

c promise to pay to the Secretary of the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills advanced to

4 Persons connected with or trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents for the Time being,

the Sum of with Inter eft for the same, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum by the

4 Year, from the Date hereof, on the Day of now next ensuing.*

Provided that fenarate and distinct Notes shall be made and given by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, in respect of each Instalment to be paid of the Sum advanced pursuant to this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the Time being to sue upon every such Note.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Advance in Exchequer Bills shall be made to any Person or Persons concerned in any Partnership, upon the Application of any Person or Persons to the said Commissioners to make such Advance to the Use of the said Partnership, and such Advance, or any Part thereof, shall have been actually applied to the Use of the said Partnership, then the Estate and Effects of such Partnership shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Sums advanced and actually applied as aforesaid, with Interest for the same, and all Cods attending the Recovery thereof, as in case of Debt found on Record to the King’s Majesty, notwithstanding thQ,said Commissionfers shall or may have taken Securities for the same Debt in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons than the Persons concerned in such Partnership, or in the Names or Name of any one or more of such Partners; and in case it shall be made appear by Affidavit to any Baron of the respective Courts of Exchequer in England or Scotland, that such Advance, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, was actually applied to the Use of the said Partnership, and the same being found on Record, it shall be lawful for such Baron to cause an Extent to be issued against the Estate and Effects of such Partnership to the Amount of the Sum so actually applied, with Interest thereupon and Costs as aforesaid, in the same Manner as if the Advance so actually applied was an immediate Debt from all the Persons cpnpcrned in such Partnership to the King’s Majesty.* -

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, whensoever they shall see Cause, to order and direct, by any Order in Writing, any Security which may be granted, constituted, made, or assigned, to or to the Use or Behoof of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, to be granted, made, constituted, or assigned to their Secretary for the Time being, in his own proper Name, without any-Declaration of Useor Trust expressed therein, and in such Form and Manner as if such Security had been granted, made, constituted, or assigned to the said Secretary as and for his own proper Debt, and every such Security shall enure to the Use and Behoof of, and shall be in Trust for the said Commissioners, under and by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually as if such Ulhs or Trusts had been particularly expressed therein; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the principal Sums contained in the Exchequer Bills which shall be advanced or lent by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, shall be repaid, without Deduction or Abatement, together with Interest for the same, by Instalments as herein after is mentioned; (that is to say,) one-third Part of the principal Sums in such Exchequer Bills shall be repaid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, at their Office, together with Interest for the same, at and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on or before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; one other third Part thereof, with like Interest, on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and the Residue thereof, with like Interest, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; such Interest to be computed on the said principal Sum from the Times of such Loan to the respective Times of Payment thereof as aforesaid; and if any Default shall be made by any Person or Persons in the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money within the respective Times herein-before limited for Payment thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or any two or more of them, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Money due and payable by virtue thereof, the Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and other Personal Securities, deposited with the said Commissioners, or such Security or further Security as aforesaid, and also all such Mortgages and Assignments of Mortgages, Heretable Bonds, or other Heretable or Real Securities, made, constituted, or granted to or to the Use of or deposited with the said Commissioners, to be sold and disposed of or be sued for in due Course of Law, in the Name of the Secretary for the said Commissioners for the Time being, for the Use of the said Commissioners under this Act; and further, that in case any such Default shall be made, and no other sufficient Security shall be deposited or given, or that the same shall be found or shall become insufficrent in Value to satisfy the Whole of the Demand from such Defaulter or Defaulters, it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, without further Delay, to issue their Warrant or Warrants from Time to Time to the proper Officer or Officers of the Crown, having the Direction or Management of Proceedings upon Obligations to his Majesty, requiring such Officer or Officers presently to proceed against all or any of the Persons who shall have entered into any Bond or Obligation for the Sum advanced, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for the Recovery of such Parts of the Sums advanced on such Bonds or Obligations as shall be then due, together with Interest as aforesaid, and such Costs and Charges attending such Proceeding, as shall be by Law payable for the lame; the Amount of which principal Sums so to be levied the said Commissioners shall cause from'l ime to Time to be teitified by their Note in Writing under the Hands of any two or

more

23l

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127.

more of them, to such Officer or Officers, and which Sum shall be inserted in the Writ or Process; and the like Process shall and may from Time to Time issue as aforesaid, as Occasion shall require; and the Sums so recovered (the Costs and Charges aforesaid excepted) shall be paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England\ without Abatement, Deduction, or Delay, in Satisfaction of such Demands; and it shall he in the Discretion of the said Commissioners to direct against which of the Obligors in such Security such Proceedings shall be from Time to Time commenced or prosecuted; and the said Commissioners shall have the Control and Superintendance of such Prosecutions, and the same shall not be discontinued, quashed, or abated, upon any Pretence whatsoever, without the Authority of the said Commissioners, testified under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of them, and exhibited to the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Ex-chyuer at Westminster, or to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as the Case may require.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Proceeding shall be directed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, against any of the Obligors or Obligor named in any such Obligation, no Writ or Writs of Scire Facias shall be required to be issued; but that, upon the Production of the Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners as before mentioned, before any of the Barons of the said respective Courts of Exchequer, and in case such intended Proceeding shall be against any Sureties or Surety, then upon Proof of Notice having been served upon such Party or Parties, or left at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode reflectively, ten Days at least before such Application shall be made to such Baron, an Extent shall and may issue in the first Process, upon the Fiat of such Baron, without any Affidavit or other Verification or Proof of the Cause of such Proceeding than such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person as Surety shall give any such additional Security as in this Act is mentioned, over and above such Bond or Obligation, or other Security, for any Loan as is hereby required, and if any Payment shall be made of any Part of such Loan, in consequence of such additional Security being so given, and in Discharge thereof, every such Payment shall be deemed and taken to be made under the Bond or Obligation entered into by such Surety, and in Discharge, or in Part Discharge thereof, for the Purpose of entitling such Surety, his Executors or Administrators; and such Payment shall entitle such Surety, his Executors and Administrators respectively, to the like Remedy from the principal Debtor or Debtors in the said Loan, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Reimbursement of the Sums so paid or satisfied, and from the Co-Sureties in the said Loan for the like Contribution, as if such Payment or Satisfaction had actually been made upon the Bond or Obligation entered into by such Surety; and if any Person, not being a Party to any Bond or Obligation entered into by virtue of this Act, shall give such further Security for any Loan as in this Act is particularly mentioned, and any Payment or Satisra&ion of such Loan, or any Part thereof, shall be made in consequence of such further Security being so given, and in Discharge thereof, every such Payment or Satisfaction shall entitle the Party making the same, his Executors or Administrators, to the like Remedy from the principal Debtor or Debtors in the said Loan, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Reimbursement of the Sums so paid or satisfied as if such Person had entered into a Bond or Obligation as Surety, and such Payment had been made thereupon; and that in every Case of such Payment upon or in consequence of such additional Security, as well the Bond or Obligation, Bonds or Obligations, of such principal Debtor or Debtors, entered into by virtue of this Act, as all and every the additional Securities which may have been given by such principal Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, shall severally and respectively stand and remain as Securities for the Purpose of such Reimbursement in the Manner hereby directed in Cases of Payment by Sureties upon Bonds or Obligations, and until the Whole of the Sums so paid or satisfied shall be fully reimbursed; and that such Proceedings shall and may be had upon any additional Securities given by such principal Debtor or Debtors, for the Recovery of the Sums so paid for the Benefit of the respective Parties making such Payments, their Executors or Administrators, as might lawfully have been had for the Recovery of the Sums due-and payable to the said Commissioners, notwithstanding the said Loan shall have been fully repaid to the said Commissioners. -

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That after the due Payment of the Sums advanced, with Interest as aforesaid, at the Time and in the Manner herein specified, every such Bond or Obligation entered into in pursuance of this Act being fully satisfied, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forthwith delivered up to be cancelled; and in case any such Bond or Obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the Directions of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, by their Warrant or Warrants, direct the proper Officer or Officers of the said respective Courts of Exchequer to enter up Satisfaction on such Bond or Obligation, Bonds or Obligations, so being satisfied as aforesaid, upon the Record, or otherwise to deliver up the liime to be cancelled as the Case may require.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Bond or Obligation, with any Sureties or Surety to be taken according to this Act, after Payment or Recovery thereupon by the said Commissioners of the Sums advanced or lent, with all Interest and Costs, in the Manner required by this Act, shall stand and remain as a further Security for the Purposes, and in the Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to fav), if any Surety or Sureties upon such Bond or Obligation, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall have paid or satisfied any Part of such Sums, Interest, or Costs, then such Bond or Obligation as against the principal Obligor or Obligors, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall stand as a Security as aforesaid, fot the Reimbursement to such Sureties respectively, their Executors or Administrators, of the Whole of the Sums so paid or satisfied, and so from Time to Time until such Reimbursement shall be fully made according to the Intent of this Act; and if any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, shall bkve paid or satisfied a Sum which shall bear a greater Proportion to the Whole of the Sums recovered upon WcHRond or Obligation than the Sum for which such Surety respectively shall have been bound shall bear to

tat total Amount of all the several Sums of Money for which all the several Sureties shall have been bound

by

Monies recovc r- to be paid to the Bank. Commissioners may direct against which of the Obligors, Suits shall be commenced.

See.

In Proceedings

against Obligors,-no Writ of Scire Facias requifftc. Sec.

If Payment shall be made of Pan of Loan in consequence of any additional Security, il shall entitle the Surety to the same Remedy as if the Payment had been made upon

his Obligation, &c.

After payment -of Sums advanced and Inured, Obligations to be delivered up.

After Payment of Sums advanced by the Com- miflior.ers, Ob- ligutions with Sureties to re- -main as fort her Securities for certain Pur- -polls. -

Commissioners

may adjust. Claims of Sureties, and direct Process lor Recovery.

Process may issue against Principals for the Benefit of Sureties, and against Sureties for the Benefit of Cosureties, &iC,

I. Gates and E£-.frds of Bankrupts in England liable to the Claim of the Commissioners, in Preference to ail others.

Estates and Effects ot Bankrupts in Scotland liable to Creditors feck-ing Relief under Sequestration, subject to the Claims of the Commissioners, &c.

Commissioners

may accept from Assignees, &c. Security for Jiums due from JJankrup ts.

C. 127. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

by such Bond or Obligation, then such Bond or Obligation as against each and every of the Sureties who shall not have paid or satisfied an equal Proportion of the whole Sum recovered according to the Sum for which he shall have been respectively bound, their and every of their Heirs, Executory, and Administrators, respectively shall (land as a Security for the Benefit of such Sureties or Surety, their Executors or AdminU strators respectively, who shall have paid or satisfied any such Sums as aforesaid, for the Purpose of enforcing a Contribution among such Sureties in an equal Proportion to the several Sums for which they shall have been respectively bound, and so from Time to Time until such Contribution shall be fully made according to the Intent of this Act; and that in every such Case, upon the Application of any Sureties or Surety to the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall cause the respective Claims of such Sureties or Surety respectively, and the Sums to be recovered from such Principals or Sureties respectively, their and every of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to be adjusted and settled as herein is mentioned, so that the whole Sum recovered shall be distributed in equal Proportion according to the Sums for which each Surety respectively shall have been bound in the same Bond or Obligation, and to from Time to Time as the Case shall require; and thereupon the said Commissioners, by Warrant or Warrants in Writing under their Hands, shall from Time to Time direct Process to issue for the Recovery of such Sums -as they shall have so adjusted and settled Xo be respectively recovered from, and paid to, such Persons reflectively as they shall specify in such Warrant or Warrants, under and subject 10 the several Regulations and Directions in this Act contained.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That such Process as aforesaid shall and lawfully may iflbe on any such Bond or Obligation as aforesaid, against any such Principals or Principal, their or his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Benefit of any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, and against any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, as aforesaid, for the Benefit of any Co-Sureties or Co-Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, notwithstanding the whole Sum which shall have been advanced to such Principals or Principal shall have been repaid; and in case any Sureties or Surety shall become bound by distinct Bonds or Obligations for the same Persons or Person, and for or on account of the same Advancement, all and every the Provisions aforesaid shall be applied in like Manner, as well for the Benefit of as against such Principals or Principal, as if all such Sureties and Principals respectively were named in the same Obligation.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Bond or Obligation, or other Security entered into or given by any Person or Persons, cither as Principal or Surety, who shall afterwards become Bankrupt within the true Intent and Meaning of the several Statutes made and now in force concerning Bankrupts, and against whom a Commission of Bankrupt shall be awarded and issued out in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall, by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and from the Time of such Bankruptcy, become and be forfeited, and due and payable as against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and all the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Commission of Bankrupt, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interest due upon such Bond or Obligation, or other Security, and all Cods attending the Recovery of the same; and that the Claims of the said Commissioners shall be first paid and (a-tisfied out of the Estate and Effedb of the said Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in Preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, to apply, by Petition in a summary Way, to the proper Courts in England having the Jurisdiction of the Matters of such Commission of Bankruptcy, to make due Order accordingly, which such Courts respectively are hereby authorized and required to make.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Bond or Obligation, or other Security, entered into or given by any Person or Persons, either as Priixfipal or Surety, who shall afterwards become Bankrupt, and against whose Estate Sequestration shall be awarded in Scotland, shall, by Reason and Force of such Bankruptcy, and from the Time of the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition to the Court of Session for awarding the Sequestration, become and be due and payable as against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts; and that all the Estate and Effedfs, Real and Personal, of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Sequestration, shall he liable and subject to, a.id are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interest due upon such Bond or Obligation, or other Security, and all Costs attending the Recovery of the same, and that the Claims of the said Commissioners shall be first paid and satisfied out of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors, nevertheless, without Prejudice to Preferences duly obtained according to the Law of Scotland, upon the Real Estates of Persons who shall become Bankrupts; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, to apply by Petition, in a summary Way, to the proper Courts in Scotland having Jurisdiction of the Matters of such Bankruptcy, for making effectual the Payment of the Claims of the said Commissioners accordingly, and which such Courts are hereby authorized and required to make.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act to accept from the Assignees under any Commission of Bankrupt issued, or from the Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees, under any Sequestration awarded against any principal Debtor or Debtors in any such Loan, under this Act, such Security for the Payment of the Sum due from, such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, out of his or their Estate or Effects, as the said Commissioners shall approve* and that the Acceptance of such Security by the said Commissioners shall operate as a Release of the Estate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts for the Benefit of the Creditors under the said Commission of Bankrupt in England, or Sequestration in Scotland, from all Claims whatever by the said Commissioners, other than and

except such Part of the said Estate as shall be specified in Writing between the said Commissioners and the

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127.

I. m

M

said Assignees under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or between the said Commissioners and the said Fador or Fadors, Trustee or Trustees, under the said Sequestration in Scotland, to be reserved by the said Commissioners for such Security as aforesaid, in case the said Commissioners shall require such Security.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case such Debt shall grow due to the said Commissioners from any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, as a Surety or Sureties upon any such Loan as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to accept from the Assignees under such Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or from the Fador or Fadors, Trustee or Trustees, under such Sequestration in Scotland, such provisional Security for the Payment of the Sum due from such Bankrupt or Bankrupts out of his or their Estate or Effects, as the said Commissioners shall approve, such provisional Security to be void on the Payment or Satisfaction of the Sum so due by the principal Debtor or Debtors, or by the Acceptance of other Surety or Sureties in lieu thereof, in the Manner herein after mentioned; provided that such Acceptance of such provisional Security by the said Commissioners, shall operate as a Release of the Estate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts for the Benefit of thevCreditors under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or Sequestration in Scotland, from all Claims whatsoever, by the said Commissioners, other than and except such Part of the said Estate as shall be specified in Writing between the said Commissioners and the said Assignees under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or between the said Commissioners, and the said Fador or Fador?, Trustee or Trustees, under the said Sequestration in Scotland, to be reserved by them for such provisional Security as aforesaid, in case the said Commissioners shall require such Security: Provided always, that any such Release of the Estate or Estates of any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts as aforesaid, whether Principals or Sureties, upon any such Loan as aforesaid, shall not be deemed or taken either in Law or Equity to discharge any other Person or Persons, or the Estate or Ef-

feds of any other Person or Persons, or to affect any other Security for the same Debt, or in any Manner to prevent any Contribution, amongst Sureties, or any Demand of Sureties against their Principals provided for by this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Surety or Sureties, upon any such Loan by the said Commissioners under this Act, shall be declared Bankrupt as aforesaid, and the principal Debtor or Debtors thereon shall not, within fourteen Days after Notice thereof, and Reqtiifition made for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, produce another Surety or Sureties, to be approved of by the said Commissioners, to become bound, and who shall accordingly become bound in the said Sum, by the like Surety or Sureties, in lieu of the Surety or Sureties so becoming Bankrupt as aforesaid, or pay to the said Commissioners Onc-half of the Sum for which such Surety or Sureties were bound by such Security or Securities, then the Security and Securities given or entered into by such principal Debtor or Debtors shall be deemed forfeited as far as to the Amount of One-half of the Sum or Sums in which such Surety or Sureties were bound respectivel y; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause Process to be issued in the Manner prescribed by this Act against the principal Debtor or Debtors, his and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for the Recovery of One-half Part of all and every the Sum and Sums in which such Surety or Sureties were bound respectively, together with Interest and Costs, to be directed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, to apply, by Petition or otherwise, to the proper Courts in England and Scotland respectively, for any Commission of Bankruptcy or Sequestration against the Estate or Effects of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to sue out and otherwise pursue the same respectively, in like Manner as any other Creditor or Creditors is or are by Law entitled to do in England and Scotland respectively.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners named in any Commission of Bankruptcy which shall, at any Time hereafter, be awarded and issued out in England, and the Court of Session, or Lord Ordinary officiating on the Bills for the Time, and every Officer or other Person concerned in the Management of the sequestered Estate of any Bankrupt in Scotland, shall admit the Proof of any Debt, or Grounds of Debt, under this Act, on the Oath, Affirmation, or Affidavit of any Person appointed by the said Commissioners to ad in the Execution of this Act; which Oath, Affirmation, and Affidavit respectively, shall be taken and administered before any of the proper Officers having Authority by Law to administer Oaths or Affirmations, or to take Affidavits, in Cases of Bankruptcy, and shall permit such Person Jb authorized by the said Commissioners to vote in the Choice of an Assignee or Assignees, Fador or Fadors, Trustee or Trustees, as the Case may require, of such Bankrupt’s Estate and Effects, and to do and execute every other Act, Matter, and Thing, relating to such Bankruptcy, as fully and effectually as if such Person so authorized was the bona fide Creditor of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent, hinder, or delay the Execution of any Commission of Bankruptcy, by the Commissioners therein named, according to the Laws now in force in that Part of Great Britain called England, Ov the proceeding to or under Sequestration in Scotland, provided that every Assignment of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts tinder the said Commission in England, and every Ad of Sequestration of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, shall be subject to the Claims of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, and until the same shall be fully paid or secured to be

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Mortgages, Heritable Bonds, or other Heritable or Real Securities, and all Assignments of Mortgages, Heritable Bonds, or other Heritable or Real Securities, and a\lo all Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and other Negotiable Securities for Money whatso-tver, given to or deposited with the said Commissioners, under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, 35 Geo. III. Hh 1 shall

Commissioner*

may accept lioni Ash $nees, &c. of Sureties becoming Bankrupts, provisional Security for Payment ot* Sums due, &c.

If principal Debtors do not in a limited Time province Sureties in place of such as become Bankrupts, or pay Half of the Sum for which they wtre Sureties, their Securities shall be deemed forfeited to that Amount.

Commissioners may apply for Commissions of Bankruptcy, &c.

Any Person appointed by the Commissioners shall be admitted to prove Debts, &c.

Act not to delay the Execution of Commission* of Bankruptcy, &c. if Estates and EtFeds be subject to the Claims of the Commissioners.

Deposits vested in the Commissioners by a certain Descript ion, who may lue

234

C.

and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.

five Commissioners may acV

No Obligation, S:c. under this Act liable to Stamp Duty.

Bank to open an Account

with the Commissioners.

Commissioners to grant Certificates ot Bills advanced.

Bank on Pro duction of Certificates to acknowledge live Receipt of Monies.

When Money is raised by Sale of Securities, the Commissioners to deliver to the Officers a like Certificate, on Production of which the Bank to acknowledge the Receipt of the Money.

Receipts to be brought to the Commissioners to be entered and attested, which shall be a Discharge.

Money paid to the Bank to be paid into the Exchequer, to make good the Sums i fluid for discharging, the Exchequer fills, &c.

Treasury to cause an Account to be taken of ti*

i 27

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

shall be for such Purposes vested in the said Commissioners by the Name of The Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills advanced to Persons connected with or trading to the JJlands of Grenada or Saint Vincents \ and that the said Commissioners shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of the Secretary for the Time being, and that no Action or Suit in Law or Equity, to be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners on Account of this Act, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, or by the Act of such Secretary, without the Content of the said Commissioners, but the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit, as the Case may be, and no Action or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners collectively or individually, or against their Secretary, except in one of the said Courts of Exchequer, and with the Leave of such Court first had and obtained, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Courts Hull direct.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things, which the said Commissioners appointed by this Act are hereby required or authorized to do or execute, shall and may be done and executed by any five or more of them, unless the same shall be otherwise specially provided by this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Obligation to his Majesty taken by the said Commissioners from and after the passing of this Act, nor any Promissory Note to be given to the Secretary to the said Commissioners under this Act, as a Security for the Loan of Money in such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, Deposition, or Receipt, taken or to be taken or made under and by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to open an Account in their Books, with the Commissioners hereby appointed under the Title of The Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills advanced to Persons connected with or trading to the Islands of Grenada or Saint Vincents, and carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies by this Act directed to be paid to the Cashiers of the Bank; and whensoever the said Commissioners shall have advanced or lent any Sum or Sums of Money in Exchequer Bills, to be made out in pursuance of this Act, to any Person or Persons, the said Commissioners shall, at fotne Time before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, deliver to such Person or Persons, at his or their Request, one or more Certificate or Certificates under their Hands, specifying the Amount of such Exchequer Bills, and the respective Dates thereof; and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Production of such last mentioned Certificate or Certificates, on or before the respective Days appointed for Payment of the Sums so to be lent and advanced, accept and receive from the Person or Persons producing the same, such Proportion of the Amount of the principal Sums so lent, together with such Interest, to be computed from the Time of such Loan as aforesaid, and at the Foot of such last mentioned Certificate or Certificates acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, and that whensoever the said Commissioners shall by their Warrant or Order have directed such Monies to be raised or levied by Sale of any Securities, or by any Proceedings on any Securities taken by virtue of this Act in Default of such Payment as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall deliver to the Officer or Officers executing the same respectively, a like Certificate as aforesaid, and further specifying therein the Amount of the Monies to be so raised or levied, and the Substance of such Warrant or Order to raise or levy the same; and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or any one of them, shall, upon the Production of such last mentioned Certificate, accept and receive from such Officer or Officers the Money so raised or levied in Satisfaction of the Payments, whereof Default shall be so made as aforesaid, and at the Foot of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or Reward; and every such Receipt shall be afterwards brought into the Office of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and by them entered in proper Books, to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall attest the same under their Hands, and return the same to the Person or Persons producing the same at the said Office; and every such Receipt so attested, and every such Entry in any of the said Books, shall respectively from thenceforth be an Acquittance and Discharge for die Sums expressed therein, to have been received as against the said Commissioners and every of them, their and every of their Executors and Administrators, as well to the Person or Persons to whom such Receipts shall be given, as to all and every the Persons who have entered into any Security in respect of the Sums mentioned in such Certificate, to which such Receipt shall be subscribed, their and every of their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators reflectively. -

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of England under or by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Monies, and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the fifid Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act shall be entered separate and apart from *|Il other Monies paid into the said Receipt upon any other Account whatever, and that all the Monies so paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall he subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned; {that is to say,) In the first Place to make good all such Sums as shall have been issued out of the Public Monies for paying off and discharging all the Sums advanced in Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, with such Interest as shall be payable thereon; and after Payment of the same, in the next Place, to make good all such Sums as shall have been so issued towards the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, according to the Directions of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being*, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken and attested

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127

by the proper Officers of all the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, which shall become payable on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and that all the said Exchequer Bills, with the Interest anu Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fupd as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly (bated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off', cancelled^ and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may.be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty in like Manner at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds; any Thing in an Act, made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary% intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties federal Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; for securing attain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners herein appointed shall, from Time to Time, at their Discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required during their carrying on any Proceedings by virtue of this Act, and as soon as possible after the Determination of such Proceedings, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings in Writing to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the-Time being.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall decline to act in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts hereof, or having begun to adb mall decline to adi any further therein, or shall depart this Life during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of them, adbing as aforesaid, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to conliitute and appoint such Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so refuting to act, or declining further to adi, or dying as aforesaid, as the said acting Commissioners, or the major Part of them, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and so often as such Case shall happen; and the Person or Persons so constituted and appointed by the said Commissioners, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, having first qualified to adi by taking and subscribing the Oath herein-before provided and directed, shall be inverted with the same Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by this Act unto the said Commissioner or Commissioners constituted by this Act respectively.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, advancing any of the Exchequer Bills to be issued by virtue of this Act, by way of Loan, to any Persons who may be willing to accept such Exchequer Bills, valuing the same at the Sum which shall be expressed therein respectively, together with such Interest as may have accrued thereon at the Time of advancing such Loan, to charge and receive Interest for such Loan at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum \ any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may receive and fend all their Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Portage, provided that such Letters and Packets as shall be sent to the said Commissioners be directed to the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills at their Office; and that all such Letters and Packets as shall be sent by them be dated from their laid Office, and shall be signed on the Outside of such Letters and Packets by such Person as the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, shall appoint, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall think proper and direct.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, until fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Secretary for the Time being of the said Commissioners, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after (Lx Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed; and every such Action shall be brought in the said re-(pedlive Courts of Exchequer, and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, or City of Edinburgh respectively, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Blue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear lb to be done, or such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without fourteen Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall become nonsuited, or (utter a Ddcontinuance

Hh 2 of

23s

Exchequer Bills made out, which, with Interest and Clurgcs, shall be chared or> the Confoiidat-cd Fund.

Bank may advance Money

on the Credit 01 this ActL

Commissioner*

to give an Account of their Proceedings to the Treasury.

Majority of Commissionera may fill up Va*

cancies by Death, fcc.with Consent of the Treasury.

Persons ad v ant*

ing Exchequer Bills may charge 5l. per Cent. interest.

Commissioners

may receive and fend Letters lret of Poitage.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

236

28

[Treble Costs.]

Persons counterfeiting Certifi^ites, &c. guilty of Felony,

Affirmations may bc administered.

5 Geo. III. Caps. 14, and

-53, recited

tricesimo quinto

Oil III.

795

Every Contributor under the first recited Act entitled to a further Annuity of ] s. per Cent, lor a certain Period from Oct. 10, 1794.

of his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners by this Act appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Receipt or Receipts to be given by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in pursuance of this Act, or shall wilfully deliver to the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Time being, or to any Officer appointed by him, or to the said Commissioners by this Act appointed, or any of them, or to any Officer or Officers appointed by them, or any of them, in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person whomsoever, then and in every such Case all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where an Oath may be administered by this Act, it shall be lawful to administer an Affirmation in lieu thereof, as the Case may require.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act for allowing a further Annuity to the Subscribers to the Sum of eighteen Millions, authorized to be raised for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

[27th June 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have resolved that, in case Provision should be made by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament, for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan for the Service of the Emperor of Germany, to an Amount less than six millions Sterling, every Contributor to the Loan of eighteen millions, authorized to be raised by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of eighteen millions by way of Annuities, should be entitled on every one hundred Pounds so contributed to the said Loan of eighteen millions, to a further Annuity in the Proportion of six Pence per Centum for every seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds by which such Loan should fall short of the Sum of six millions Sterling; which proportional Annuity of six Pence per Centum per Annum should be added to and made one Joint Stock with the Annuities of eight Shillings and six Pence, granted by the said Act: And whereas by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of four millions six hundred thousand Pounds, to the Emperor 0/"Germany; such Guarantee as is herein-before mentioned hath been made to a Sum less than six millions by the Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of eighteen millions shall, for every one hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled, on the Completion of such Contribution, over and above any Annuity granted by the said first-recited Act, to a further Annuity of one Shilling, to continue for a certain Term of sixty-five Years and three Months, from the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and then to cease, and which Annuity of one Shilling shall be added to and made one Joint Stock with the Annuities, to which the Annuities, after the Rate of eight Shillings and six Pence per Annum, granted by the said first-recited Act, were thereby added, and shall be charged and chargeable on the same Fund, and paid and payable at the same. Times and in like Proportions, and shall be transferable in like Manner, and deemed to be of the same Quality, as the said Annuities after the Rate of eight Shillings and six Pence per Annum, granted by the said recited Act; and all Powers, Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Provisions, and all Penalties and Forfeitures, in the said first-recited Act contained, in lation to the Annuities after the Rate of eight Shillings and six Pence per Annum, shall be extended and plied in the managing, paying, transferring, and accounting for, and in all other Matters relating to the said Annuity after the Rate of one Shilling per Annum, as amply and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, had been severally and respectively repeated in this Act.

re-

ap-

C. 129

237

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, during the joint Lives of His Majesty and of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision out of His Revenues for the Payment of any Debts that may be due from His Royal Highness; for preventing the Accumulation of Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues.

[27th June 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous of enabling your Majesty, as well to make a suitable Provision for the Establishment of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in consequence of his late Marriage, as to carry into Effect his said Royal Highness’s gracious Intentions and Desire, signified to us, for making a due Arrangement for the Liquidation and Discharge of any Debts that may be now due from his said Royal Highness, and for preventing the Accumulation of Debt in future, and for regulating the Payment of his Royal Highness’s Revenues, do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant to his said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, or to such other Person or Persons as his said Majesty shall think fit, to be named in such Letters Patent, and his and their Heirs, to the Use of, or in Trust for, his said Royal Highness, one Annuity of sixty-five thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which Annuity of sixty-five thousand Pounds shall commence and take Effect from the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and continue from thenceforth for and during the joint Lives of his said present Majesty (whom GOD long preserve !)

and of his said Royal Highness; and shall be paid and payable at the four most usual Days of Payment in

tenth Day of October\ in every Year, by even and equal Portions, the first two Quarterly Payments there-

the Year, (that is to say, J the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July, and the

of to be made on the Day after the passing of this Act; and that the said Annuity of sixty-five thousand Pounds shall and may, by such Letters Patent, be directeef to be issuing and payable out of the Consolidated Fund, during the joint Lives of his said present Majesty and of his said Royal Highness (after 'paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums as shall have been directed to be paid out of the same; by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the Time of passing this Act, and with a Preference to all other Payments which shall or may, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, be charged upon, and payable out of the said Fund).

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of sixty-five thousand Pounds shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer; and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall, and he is hereby required, by virtue of such Letters Patent, to make forth and pass Debentures, from Time to Time for paying, according to the Directions of this Act, the said Annuity, as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to bt demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; and the said Debentures, to be made forth and passed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity, according to the Directions of this Act, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of fixfy-five thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates, and AfTdfments, and all other Charges whatsoever, imposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, the Chancellor of his Majesty^ Exchequer for the Time being, the Master of his Majesty's Household for the Time being, the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery for the Time being, and the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands for the Time being, shall be Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, with Relation to the Powers hereby vested in Commissioners; and all Powers and Authorities which the said Commissioners are enabled to exercise by this Act, shall and may be exercised by any Number not le(s than three of the said Commissioners; and any one of the said Persons, before he shall enter upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath before one of the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer (which they are respectively authorized and required to administer) in the Form following; (that is to say,)

to the best of my Judgment, in the Exe-] according to the true Intent and Mean-

1 T yf. B. do swear, That I will aft faithfully and impartially, tc cution of an Act, intituled, [here Jet forth the \Title of the Afi, ing of the said Act.’

And every other of the said Commissioners shall likewise take the same Oath, before the said Commissioner,

(who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same,) after he shall have taken the said Oath as

7 aforesaid,

His Majesty may tyrant an Annuity of 65,000l. to the Prince of Wales, to commence Oct. 10, 1794, out of the Consolidated Fund.

Annuity payable at the Exchequer, and Debentures for paying it 10 be made out, with, out Fee.

Annuity free from Taxes*

Commissioner*

appointed.

Three Commissioners may aft, and one to take an Oath before a Baron of the Exchequer.

Form of Oath.

The other Commissioners to take the Oath.

238

i5,ooool. to be fct apart at the Exchequer, and paid Quarterly to the Commissioners, to discharge the Prince’s Debts.

30,000l. for two Quarters, from Oct. 10, 1794, to her fct apart immediately.

On July 5, 1795; and-so Quarterly,

12.501. to be fct «p_rt at die Exchequer to be paid his Royal Highness.

2,500l. for two Quarier»drorn Oil. jo, 1 794, to be fct apart immediately.

When the Debts are discharged, the Commission to ceaf j and 16,2501. to be set apart Quarterly for the Prince.

Comipiflloners may demand from Penons concerned in the Management of the Prince’s Revenues, a State of his Debts, and examine Creditors on Oath.

Creditors dis-satisfied with the Judgment of the Commissioners may sue them.

C. 129. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

aforesaid, or before any other Commissioner who shall have taken the said Oath, and who is hereby also empowered to administer the same.

V. And whereas his Royal Highness has been graciously pleased to desire, that such Part of the Income

intended to be allotted to nim as to the Wisdom and Prudence of Parliament shall Teem expedient and ad- vil’eable, may be appropriated to the Discharge of his Debts, and be paid to the said Commissioners, to be by them applied to that Purpose*/ be it therefore further enacted, That on die fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and at the End of every Quarter of a Year alter the find filth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until all the Debts now due and owing by his Royal Highness, as principal Debtor, not exceeding the Sum of six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall be satished and discharged, there shall be set apart, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, making the Annual Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, which shall be issued and paid to the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of any three or more of them, appoint to receive the same; and the Acquittance or Receipt of the said Commissioners, signed by any three or more of them, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the same; and that on the Day next after the passing of this Act, for and in respect of the two Quarters of a Year which have elapsed since the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, there shall be set apart at the said Receipt the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, which shall and may be at any Time issued to the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, in like Manner, and for the like Purposes as is before directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and at the End of every Quarter of a Year after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be let apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer, during the joint Lives of his Majesty and his Royal Highness, and until the Determination of the said Commission, as is herein after directed, provided the same shall determine during such joint Lives, the Sum of one thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, which shall be paid to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, or to such Person as shall be authorized by him to receive the same, whole Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof; and that on the Day next after the passing of this Act, for and in respect of the two Quarters of a Year which have elapled since the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, there shall be fct apart at the said Receipt, the Sum of two thousand five hundred Pounds, which shall be in like Manner paid to his Royal Highness, or to such Person as shall be authorized by him to receive the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Debts, now due and owing by his said Royal Highness, shall be paid or discharged, the said Commission, and all the Powers and Authorities given by the same, shall absolutely cease and determine, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and from and after the Determination of the said Commission as aforesaid, the Sum of lixtcen thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds shall be set apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the End of every Quarter, and the lame shall be paid to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, or to such Person as shall be authorized by him to receive the same, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to demand,

from all or any of the Officers of his said Royal Highness, or any other Person or Persons who are, or shall be, or may have been, concerned in the Management of the Revenues of his said Royal Highness, a true and just Statement of all and every the Debts now due and owing from his said Royal Highness to any Person or Persons whatever; and the said Officers, or other Persons as aforesaid, and each of them, are and is hereby required, within such Time as shall be limited for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, to give in such Statement in Writing, as far as shall have come to their or his Knowledge respectively; and which shall contain the Sums due, and to whom owing, and on what Account, and whether any and what Securities have been given for the same; and if the said Commissioners, upon such Statement being made, shall fee Cause for further Explanation or Investigation of any Claim or Claims in particular, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to summon before them all or any of the said Officers of his said Royal Highness, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, with the Books, Papers, and Accounts, belonging to their respective Offices, touching such Claim or Claims, and also all Persons who have or claim to have Debts outstanding against his said Royal Highness, and shall desire to have any Benefit from any of the Funds established by this Act, and to examine such Person or Persons, or any of them, upon Oath or Affirmation, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized to administer,) touching all such Matters and Things relating to the said Debts, (oto be invefli-gated as aforesaid, and the Consideration thereof, as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act; and all such Officers and Persons are hereby required punctually to attend the said Commissioners, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, and answer all such lawful Questions as shall be put to them concerning the Premises.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Creditor or Creditors of his said Royal Highness, who shall come in apd claim before the said Commissioners, within the Time herein after limited, shall, after the Commissioners have heard and notified to him or them their Determination upon such Claim, be dissatisfied with the Judgment of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for such Creditor or Creditors to sue any one or more of the said Commissioners in his or their own Name or Names, as a Commissioner or Commissioners appointed by virtue of this Act, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in an Action of Debt, or on the Case, for the Recovery of such Debt or Debts, and to serve such Commissioner or Commissioners with a Copy of the Process of such Court, and to declare against him or them, as such

lo Coouniifioner

0

795

tricesimo quinto

Commissioner or Commissioners, upon the original Cause of Action, in which Action or Suit Cods Hiall be awarded to either Party, as in other Cases of Trials at Law, provided that the Copy of such Process shall be served within ten Days from the Notification of their Determination; and no Writ of Error shall be brought, had, or maintained upon the Judgment in such Action; any Law, Lfage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name or Names of any one or more of them, to institute any Suit in his Majesty's Court of Chancery or Exchequer against any Creditor or Creditors of his said Royal Highness, whose Debt shall have accrued before the passing of this Act, touching any Matters or Things relating to such Debts.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 'I hat no Action or Suit brought by virtue of this Act shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Resignation of the Commissioner or Commissioners in whose Name or Names, or by or against whom, the same shall be commenced, or by the Act of such Commissioner or Commissioners, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, or three or more of them; nor shall any Commissioner or Commissioners be liable to pay any Debt, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, by Reason of such Action or Suit, out of his or their own Estate, nor to any Process of Execution, but shall be re-imbursed all Charges and Expences out of the Funds created by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be authorized and empowered to treat, transact, or agree, with all or any of the Persons on whose Behalf any Debt shall be demanded as due from his Royal Highness, and to settle and establish such Course and Order of Payment as to them shall seem fit; and whenever any Debt due from his said Royal Highness as principal Debtor to any Person or Persons, or when the Amount of the same shall have been proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, or established in a legal Course of Proceeding, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to cause to be made out, under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of them, one or more Security or Securities for the Payment of the said Debt, by way of Debenture or Debentures, with a Defeazance thereon for making void the same on Payment, according to such Course and Order, and at such Time or Times, and under such Conditions as shall be settled and established by the said Commissioners for Payment of the said Debts, together with Interest for the same, not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds Centum per Annum, until Payment; and all such Securities, and Sums of Money due or to grow due for Interest thereon, shall be severally charged upon and payable out of the respective Funds established by this Act for Payment of the same, in due Course and Order, at the appointed Times, and in the Manner settled and established by tjje said Commissioners; and all such Securities shall be assignable and transferrable, from Time to Time, to any Person or Persons, by Indorsement in Writing under the Hands of tile respective Creditors, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

XIII. And whereas his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales is anxious still further to encrease the Fund to be appropriated to the Discharge of his Debts; and is desirous that the Sum of thirteen thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Rents, Illues, and Profits, of the Duchy of Cornwall, should be applied for that Purpose, during such Term as his Majesty or his Royal Highness may continue to be interested in the Revenues of the said Duchy, or until the Debts now due and owing by his said Royal Highness shall be

id and discharged, (provided the same shall be discharged within the Term aforesaid,) and that the same paid to the Commissioners herein-before mentioned, in Addition to the Sum of sixty thousand Pounds to be by them applied to the like Purposes as is herein enacted, of and concerning the said Sum of sixty thousand Pounds be it therefore enacted, That the Receiver General, or other proper Officer of his Royal Highness the Prince of If^ales, as Duke of Cornwall, to whom the Receipt of the Revenues of the

ig and discharging the Salaries of the Officers of the said Duchy, Management and

nagement and Collection of the same, which shall not exceed the Sum to which the said Salaries, Charges, and Expences, have amounted to on an Average of the last five Years, shall, during such Term as his Majesty or his Royal Highness may continue to be interested in the Revenues of the said Duchy, or until the Debts of his said Royal Highness shall be discharged, provided the same shall be discharged within such Term, from Time to Time pay, by Half-yeatly Payments, the first Half-yearly Payment thereof to be made on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons to be appointed by them as aforesaid to receive the same, (whose Acquittances and Receipts respectively shall be a Discharge as aforesaidj the Yearly Sum of thirteen thousand Pounds out of the said Rents, Issues, and Profits, of the said Duchy, provided they amount to such Sum; and in the Event of the Revenues of the said Duchy of Cornwall not amounting to the said Sum, in any one Year, then the said Receiver General, or other Officer having the Receipt of the said Revenues, shall pay over to the said Commissioners such Sum as the said Revenues shall amount to, after the aforesaid Dcdudlions, and the Deficiencies shall be made up with Interest thereon at the Rate of five Pounds^rr Centum per Annum, from any Surplus which may arise in any subsequent Year, to be by them applied, in the Order and Course to be appointed as hereinmentioned, towards the Discharge and Satisfaction of the Debts now due and owing by his said Royal Highness to his several Creditors, who shall respectively claim and demand, and who shall agree to accept, the Securities to be granted by virtue of this Act, in Discharge and Satisfaction of the said Debts, on the Terms and in the Manner in this Act specified.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Whole of the principal Sums contained in the Securities to be given by the said Commissioners shall be charged upon and paid out of the Monies from Time to Time vAaced in the Hands of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act; and mat the Interest to grow due thereon, as the same shall arise, shall be borne and discharged by and out of the said Annuity of sixty thou-uad Vounds, to be granted by virtue of this Act, and out of the said Sum of thirteen thousand Pounds, so to

-Jr he

may institute Suits against Creditors.

No Action to be discontinued by Death of a Commissioner, tec.

Commissioner* may settle the Course of Payment of Debts, and make out Debentures lot. the same.

Securities pny--able out of the Funds hereby established, and may be assigned;

i3,ooool. annually out of the Revenues of thfc Duchy of Cornwall to be paid to the Commissioners, Arc. Half-yearly,

or the Ba alice of Revenues, if less.

Principal to be paid out of the Monies placed in the Hands of the Commiinon-ers, and Interest cut of the

240

60.000 1. and 13,000l.

Interest to be paid Half-yearly, and Surplus of the Fund to be applied in Discharge of the Principal.

On the Demise of the Crown in the Prince’s Life, the

60.000 1. to be charged on the Hereditary Revenue of the Crown.

If the Prince should die before the Debts are paid, the

6o,oco 1. to be set apart from the Consolidated Fund till they are discharged.

No Claims to be received after Sept. 1, 1795, nor Security granted, unless Claims be made before that Day, and the Creditor submits to be examined. Commissioners may enlarge Time for delivering in Claims.

If Security be - accepted, the Debt to merge therein.

Creditors to declare on Oath the Nature of former Securities, and deliver them up, unless it appears they cannot be; in which Case they shall be held in Trust for the Prince.

The Payment of Debts, where Securities are not given up, may be postponed.

Treasury may - order 500 L to be issued annually, for defraying the Expences of exe-

C. 1 29.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

be paid as aforesaid: and the said Monies severally arifingas aforesaid shall be and are hereby declared and established to be Funds for those respective Purposes.

XV. And be it further enacted, That at the End of every Half Year the said Commissioners shall pay and satisfy all the Interest then due on the said Securities to be granted by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and the Remainder of the said Annual Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, and of the said Sum of thirteen thousand Pounds, or such Sum as shall be paid to the said Corn mi (boners by the Receiver General to whom the Receipt of the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall shall belong, out of the Revenues of the said Duchy, shall go and be by them applied towards satisfying and discharging the principal Debt due on the said Securities, and remaining unsatisfied, in such Manner and at such Timesas they shall diredh

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in the Event of the Demise of the Crown during the Lifetime of his Royal Highness, the said Sum of sixty thousand Pounds shall from thenceforth, during the Life of his Royal Highness, or until the said Debts, or such Part of them as shall remain due, shall be discharged, be charged upon, and the same are hereby accordingly charged upon, the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown during the Life of his said Royal Highness, and shall not from thenceforth be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, but shall be issued and paid out of the said Hereditary Revenues, in like Manner, and for the like Purposes, and at such Times, and in such Proportions, as the same are herein-before directed to be issuing and paid out of the Consolidated F und.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Decease of his said Royal Highness before the Payment and Discharge of all the Debts of his said Royal Highness, which the said Commissioners are authorized to adjust and settle by virtue of this Act, and of all Interest that may grow due on any Securities to be granted by the said Commissioners, the said Annual Sum of sixty thousand Pounds shall continue to be set apart out of the said Consolidated Fund, and shall be issued to the said Commissioners Quarterly, in even Portions, and by them applied to the Diminution of the said Principal Debts, and In-tcreft thereupon, until all such Debts and Interest be finally satisfied and discharged.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Claim or Demand of any Creditor or Creditors of his said Royal Highness shall be received by the said Commissioners after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; nor shall any Security, by way of Debenture as aforesaid, be granted by the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, to any Creditor or Creditors of his said Royal Highness, on Account of any Debt; nor shall any Creditor be entitled to any Part or Share of the F unds hereby established for Payment of the said Debts of his said Royal Highness, or either of them, unless a Claim shall be made by such Creditor or Creditors, and an Account in Writing of such Debt be delivered to the said Commissioners, on or before the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and unless such Creditor or Creditors shall submit to be examined touching the said Debt or Debts as is herein-before di-rc£led, if the Commissioners shall fee Cause to require him or them so to be; Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall have Power to enlarge the Time for delivering in such Claims and Accounts, if they fee reasonable Cause for so doing.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Security shall be granted by the said Commissioners, on Account of any Debt or Debts due from his said Royal Highness, as principal Debtor to any Creditor or Creditors, and shall be accepted by such Creditor or Creditors, the said Debt or Debts shall be and is hereby dedared to be utterly from thenceforth merged therein, and shall not, on any Pretence whatever, be set up against his said Royal Highness, or against any Person or Persons who shall or may be joined with him as Security for the same; but that his said Royal Highness, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and every Person or Persons who shall or may be Security for the same, and his and their Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels, shall from thenceforth be wholly exonerated and discharged therefrom, and from all Securities whatever which shall have been given or entered into on Account of his said Royal Highness.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any Creditor or Creditors shall be entitled to any Security by way of Debenture, to be granted by the said Commissioners by virtue of this in Satisfaction of any Debt or Debts, the said Creditor or Creditors shall be required to declare, on his or her Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, before the said Commissioners, the Nature and Kind of the former Securities (if any) which he, she, or they, or any others in Trust for him, her, or them, hold for the said Debt or Debts; and every Security, of what Nature or Kind soever the same shall be, shall and is hereby required to be first delivered up to the said Commissioners, to be cancelled, unless it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that the same cannot be delivered up by such Creditor or Creditors; and if any such Creditor or Creditors shall obtain from the said Commissioners any Security by virtue of this Act, on Account of any Debt or Debts, without delivering up all former Securities for the same, or any Part thereof, every such former Security shall, for the Purpose of securing such Debt or Debts to such Creditor or Creditors, be of no Avail, but shall, to the Extent of the Interest of such Creditor or Creditors, be held in Trust for his Royal Highness, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to dire£I the Payment of the Debt or Debts of any Creditor or Creditors who shall not deliver up such former Security or Securities, to be postponed until all other Debts of his said Royal Highness which shall be fully disclosed (and the Securities for which shall have been delivered to the said Commissioners) shall be paid oft'and satisfied, or in such other Manner as the said Commissioners shall deem reasonable and necessary.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, aretiereby directed and authorized to issue and cause to be issued all such bum or Sums of Money, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall authorize to receive the same, by any Writing under the Hands of any three or more of them, not exceeding five hundred Pounds in any one Year, out of any Part of the Public Money remaining in the Receipt of the

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129.

24.1

Exchequer, which laid Sum shall be deemed and taken to be a part of the said Annuity of sixty thousand Pounds, and shall be deducted from the Amount of the same; which Sums so to be issued and advanced shall be employed in defraying all the necessary Charges and Expellees in or about the Execution of this Act; and which Money so to be issued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Assessment, whatsoever imposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners respectively, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being such Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubie£l and liable to.

curing this Act, out of the 6o,ooool.

Persons giving

false Evidence before the Commissioners, liable to the Penalties for Perjury.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners hereby appointed shall from Time to Time, at their Discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required during their carrying on any Proceedings by virtue of this Act, and as soon as possible after the Determination of such Proceedings, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings, in Writing, to the Lords Commissioners of Majesty's Ti

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being.

Persons, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until ten Days Notice thereof, in Writing, shall have been given to the said Commissioners j nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, of a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved; nor after six Calendar Months next after the East committed; and every such Action shall be brought in the Court of Exchequer, and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if fu.ch Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without ten Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants j or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or fuifer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a \ erdidl shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases of Law.

XXV. And whereas it is his Royal Highness’s Desire that there should be established a regular Course of Payment of all just Demands which may be hereafter made upon his said Royal Highness, for any Debt hereafter to become due, and that the Accumulation of Debt for the future may be prevented j* be it further enacted, That the principal Officer or Officers of his Royal Highness shall, within fourteen Days after the passing of this Act, prepare and make out, for the Approbation of his Royal Highness, a Plan of the Establishment of his said Royal Highness, in difliudl Departments and Classes, and in such Order as he or they shall think fit and expedient, together with a Plan of the Salaries and Payments of each Class, and of each individual Office therein; and shall also prepare and make out an Estimate of the annual Ex-nces of each distinct Department in his Royal Highness’s said Establishment; one Copy of which Plan and imate, after being approved of by his Royal Highness, shall be lodged with the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and another in the Office of the Treasurer, or such principal Officer or Officers for the Time being, as shall be appointed by his Royal Highness? and another with the Clerks of the two Houses of Parliament rclboftively: And that from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, all Disbursements which shall be made out of the Revenues of his said Royal Highness, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be made by the Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers of his said Royal Highness, in the Order specified in such Plan and Estimate, and r.o other -t for which Disbursements, to be made in the Order so specified, the Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers for the Time being of

Provided ablishment, or

Estimate of Expences, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the principal Officer or Officers, or other Persons concerned in the Management of his Royal Highness’s Household, being directed so to do by his Royal Highness, to state such Alteration as may be thought necessary to be made therein; and if the Came shall be approved of by his Royal Highness, such Alteration so made in the Plan of Establishment, or Estimate of Expences, of his said Royal Highness, shall be lodged as is herein-before mentioned.

Fftr

his Royal Highness shall be responsible, and liable to answer the Damages to the Party grieved: nevertheless, that if it shall at any Time be necessary or expedient to alter the said Plan of Establish

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Debts now due and owing by his Royal Highness shall be paid and discharged, (provided the same shall be discharged during the joint Lives of his Majesty and his Royal Highness,) and the said Commission shall cease and determine, and the whole Sum of sixty-

ftve thousand Pounds become payable to his Royal Highness, or such Person as he shall appoint, as is hereinbefore enacted, then and in such Case the principal Officer or Officers concerned in the Management of his Royal Highness’s Household, shall, within two Months after the Determination of the said Commission, form a new Rian of the Establishment of his Royal Highness, in distintft Departments and Classes, with the Salaries and Payments in each Class, and each individual Office therein, and an Estimate of the annual Expences of each Department therein, and the same, after being approved by his Royal Highness, shall be laid b'-fote the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and before both Houses of Parliament, within

tea Days after the first Day of the next Session of Parliament after the Determination of the said Commission.

farther enacted, That the Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers of his Royal % ^is for the Time being, shall cause a Book or Books to be kept, 111 which all Payments for any of the Commissioners 10 give an Account of their Proceedings to the Treasury.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue*

Treble Costs*

Principal Officer of the Prince to make out a Plan of the Establishment ,of hi* Royal Highness, Scc.

Disbursements from the Prince's Revenues to be made by the Treasurer, for which he shall be responsible.

Plan may be altered.

When the Commission shall cease, a new Plan of the Establishment of the Prince to be made out, Ac c.

15 Geo. Hi.

ii

Treasurer of the Prince to cause Payments to be

2 + 2

Entered in a Fool., which his Majesty's Treasury may inspect.

Treasurer to cause an Account to Ic made out Quarteily of Expenses of the Prince, which he shall examine and sign.

and by Warrant from the Prince, may pay the Sums Specified therein.

How Arrears at

the End of Quarters shall be discharged.

Surplus at the End of any Quarter to be paid the Prince.

Demands accrued after July 5, 1795, to be delivered in quartet ly*

TCo Demand to be included in Account, but what has accrued within the Quarter preceding the Audit, &c.

Demands not

delivered in Time limited, lo be barred, and Securities for such Debts

C. 1 29.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Purposes aforesaid shall be duly entered, in the Order and Course of Payment, with the Day, Month, and Year of paying the same; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, from Time to Time* to demand an Inspection of such Book or Books, or any Copy or Copies of the same, or any Part thereof; and the said Treasurer, or principal Officer or Officers, is hereby required to pay Obedience to the Orders of the said Commissioners for that Purpose.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer, or principal Officer or Officers, for the Time being, of his Royal Highness, shall, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of every Quarter of a Year, cause to be prepared and made out a just and exact Account of all the Expences incurred by his Royal Highness within the preceding Quarter of a Year and every such Account shall contain and ftt forth the several Sums paid, and the severalDemands made, and then outstanding, on account of the Expences of each Department, within the said Quarter; and the said Treasurer, or principal Officer or Officers, shall, and he is hereby required to examine and audit the said Accounts, with the Vouchers relative to the same, and to sign his or their Approbation of the same, or of such Part or Parts thereof as he or they shall approve; provided that the Amount thereof shall not be disproportionate to or exceed the Plan and Kftimate as hereinbefore is directed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Settlement of such Quarterly Account as aforesaid, it ftnll be lawful for the said Treasurer, or principal Officer or Officers, being thereunto authorized by Warrant or Warrants under the Privy Seal of his Royal Highness, to pay, in the Order and Course settled as aforesaid, the Sums of Money specified in such Accounts, as the Quarterly Expence incurred as aforesaid, to the respective Persons to whom his Royal Highness shall be debited in such Account; and the said Treasurer, or principal Officer or Officers, shall pay the same accordingly.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Deficiency shall arise in the Revenues of his Royal High-

ness, at the End of any Quarter of a Year, so as to create an Arrear in the Payment of any Claims made against his Royal Highness, and allowed as aforesaid, such Arrears shall be carried to the Account of the next Quarter, and (except in the Case where any Arrears of a preceding Quarter shall likewise be carried to the same Account) shall be placed therein first in Order of Payment,‘and shall be paid first: in Order out of the first Monies payable on Account of the next succeeding Quarter: Provided always, that no Arrear of any of the Salaries or Allowances made or to be made by his Royal Highness to any Officer or Officers, whose Duty it may be to carry this Act into Execution, or who may be concerned in the Execution of the same, shall be carried on beyond the Term of one Quarter after the Quarter in which the same shall have become due; gnd that no Arrears of any Sort shall, on any Account, or under any Pretence, becarried on for more than two Quarters of a Year after the Quarter when the same shall accrue due: And that if it shall happen that any Arrears shall have been carried on for two Quarters of a Year, the same shall be discharged and paid out of the Sum due and payable in the Quarter to which such Arrear shall be carried, in preference to the Arrear of the preceding Quarter, and in preference to all Demands that shall accrue in the Quarter to which such Arrear shall be so carried; and it shall not be lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Royal Highness to audit, allow, or settle any Account for the Quarter to which such Arrears of two Quartersfhail be carried, or to illiie any Sum or Sums of Money for the Payment or Satisfaction of the Claims of the Quarter to which such Arrears shall be carried, until the said Arrears shall be fully paid and satisfied: Provided also, that in case, at the End of any Quarter, there shall be carried to the Account of the same the Arrears of two Quarters preceding, the Arrears of the Quarter immediately preceding shall be placed second in the Order of Payment, and shall be paid second in Order, next and immediately after the Payment of the Arrears of the Quarter next but one preceding. - 1

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if at the End of any Quarter of a Year any Surplus shall remain of the said Revenue of his said Royal Highness, after paying and satisfying all Debts and Demands accrued during such Quarter, and all Arrears of former Quarters in each Department, such Surplus shall and may be paid over to his Royal Highness’s Privy Purse.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Creditor of his Royal Highness, whole Demand shall accrue after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, ftnll deliver into she Office of the Treasurer, or principal Officer or Officers of his Royal Highness for the Time being, a Particular, in Writing, containing the Nature and Amount of such Demand, and signed by him or her, within ten Days after the Expiration of the Quarter of a Year in which such Demand shall accrue, in order that the same may be included in the preceding Quarterly Account, to be audited as aforesaid; and it shall not be lawful for the Treasurer, or principal Officer or Officers of his Royal Highness, to include in any such Account to be audited as aforesaid, or to allow, any Debtor Demand, of what Nature or Kind soever, which shall not have wholly accrued within the Quarter of a Year preceding such Audit, other than the Arrears of such preceding Quarters as aforesaid, or which shall not be presented to the proper Officer of his Royal Highness, within the Time herein-before limited, and according to the Diregions of this Act; nor shall the Treasurer, or principal Officer or Officers of his Royal Highness, under any Pretence or Colour of Authority whatever, issue or cause to be issued any Sum of Money for the Purpose of paying, satisfying, or discharging any Debt or Demand, or any Part thereof, which shall not have accrued and be claimed as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons who shall have, or claim to have, any Debt or Demand against his Royal Highness, on any Account whatever, shall not, after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hun-dredand ninety-five, deliver a Particular, in Writing, of the said Debtor Demand to the proper Officer of h«s Royal Highness, within ten Days after the Expiration of the Quarter of a Year in which such Debt or Demand accrued, every such Debtor Demand shall be barred both at Law and in Equity; and all Bonds, Bills, Notes, or other Securities for Money, given or made in Consideration of any Debt or Demand, whereof the Particulars, in Writing, shall not be delivered according to the Directions of this shall be

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129, 130.

null and void, to all Intents and Purposes; and that if any Officer of or Person employed by his Royal Highnefe, to whom the Particulars of such Debts or Demands shall be delivered, according to the Directions of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to insert the same in his Account of the Quarterly Expences incurred, in the Manner before directed, every such Officer shall be liable to pay the Amount thereof in Damages to the Party grieved.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit, either at Law or in Equity, shall be brought, commenced, orprofccuted by any Creditor a gain ft his Royal Highness, in his own Name as a PartyyTor the Recovery of any Debt or Demand due from his said Royal Highness, which shall accrue after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, nor upon any Bond, Bill, or Note, nor upon any Security to be given after the passing of this Act, for the securing any Debt or Demand due from his said Royal Highness; but that all Proceedings in any such Action or Suit shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any

Action or Suit against his Royal Highness the Prince of lValesy by any Person having any Title by Way of Mortgage not made by his Royal Highness, or for Rentreferved upon any Lease or Grant of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not made to or in Trust for his Royal Highness, or any Action or Suit against his Royal Highness as Duke of Cornwall, in respect of his Duchy of Cornwall.

XXXV. And, in order that due Provision may be made for the Recovery of the just Debts of his said Royal Highness, be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Demand shall be made, or a Debt shall be claimed, which Demand or Debt shall have wholly accrued after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, within the Quarter preceding such Claim or Demand, and the Particulars thereof shall be deiivcredto the proper Officer of his said Royal Highness, to be appointed for that Purpose, within the Time herein-before limited, and the same shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for the Creditor or Creditors, at any Time within three Calendar Months after Delivery of such Particulars, but not afterwards, to fueand prosecute for the Recovery of such Debt or Demand; in which Action or Suit the Treasurer, or other principal Officer or Officers of his said Royal Highness for the Time being, to whom the Particulars of the Demand shall have been delivered, shall be made Defendant, and the like Proceedings shall be had in such Action or Suit as if the Treasurer, or other principal Officer or Officers for the Time being, were the real Party therein; favc and accept, that notwithstanding the Plaintiff may obtain Judgment, no Execution Cull issue against the Person of the Treasurer, or other principal Officer or Officers for the Time being, nor against his or their proper Effects, but the Judgment shall be a Charge upon the Funds of his Royal Highness, which shall be in or come into the Hands of the Treasurer, or other principal Officer or Officers of his said Royal Highness for the Time being, within two Quarters after the Quarter in which the Debt or Debts for which such Action shall have been brought and Judgment obtained shall have accrued; and such Funds, whenever the same shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, or other principal Officer or Officers, shall be liable to the Payment of the Debt or Damages, and Costs, recovered in such Action or Suit, in Preference to all Debts and Demands, except such as shall have arilen in consequence of any prior Judgment which shall have been obtained, as is herein-before directed, and a Note or Docquet of every Judgment so obtained as aforesaid shall be entered by the Creditor obtaining the said Judgment in the Office of the Treasurer, or other principal Officer or Officers of his Royal Highness, within ten Days after signing the same, in order to entitle him to the Benefit of this A eh

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of the Establishment of his said Royal Highness, or other Person entrusted with the Management of his Revenues, shall neglect or refuse to prepare, make up, or transmit any Account or Accounts, or to audit and investigate the lame, or to pay and apply the Monies in his Hands for that Purpose in the Order and Course to be icttled and established by virtue of this Act, or shall divertor misapply the same, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Directions of this Act, or shall wilfully omit to insert in his Quarterly Account the Claim or Claims of any Creditor or Creditors delivered within the 1'imc allowed by this Act, or shall wilfully prepare, make up, or transmit any false Account, every such Officer or other Person, so offending against this Act, in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall be liable to pay Damages to the Party grieved; and that all Damages incurred by any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit, in which no tffoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CAP. CXXX.

An Act for the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain Jointure for her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, for the Term of her Life.

[27lh June 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being truly sensible how acceptable it will be to your Majesty, that a good>,certain, and competent Revenue be settled for supporting the Honour and Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, 4 in case (he shall survive her royal Consort the most excellent Prince George Augu/ius, your Majesty's mod clearly beloved Son \ and considering the Happiness which (by the Blessing of Almighty God) the Subjects of these Kingdoms cannot fail to enjoy by a Succession of Princes derived from her j and well know-u g tUt by an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, (of blessed Memory,)

243

Officer neglecting to.'nfcrt Demands in Quarterly Accounts, liable to Payment of them.

No Adhon to be brought against the Prince for any Debt which shall accrue after July 5,

1795.

Act not to prevent certain Suits against the Prince.

Creditors who have delivered in their-Demand in the Time limited, may fut for the same within three

Months aiter Delivery.

Treasurer to be made Defendant.

Judgment to be a Charge upon the Prince’s Funds, &c.

Officer neglecting to prepare

Accounts, or toapply Monies as settled by this Act, or misapplying Monies, &c. liable to Damages, which may he sued for in any Court at Westminsterr;

4

2 44

x Ann*, Cap. x.

His Majesty may grant to the Princess of Wales an Annuity of 50,000l. from the Decease of the Prince, payable quarterly, chargeable on the Revenue for the Support of his Majesty's Household.

t Geo. III. Cap. 1.

On the Demise of his Majesty, the Annuity to be chargeable upon the Hereditary Revenues enumerated in last mentioned

a a.

Acquittance of the Princess,

&c. to be a Discharge for the Annuity, which shall be free from Taxes.

The Princess may sue the Commissioners, &c. of the Revenues for the Annuity.

His Majesty's Letters Patent for the Annuity to be good, notwithstanding

C. 130. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

f, »

c rnory,) for preserving the Inheritance of several Revenues of the Crown, intituled, An Act for the belter Support of her Alajejlys Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown y all Grants thereof (other than such as are therein express) are declared to be void;’ do most: humbly, cheerfully, and unani-mously beseech your Majesty that‘it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Terrq>oral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto her said Royal Highness the Princess of JValesy or to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Use of or in Trust for the said Princess, one Annuity or Yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain^ which Annuity or Yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall commence and take Effect immediately from and after the Decease of his Majesty's said dearly beloved Son, and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the said Princess, and shall be paid and payable on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of Odobery in every Year, by even and equal Portions; the first: Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Days as shall first and next happen after the Decease of his Majesty's said dearly beloved Son, in case the said Princess shall survive him as aforesaid,; and that the said Yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds shall be ifiTuing and payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, such Revenues, Rents, and Duties as are herein after specified; (that is to say,) that so long as the Revenues of the General Letter Office or Post Office, or Office of Postmaster General, the hereditary Duties of Excise, and other hereditary or temporary Revenues, enumerated and expressed in an Adf, made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the ‘Support of his Majesty's Household^ and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, shall, by virtue of the said Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating thereto, be carried to or made Part of the Consolidated Fund, the said Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be charged and chargeable upon the Revenue, or Yearly Relit or Rents, which shall beilfuing and payable by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, out of the said Consolidated Fund, for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, to his present Majesty, during his Life (which God long preserve); and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the Time being, Hull and may, and they are hereby required to cause the said Annuity to be issued from Time to Time, during his present Majesty's Life, daily, weekly, or otherwise, for the Uses and Purposes by this Act appointed, out of the Revenue or Yearly Relit or Rents issuing and payable to his Majesty during his Life, out of the Consolidated Fund as aforesaid, so as by the said Daily, Weekly, or other Payments, One fourth Part of such Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds be not exceeded in, for, or in respect of each Quarter; and so that, upon every of the said Quarterly Days, the Whole then due thereupon be completed, made up, or satisfied, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Demise of his present Majesty, the said Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall then and from thenceforth, during the Life of the said Princess, in case the said Princess shall survive his said Royal Highness the Prince, be charged and chargeable upon the said hereditary Duties and Revenues enumerated and expressed in the said Act of the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign,#and that the same shall be paid and payable by and from the immediate Hands of all and every the Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers, and Collectors, for the Time being, of the said Revenues respectively, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the lame, or any Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance and Acquittances of the said Princess or her Trustees, or of her Royal Highness's Receiver General for the Time being, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Annuity or Yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, and every Parc thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other public Charges whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers, and Collectors, for the Time being, of the said Duties and Revenues, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said respective Yearly Sums, or any Part thereof, to the said Princess, her Receiver General or Trustees, after such Time as the said Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds shall become or be chargeable out of the said Duties and Revenues, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that then the said Princess, or such Trustees as aforesaid, may sue, prosecute, or implead the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers, and Collectors, or any of them, and all or any of their Securities, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint, or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgments, and sue out Executions thereupon, against the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers; and Collectors respectively, and their respective Securities, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for such Sum and Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuities, amounting to fifty thousand Pounds per Annum, or any Part thereof, as shall be in the Hands of the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers, and Collectors respectively of the said respective Duties or Revenues, at the Time when Demand shall be made of the Payment of the said Yearly Sum, or any Part thereof.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ail and every the Powers, Precepts, Directions, and Clauses, to be contained in his Majesty's Letters Patent to be made as aforesaid, for the better and more certain Payment and Assurance of the said Yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds per Annum, shall be, and are hereby enacted to be good and effectual in the Law, according to the Tenor and Purport

8 - - of

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 130, 131.

of the said Letters Patent, to be expressed, notwithstanding any Restriction, or other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act of Parliament, made in the first Year of her late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, and any Mif-recital, Non-recital, Omission, or other Defect, in the said Letters Patent, in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds shall be paid to her Royal Highness, or to her Use, or for her Benefit, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken by the Officers of the Exchequer, or any others, for Payment thereof.

VII. And, in order to prevent any Doubts which might arise respecting the Right of her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, in the Event of her surviving his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, to Dower, or to any Part of the Personal Estate of his Royal Highness, over and above the Jointure hereby provided for her Royal Highness; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,.That the Acceptance by her Royal Highness of the Jointure herein provided shall he, and be deemed to be, a Bar to any Right or Claim to Dower, or to any Part of the Personal Estate of his Royal Highness, in the Event of her surviving his Royal

Highnest.:

VIII. Saving to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and other than to such Person or Persons who do or may (land seised or possessed in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,) all such Right, Title, interest, and Demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have or may have, of, in, to, or out of the Revenues, Rents, or Duties aforesaid, or any Part thereof respectively, before the making of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made; this Act, or any Thing therein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXXI.

An Act for repairing the Common Sewer in New Bridge Street, Black Friars, in the City of London, or making a new Sewer instead of the defective Part or Parts thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the same.

245

any Restriction in the last mentioned Act.

Annuity to be paid without

Fee.

Annuity to be in Bar of Dower.

Reservation of Rights.

A

I

»iT/#y A

THE

P *T

f-.nsv

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo sexto.

\ JL T the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-fifth Day of November, Anno 4 JJh Domini one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of 4 -a JL our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, "

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-ninth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; being the sixth Session of the seventeenth Parliament oi Great Britain/

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry* for the Service of the Year one thouknd seven hundred and ninety-six.

[23d November 1795.]

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

[4.1. in the£.J [13d November 1795.]

CAP. III.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn, and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time* in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty.

[23d November 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, to prohibit generally the Exportation of any Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, and of other Articles made thereof, and of Potatoes, from any Part of this Kingdom, and to permit generally the Importation of the same into any Part of this Kingdom, in British Ships, or in Ships belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, ind navigated in any Manner whatever, and to permit the Ume to be taken out of Warehouse without Payment of any Duty whatever :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to export, from any Part of this Kingdom, any British or Foreign Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, or any Meal or Flour, or Bread, Biscuit, or Malt, made thereof, or any Potatoes, or any Indian Corn or Maize, or Meal, or Flour made thereof; and that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to import, into any Part of this Kingdom, any Foreign Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; and also to take out of Warehouse, for Home Consumption, any such Foreign Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Person shall exoort, or shall load or lay on board any Ship or other Vessel with Intent to export, any Corn or other Ar-ticta as aforesaid, the Person so exporting, or loading or laying on board with Intent to export the same, shall be liable and subjcS to the like Forfeitures and Penalties: and the said Corn or other Articles, and the

No Wheat, ict. to be exported for a limittd Time.

Foreign Com, &c. may be imported, Duty free;

and taken out of Warehouses for Home Consumption.

Persons exporting Corn, fcc. liable to Penalties of

248

Geo. III. Cap. 30, and

33 Geo. III. Cap. 65.

Act not to extend to Foreign Corn, Arc.ware-housed, and not takrn out for Home Consumption.

His Majesty in Council may permit the carrying Coastwise, &c. Com, &c. for the Purposes mentioned in the above Acts.

Certain Articles may be imported, Duty free, from any Place, in British Vessels, or Vestrls belonging to Places in Amity with his Majesty.

Entry to be made rf such Articles with the Officer of the Customs, on Penalty of forfeiture.

Recovery and

m

Application of Forfeitures.

3> 4. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be exported, or loaded or hid on board, shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures, and in like Manner to be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, as if the said Corn or other Articles were exported, or loaded or laid on board, contrary to the Provisions of two A6!s, one passed in the thirty—first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of we Bounty on British Corn exported \ and the other passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,4 An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn» and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of tf?e Bounty on British Corn exported ? Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour that shall have been, or may hereafter be, imported and warehoused in the Manner and on the Conditions mentioned in the before-mentioned Act of the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and shall not have been taken out of such Warehouse for Home Consumption.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to permit the carrying Coast wile, or carrying out, or the Exportation of, the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, for all or any of the Purposes mentioned in the said two A£!s, passed in the thirty-first and thirty-third Years of his present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, in like Manner, and in the same Proportions and Quantities, and from and to the same Ports and Places as is allowed by the said two A£fs, or either of them, at such Times as any of the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, are prohibited to be exported, subject! to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, Forfeitures and Penalties, as are by the said two Acts, or by either of them, in any such Case required and imposed.

III. And whereas it is likewise expedient, under the present Circumstances, to permit, for a limited Time, the Importation of certain other Provisions into Great Britain, in British) Ships, or in Ships belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, without Payment of any Duty whatever :y Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatever to import into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, any Beans, called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal, and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise, Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour-crout, without the Payment of any Duty whatever, at all Times before the said Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the said next Session of Parliament; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall be

made of all such Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse; and of such Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef and Pork, Veal, Mutton, and Lamb, Bacon, Hams, Tongues Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour-crout, that shall be imported by virtue of this Act, with the proper Officers of the Customs, at the Port into which the same shall be imported; and in Default thereof, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and

incurred by this Act (and not herein otherwise specially direct!cd to be prosecuted and recovered) shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods, Ships, or Vessels, forfeited for any Offence against the Laws of Customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of;* and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Adf shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawfel Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty, or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue an Adf for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax. Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time.

[23d November 1795.]

Geo. III. Cap. 100. recited; and continued till thirty Days after the Commencement of next Session-.*

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

249

C. 5.

CAP. V.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Candles, Tallow, and Soap, for a limited Time,

[1st December 1795.]

WHEREAS the Exportation of Candles, Tallow, and Soap may at this Time be greatly prejudicial to his Majesty's Subjects ;* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall directly or indirectly export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the Kingdom of Great Britain, or load, ship, or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden, shipped, or laid on board, in any Ship, or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of Great Britain, any Candles, Tallow, or Soap, of any Kind or Quality whatsoever, under the Penalties or Forfeitures hereafter mentioned; (that is to fayj that all such Candles, ('allow, or Soap, so exported, or laden, shipped, or laid on board, in order to be exported or carried out of Great Britain, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forfeited; and that every Offender or Offenders therein shall severally forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain,'for every such Offence, where the Quantity forfeited shall not exceed one hundred Weight of such Candles, Tallow, and Soap; and where the Quantity forfeited shall exceed one hundred Weight of such Candles, Tallow, and Soap, the Sum of fifty Pounds for every one hundred Weight of such Candles, 'Fallow, and Soap, and so in Proportion for any greater Quantity which shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of Great Britain, or laden, shipped, or laid on board, as aforesaid, in order to be (o exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of Great Britain; and also the Ship, or other Vessel or Boat, in or upon which any such Commodities shall be so exported, shipped, or laden, in order to be so exported, and all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited; and one Moiety of all the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall sue for the same: And for Offences which shall be committed in England', IValcsy or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sued for by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, Courts of the Counties Palatine, or Great Sessions in Wales, in which Suit no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: And for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by AiStion or summary Bill, or Information, in the Court of Session or Exchequer in Scotland.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, being an Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, or being lawfully authorized in that Behalf by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, to take and (eize all such Candles, Tallow, and Soap, not allowed to be exported by this Act, as he or they shall happen to find, know, or discover to be laid on board any Ship, or other Vessel or Boat, at Sea, or in any Port, or in any navigable River or Water, to the Intent or Purpose to be exported, transported, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, not actually laden on board any Ship, or other Vessel or Boat, and entered for Exportation, on the tenth Day of Ncveinber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat in which the same shall be found, and to bring the same to the King’s Warehouse or Warehouses belonging to the Custom-House next to the Place where such Seizure shall be made, or to some other safe Place as near thereto as can conveniently be done, in order to be proceeded against according to Law.

III. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit the Exportation or carrying out of such or so much of the said Commodities as shall be necessary to be carried in any Ship or Ships, or other Vessel or Vessels, in their respective Voyages, for the Purpose of being uied in the same Ships or Vessels.

IV. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any Person or Persons to ship or put on board any such Candles, 'Fallow, and Soap, to be carried Coastwise, that is to (jay, from any Port, Member, or Creek of Great Britain, to any other Port, Member, or Creek of the same respectively, having such or the like Coait Cocket or Sufferance for that Purpose, or such or the like sufficient Security being first given for the landing and discharging the same, in some other Port, Member, or Creek of Great Britain, and returning a Certificate in six Months, as is required by Law in Cases where Goods, which are liable to pay Duties on Exportation, are carried Coastwise from one Port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

V. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit the exporting or carrying any such Commodities from Great Britain to any of his Majesty's Dominions in or out of Europe, so as the Exporter or Exporters thereof do, before shipping or laying the lame on board, in order to be exported (rom Great Britain into any of the said Dominions, give such Security for landing thereof in such Dominions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures for relanding the Cme in any Part of Great Britain, as is now by Law required on the Exportation of the said Commodities, or either of them, from Great Britain j and also shall give, to the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs at the Port at which such Commodities shall be entered out and shipped for Exportation, Security by Bond in treble the Value of such Commodities, conditioned to produce Certificates of the due landing

K k a thereof

No Candle*,

Tallow, or Soap, to be exported:

Penalty for such Exportation.

Application and Re.overy of Penalties.

Officers of the Customs or Excise, or Persons authorized by the Treasury, may seize Candles, &c. not f laden on board' Ship, and enter* cd for Exportation, oh Nov. 10, 1795.

Afl not to cxJ tend toComnV<y dities carried iri Vessels for LYe on the Voyage;

nor to prohibit their being tarried CoAiVwife' with Sufferance, Arc.

nor to theu being exported to

apy of his Majesty's Dominions under certain Conditions.

250

C. 6.

thereof at

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Bargains made ©11 or before Nov. 18, for Candles, &c. for Exportation may be made void by Notice

5

on or before Dec. J0j 1795.

Continuance of Act.]

Act maybe altered or repealed

this Stfllon.

or their Intention to the Seller or Sellers of such Candles, Tallow, and Soap, on or before the tenth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five *, provided such Bargain shall have been made on or before the eighteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

*7 C<o. m.

Cap. 12, recited.

' 3l.154.41l. per Cwt. Part of the Duty of Customs on Starch and Hair Powder imported, and the Draw-hack of the Duty of Excise on Exportation of Starch, except

to the British

Colonies in America, or Settlements in the Hall Indies,

No Starch,

Hair Powder, or Blue, to be made from Wheat, or other

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Part of this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. VI.

An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue* from Wheat, and other Articles of Food; and for lowering the Duties on £he Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof.

[ill December 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes, a certain Duty of Customs of five Pounds five Shillings and eight Pence is imposed for every Hundred Weight of Starch imported into Great Britain; and a like Duty is also imposed for every Hundred Weight of Hair Powder imported into Great Britain; and by the said Act a certain Duty of Excise of three Pence Farthing is imposed for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch made in Great Britain j and a certain Drawback of the said Duty of Excise is granted on the Exportation of every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such Starch to Foreign Parts: And whereas it is expedient that the making of Starch, and also of Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes,1 Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man in this Kingdom, should be prohibited for a limited 4 Time; and also that the Duties on Starch and Hair Powder respectively imported should be lowered, and the said Drawback on the Exportation of Starch discontinued, except as is herein after excepted :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, during the Continuance of this AdL three Pounds fifteen Shillings and four Pence per Hundred Weight of Starch, Part of the said Duty of Customs imposed upon Starch imported into Great Britain, and the like Sum of three Pounds fifteen Shillings and four Pence per Hundred Weight oPHair Powder, Part of the said Duty of Customs imposed upon Hair Powder imported into Great Britain, and also the Whole of the said Drawback of the said Duty of Excise, except on the Exportation of Starch to his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in Amfrica, or to the British Settlements in the East Indies, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby discontinued; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at any Time remain unpaid of the said respective Duties; and also save and except all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall respectively remain in full Force as well with respedi to such Arrears of Duty as aforesaid as with respedi to the Duties which shall remain due and payable after the passing of this Act.

to be discontinued. s

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of this Act, nfc Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, shall be made or prepared from any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, or any Mixture with Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man.

used for Food.

Fcnalry for

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, during the Continuance of this Act,

irnakin^ starch, any Maker or Makers of Starch, or other Person or Persons whatever, shall make, or begin to make,

crTiue°Trom Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, from any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other

Wheat,’ice. Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, or any Mixture with Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour,

Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the b ood of Man, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any Fat, Trough, or other Utensil or Vessel, any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes,

Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, or any Mixture with Wheat, Bar-

ley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, for the Purpose of making Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, then, and in each and every such Case, such Maker or Makers of Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, or other Person or Persons so offending, and the Person or Persons in whole Custody or Possession any Fat, Trough, or other Utensil or Vessel, which shall be made use of contrary to the Intention of this Act, shall be found, shall, severally and respectively, (over and above all other Penalties

r 'I T.'

all

'll

1796.

tricesimo* sexto

imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament already in force,) forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds j and all such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, together with every such Fat, Trough, or other Utensil or VefleL shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always neverthe-Jds, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject any Starch Maker to the said Penalty of two hundred Pounds, for or by reason of his completing or finishing any Operation of Starch-making, from any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Pood of Man, openly put in Fermentation in his entered Starch House, on or before the twentieth Day of Novemlxr one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, so that such Operation shall be continued without wilful Delay; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. ,.»., ,.t ..., T

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be found in any Starch House, or in any Place wherein Starch shall be preparing or making, or wherein any Starch shall have been prepared or made, or which shall have been, or shall be, entered for making or preparing of Starch, all such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, respectively, shall be forfeited, together with the Vessels, Sacks, Bags, and other Things containing the same, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whose Possession such Starch House or Place shall be, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful.to and for any Person or Persons who shall be authorized for that Purpose, by the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or any two or more of them, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise iu London, or by one or more Justicepr Justices of the Peace in any other Part of Great Britain, at any Tune or Times, with any Officer, or Officers of Excise, or for any Officer or Officers of Excise, to enter into, any Starch House, or any other Place whatever, wherein any Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, shall be, or shall be suspected to be, preparing or making, or prepared or made, and every such Officer of Excise, and Person so authorized as aforesaid, shall have free Admittance into, and may inspect all the Materials, Vessels, and Utensils contained in any such Starch House or other Place (giving thereby as little Interruption as may be to the lawful Business which shall be there carrying on); and in case any such Officer ef Excise shall have Reason to suspect that any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, is mixed in any Waters or Liquids, or with any other Materials or Preparations whatsoever, or is otherwise in Operation for preparing or making Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, it shall be lawful for such Officer, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, upon Payment of three Pence per Pound Weight, (if demanded,) to take a Sample, not exceeding fifty Pounds iWeight, of any such Mixtures in Waters or Liquids,-or other Materials or Preparations, which shall be found in any such Starch, House or other Place aforesaid; and in case any Maker of Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, or the Owner or Occupier of any such Starch House or Place, or any Workman or Servant belonging <0 any such Maker or Makers, or Owner or Occupier, shall refule to admit such Person or Persons as shall be so authorized, or any Officer or Officers of Excite, into any such Starch House or Place, or shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer, or Person or Persons, in making such inspection as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such Officer to take such Sample, after the said Sum of three Pence per Pound Weight shall be paid or tendered for the same, every such Maker, Owner, or Occupier shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit fbe Sum of two hundred Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such Officer of Excise, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, having a Warrant for that Purpose from any two or more of the Commissioners of Excise, or any Justice or Justices respectively, as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry away all such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, and also all such Mixtures, or Waters, or Liquids, or other Materials or Preparations, as shall be found in any such Starch House, or other Place, together with all the Vessels, Sacks, Bags, and other Things in which the said Commodities, or any of them, shall be contained.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, to have or keep, for his, her, or their necessory Use, in any Dwelling House, Room, or Place, (not being an entered House, Room, or Place for making or preparing of Starch,) any Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, or Meal, not exceeding, at anyone Time, the Quantity of eight Bushels of Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, and Meal; and that if any such Maker or Makers shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons in Trust, or for the Use or Benefit of such Maker, more than eight Bushels of Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, or Meal, at any one Time, in any one or more Place or Places, every such Maker or Makers shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit all such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, and Meal, exceeding the said Quantity of eight Bushels, and also the Sum of five Pounds for every Bushel so forfeited: Provided always nevertheless, that this Act shall not extend to inflict the said last mentioned Forfeiture or Penalty, or either of them, upon any Maker of Starch who shall be the actual Grower of Wheat, Barley, or other Grain, and shall be polTessed of any Quantity of such Wheat, Barley, or other Grain, in the Straw, grown by him, or after such Wheat, Barley, or other Grain, is threshed out or separated from the Straw: Provided that such Wheat, Barley, or other Grain, shall not be kept in his Possession, or inuie Eofleifion of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, for a greater Space of Time than twenty l)ays alter the same shall be threshed or separated from the Straw, and so as such Wheat, Barley, or other

3 - Grain,

2=51-

Penalty not to extend to completing Starch from Wheat,

See. put in Fer- -mentation on or before Nov. 20,

1795-

Wheat, &c. fbnnd in Starch Houses forfeited, and the Poffc (Tors to forfeit

200 L

Persons authorized, and Officers of Excise, may enter Starch Houses and inspect

Material*

and Officers may take Samples of Mixtures, paying for the same, it they suspect Wheat, &c. to be mixed therein.

PtmUry of 2001 for rttuling Ad-m.flVon, or preventing the In-speftion of Materials, Scc.

Wheat, &c. so found, may be seized.

Makers of Starch, &c. may keep in their House* Wheat, &c. not exceeding eight Bushels:

Penalty for having more than that Quantity

but not to e\-. tend to Starch Makers, being Growers of W heat, or Millers, in cetuin Case*

2<2

C. 6

tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

09 rr

mi

T3n Oath of Ground of Suspicion that more than eight Bulh-ds of Wheat, Arc. is kept in any Storehouse, Arc. Officers of Excise, and other Persons, may be authorized to search, and may seize the Surplus, and the Persons in whose Custody found to forfeit 5J. perBuiheL

Doors may i>e biokc open.

Centrals for Delivery of Starch or Hair Powder during the Continuance of this A void.

No Hair Pow-dei to lie im-portid after certain Periods Ids Packages than 2241b. Arc. on Penalty of Forfeiture, and 501.

In Entries of Starch e*r Hair Powder imported, the Number of Packages,&c. to lie inserted, on Penalty of Forfeiture.

Starch or Hair Powderimported, when weighed, to be deported, Arc. as the Officers of Excite shall direct.

Grain, be not kept in any Place used for making, preparing, or keeping Starch: Provided also, that this Act shall not extend to inflict the said last mentioned Forfeiture and Penalty, or either of them, upon any Maker of Starch who pradlifes the Trade of a Miller, and who was possessed of, and as a Miller worked, any Mill or Mills for the grinding of Wheat, Barley, or other Grain, on or before the third Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for pr upon Account of any Quantity of Wheat, Barley, or other Grain, which shall, during the Time hereinbefore limited, be found not wetted or steeped in any such Mill or Mills; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any other Person or Persons, shall at any Time or Times have cause to suspect that any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, or Meal, exceeding the Quantity of eight Bushels of such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, and Meal, belonging to any Maker or Makers of Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, shall be laid or kept in any Storehouse, Warehouse, Granary, or other Place or Places, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then, and in every such Case, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, before the Commissioners of Excise, or any two or more of them, in England hr the Time being, or before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where such Officer or (Jfficers, or other Person or Persons, shall suspect the same to be laid or kept, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall make Oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable,) by Special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, by Day or by Night, (but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace,) to enter into all and every Storehouse, Warehouse, Granary, or other Place or Places,'where he or they shall so suspect that any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, or Meal, exceeding the Quantity of eight Bushels of Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, and Meal, belonging to any such Maker or Makers, shall be laid or kept, and to seize, take, and carry away all such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, or Meal, as he or they shall so find, (over and above the said Quantity of eight Bushels,) together with all the Vessels, Sacks, Bags, or other Things, wherein the same shall be contained; and such Maker or Makers, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Whear, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, or Meal, belonging to such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, shall be found, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay the said Penalty of five Pounds for every Bushel exceeding the said Quantity of eight Bushels; and the said Officer or Officers, and other Person or Persons, is or are hereby empowered by such Warrant, together with such other Person or Persons as he or they shall take to his or their Assistance, to enter such Storehouses, Warehouses, Granaries, and other Place or Places, and break open the Doors thereof, in case they be not forthwith opened on Demand.

VIII. And whereas there may have been Contracts made by Makers of Starch with several Persons for Starch or Hair Powder to be delivered and received at future Times after the passing of this Act;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contracts or Bargains made by any Maker or Makers of Starch, or by any Maker or Makers of Hair Powder, with any Person or Persons whatever, for any Starch or Hair Powder to be delivered at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, null and void.

IX. 1 And whereas, for the Protection of the fair Trader, it is expedient to provide the several Restric- tiens, Regulations, and Matters herein after mentioned ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Hair Powder shall be imported or brought from any Part of Europe, or, from and after the twentieth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be imported or brought from any Part of Asia^ Africa, or America, into Great Britain, or into any Pert, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, in any Ship or Veflef, otherwise than in Calk, Chest, Case, Bag, or other Package, each Cask, Chest, Case, Bag, or other Package whereof, shall contain two hundred and twenty-four Pounds neat of Hair Powder at the least, to be (lowed openly in the Hold of such Ship or Vessel importing the same, on Pain to forfeit all the Hair Powder so imported or brought contrary to this Act, together with the Cask, Chest, Case, Bag, or other Package containing the same, which shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise; and the Master, Mate, or other Person, taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Entry or Report of any St3rch or Hair Powder imported or brought into this Kingdom to be made, by the Master or Purser of any Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs, the Number of Casks, Chests, cases, Bags, or other Packages, with the particular Numbers and Marks of each of them, on board of each respective Ship or Vessel, shall be inserted, on Pain, for every Neglect or Refusal thereof, to forfeit such Starch or Hair Powder respectively, with the Calk, Chest, Case, Bag, or other Package wherein the same shall be contained, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Starch or Hair Powder respectively imported or brought into this Kingdom shall, in order to ascertain the Duties payable thereon* have been weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs shall secure the same, until the Delivery thereof into the Charge and Custody of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise; and upon the Delivery thereof into the Custody of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees thereof, shall, at

his,.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Oeoroii III.

C. 6. 253

his, her, and their own proper Costs and Charges, remove all such Starch and Hair Powder respectively to* and deposit the same in, such convenient House, Warehouse, or Place as the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall direct, and thereupon such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, shall, on being required by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise so to do, immediately wrap all such Starch and Hair Powder respectively, in Papers of t^e Colours, or one of them, herein after mentioned, and no other, each such Paper containing not less than four Pounds Weight, nor more than seven Pounds Weight of Starch, nor less than one Pound Weight, nor more than seven Pounds Weight of Hair Powder; and also tie up every such Wrapper with Strings, eroding each other on that Side of the Wrapper where the Ends of the Paper containing such Starch or Hair Powder respectively shall be folded, and also strongly affix, or paste with warm Paste made with Glue, on the Outside of every such Wrapper, after the same shall be so tied, a Label of very thin Paj>er, three Inches long, and three Inches broad, at the least, and of a different Colour from the Paper in which the Starch or Hair Powder respectively shall be wraoped; that is to say, if such Starch or Hair Powder shall be wrapped in Blue or Brown Paper, the said Lafcel shall be White; and if such Starch or Hair Powder shall be wrapped in White Paper, such Label shall be Blue; and shall also affix and paste every such Label on the Foldings of both Ends of the Paper inclosing such Quantity of Starch or Hair Powder respectively, and in such a Manner as to prevent the opening of the said Paper containing such Starch or Hair Powder respectively, without tearing such Label; and the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall attend to fee such Starch and Hair Powder respectively papered and tied in Manner aforesaid, and such Label affixed and parted on every such Paper containing such Starch or Hair Powder respectively; and such Officer or Officers shall cause every such Label affixed and parted on every such Paper containing Starch or Hair Powder respectively, to be stamped or sealed with such Stamp or Seal as shall be provided by the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively for that Purpose; and if any such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, of Starch or Hair Powder imported or brought into this Kingdom, shall neglect or refuse so to remove any such Starch or Hair Powder, or to deposit the same as aforesaid, or to wrap any such Starch or Hair Powder in Paper as aforesaid,

Officer of Fjc-eife to attend* and cause Labels to be stamped.

Penalty of too I. on Importer^ Sec. neglecting to deposit, &c. Starch or Hair Powder.

Comm illioners of Excise to provide and distribute Stomps.

Officers to do no Hurt in using. them.

Persons counterfeiting Stamps to fulftrr

Death:

or to tie up any such Paper as aforesaid, or to affix or paste any such Label as aforesaid, all and every such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, in England and Scotland respectively, shall provide proper Stamps or Seals for the stamping or sealing the Labels affixed or parted on Paper containing all Starch and Hair Powder respectively, which shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, and papered in pursuance of this Act, and shall cause such Stamps or Seals to be distributed to the proper Officers of Excise, for the Purpose before mentioned, which Officers are hereby enjoined and required, in uling the same, to do no Hurt or Damage, or the least Hurt or Damage that may be, to the Starch or Hair Powder respectively, or to the Paper wherein the same shall be so wrapped; which Stamps or Seals shall and may be varied, altered, or renewed, from Time to Time, as the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or the major Part of them respectively, shall think fit.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forge or counterfeit any Stamp or Seal, to resemble any Stamp or Seal, which shall be provided in pursuance of this Act, for (tamping or sealing Starch or Hair Powder imported; or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Paper containing any Starch or Hair Powder, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties upon Starch or Hair Powder, then every Person fooffending, being thereof convicted in due Porm of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And if any Person or Persons shall at any Time fell any Search or Hair Powder with any such forged or counterfeit Stamp, Seal, or Impression thereon, knowing the same to be forged and counterfeited, and with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties upon Starch or Hair Powder, or shall knowingly, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties upon Starch or Hair Powder, fix, or cause to be fixed, the Label of any Paper stamped or sealed according to the Directions of this Act, to any Starch or Hair Powder, other man that which was inclosed in such Paper at the Time when the Label thereof was stamped or sealed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, every Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Starch imported or brought into this Kingdom shall be found in any Place belonging to any Starch Maker or Dealer in Starch, or to any Hair Powder Maker or Dealer in Hair Powder, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons to «/r for the Use or Benefit of any such Maker or Makers, or Dealer or Dealers in such Starch or Hair Powder, not being wrapped in Paper as aforesaid, or wrapped in Paper which shall be found not stamped or labelled as aforesaid, all such Starch shall be forfeited, together with all and Angular the Casks, Cherts, cases, Bags, or other Packages, containing the same, and such Starch, Casks, Che(t9, cases, Bags, and other Packages respectively, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and the Starch Maker or Dealer in Starch, or Hair Powder Maker or Dealer in Hair Powder, to whom such Place shall belong, and also such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, in whole Possession such Starch shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained Act not to rr-shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit any such Starch which shall have been imported into this Kingdom, nor any such Calk, Chert, Case, Bag, or other Package, containing the same, for or by Rtalonof such Starch being found not wrapped in Paper stamped or labelled as last aforesaid, such Starch being made into Hair Powder, or being taken out of the Papers in the Post'ession of any Hair Powder Maker 0: blue Maker for the Purposo of immediately manufacturing the same into Hair Powder or into Blue, or Vi 6 any

and Person* felling Starch or Hair Powder With such Stamp*, dec. to

lon'cit 2001.

Imported Starch

found in any Place belonging to a Starch or Hair Powder Maker, Arc. not properlyilampt, Ate. maybe feiz* and the Pa'ty

to forfeit 20 j L

tend to such Starch being made into Hair Powder, &c.

254-

If the Paper

containing imported Starch or Hair Powder should he damaged, after being stampt, it may be re-papered, &c. under certain Conditions.

I

Nt> Hair Powder exceeding 281b. tojbc removed unless marked " Hair-Powder^" on Penalty of

Forfeiture.

Dealers in Hair

Powder receiving more than a# lb. unmarked, to forfeit 2 col

Penalty of zool. for obstructing Officers.

Recovery and Application of Penalties :utd for by the

Customs.

Recovery and Application of Penalties sued for by the Excise.

Limitation of Anions in England.

[General issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

In Actions in Scotland, the

C. 6.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

any Quantity of Starch not exceeding twenty-eight Pounds Weight in the Possession of any Dealer in or Seller of Starch, and taken out of the Papers for immediate or current Sale; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas it may happen that the Paper wherein any Starch or Han- Powder imported shall be contained, after the same has been stamped as aforesaid, may, by Accident, be broken or damaged/ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Paper wherein any such Starch or Hair Powder shall be contained shall^by any Accident, be broken or damaged, and the Starch Maker or Dealer in Starch, or Hair Powder Maker or Dealer in Hair Powder, to whom the same belongs, shall be desirous of having the same rc-papered and re-(lamped, such Maker or Dealer shall give to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, within whole Survey he or she shall be, twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing, that such Maker or Dealer dplires to have such Starch or Hair Powder re-papered and re-damped, and thereupon, and upon the Production of such broken Paper, with the Label and Stamp, or Seal thereof, to such Officer or Officers, and leaving the same with him or them, it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers, being satisfied that such Starch or Hair Powder had before been duly damped or sealed as aforesaid, and that the Paper or Papers containing the same had been broken or damaged by Accident, as soon as is convenient after the Expiration of such twenty-four Hours, to re-damp or re-seal such Starch or Hair Powder, the same being re-papered and tied, and such Label as aforesaid being affixed thereon in Manner hereinbefore directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Hair Powder, exceeding the Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds Weight, shall be removetP^arried by Land or by Water, the Word u Hair-Powder’* shall be painted or marked, in legible Letters 01 at lead three Inches in Length, on every Calk, Ched, Case, Bag, or other Package wherein such Hair Powder shall be contained; and any Hair Powder, exceeding the Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds Weight, which shall be found removing or carrying, or removed or carried, by Land or by Water, in any Calk, Ched, Case, Bag, or other Package, not having the Word " Hair-Powder* so painted or marked thereon, shall be forfeited, together with the Calk, Ched, Case, Bag, or other Package containing the same, and the Boat or Vessel, Horses or other Cattle, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, made use of in removing or carrying the same; and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cudomsor Excise.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Hair Powder, shall, at any Time, knowingly receive into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Quantity of Hair Powder exceeding twenty-eight Pounds Weight, not having the Word Hair-Powder* so as aforesaid painted or marked on the Calk, Ched, Case, Bag, or other Package containing the same, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

1 vr

a

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Cudoms or Excise in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities to him or them given by this Act, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, f for which no other Penalty is by this Act imposed,) forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XIa. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, created or imposed by this Act, and which shall be sued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the Order or Permission of the Commissioners of the Cudoms in England and Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of the Cudoms, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any P ines or Penalties incurred, or any Goods forfeited, for any Offence against the Laws of Cudoms, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers of the Cudoms concerned in any such Seizure or Prosecution shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importations, and to such Share of the Produce arising from anypecu-niary Penalty or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, and which shall be prosecuted or sued for by Order of the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods as any P'ine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmbift er s or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such F'ine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Offence shall be committed; and if such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonfiiited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law; and if such Action or Suit be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom such

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6, 7.

such Action or Suit shall be brought shall allow the Defender to plead this Act in his Defence, and the Pur-fucr shall not insist on his Action; or if Judgment shall be given against such Pursuer, the Defendant shall and may recover the full and real Expences he may have been put to by any such Action or Su t.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case his Majesty, at any Time or Times alter the passing of this Act, shall, in his Royal Discretion, judge it to be most for the Benefit and Advantage of this Kingdom to permit the making of Starch from Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of his Privy Councilor by his Majesty's Order in Council, to be published in the London G izette, from Time to Time to permit and suffer all and every Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, (but 11U any particular Person or Persons,) at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, to make Stanch from Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take Effect as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby di reded or provided, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, and shall be and remain in Force until and upon the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

255

Defender may plead this Act,

ScC.

His Majesty may permit the making of Srarch from Wheat, &c.

Commencement and Continuance of Act.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against

treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts.

[18th December 1795.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com- W mons, of Great Britain, in this present Parliament assembled, duly considering the daring Outrages offered to your Majesty's mod Sacred Person, in your Passage to and from your Parliament at the Open- ing of this present Session, and also the continued Attempts of wicked and evil-disposed Persons to dii- turb the Tranquillity of this your Majesty's Kingdom, particularly by the Multitude of seditious Pam- phlets and Speeches daily printed, published, and dispersed, with unremitted Indudry, and w tlia transcendant Boldness, in Contempt of your Majesty's Royal Person and Dignity, and tending to tt.e Overthrow of the Laws, Government, and happy Conditution of these Realms, have judged that it is become necessary to provide a further Remedy against all such treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts: We, therefore,

calling to Mind the good and wholesome Provisions which have at diderent Times been made by the Wif- dom of Parliament for the averting such Dangers, and more especially for the Security and Preservation of the Persons of the Sovereigns of these Realms, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be en- acted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, after the Day of the passing of this Act, during the natural Lile of our most Gracious Sovereign Lord the King, (whom Almighty God preserve and bless with a long and prosperous Reign,) and until the End of the next Session of Parliament after a Demise of the Crown, shall, within the Realm or without, compass, imagine, invent, devise, or intend Death or Deflrudion, or any bodily Harm tending to Death or Destruction, Maim or Wounding, Imprisonment or Restraint, of the Person of the same our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, or to deprive or depose him or them from the Style, Honour, or Kingly Nam£ of the Imperial Crown of this Realm, or of any other of his Majtdy’s Dominions or Countries; or to levy War against his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, within this Realm, in order, by Force or Condraint, to compel him or them to change his or their Mcafurcsor Counts, or in order to put any Force or Conllraint upon, or to intimidate, or overawe, both Houses, or cither House of Parliament or to move or dir any Foreigner or Stranger with Force to invade this Realm, or any other his Majesty's Dominions or Countries, under the Obeisance of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors £ and such CompaiTings, Imaginations, Inventions, Devices, or Intentions, or any of them, shall express, utter, or declare, by publ filing any Printing or Writing, or by any overt Ad or Deed; being legally con-vtded thereof, upon the Oaths of two lawful and credible Witnesses, upon Trial, or othervyiic convicted or attainted by due Course of Law, then every such Person and Persons, so as aforesaid offending, shall be deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a Traitor and Traitors, and shall fulfer Pains of Death, and also lose and forfeit as in Cases of High Treason.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons within that Part of Great Britain culled England* at any Time from and after the Day of the passing of this Act, during three Years from the Day’of passing this Act, and until the End of the then next hellion of Parliament, shall maliciously and advisedly, by Writing, Printing, Preaching, or other Speaking, express, publish, utter, or declare any Words or Sentences to incite or dir up the People to Hatred or Contempt of the Person of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Government and Conditution of this Realm, as by Law established, then e/ery such Person and Persons, being thereof legally convicted, shall be liable to such Punishment any by Law be inflicted in Cases of High Misdemeanors *, and if any Person or Persons shall, after being j convicted, offend a ficond "Time, and be thereupon convicted, before any Commission of Oyer and 1 cr-nuocr, or Gaol Delivery, or in his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, such Person or Persons may, on such fccon l Convict'on, be adjudged, at the Discretion of the Court, either to suffer such Punishment as may now by Law be inflicted in Cases of High Misdemeanors, or to be banished this Realm, or to be tran (ported to

36 Geo. III. LI. such Persons wTTo

shall compass, devise, Ax. tli« Death, Restraint, tec. of his Majesty or lus Heirs, or to depose them, or to hvy War to compel a Change of Measures, Arc. to te

deemed'f iai:ors.

Persons, in England, who rtinll, by Writes, Arc. incite to Hatred or Contempt of his Majesty or the Govern ir.c»fr Scc. shall be guilty of High Misdemeanor*; and for a second Oftervce may he f/unish<d as lor a High Mifdca.* mca&or, ot

256

C. 7, 8.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

0

A.D. 1796.

or transported for seven Years.

w. | f

Persons banished or transported, found at large within Great Britain before the Expiration of their Term, to fufler Death.

Where Such Persons may he tried.

Certificate of Conviction, &c. to be Sufficient Proof.

Limitation of Actions for Misdemeanor; and '

no Persons to be convicted thereof but by the Oath of two Witnesses.

Persons accused of Treason, to be entitled to Benefit of 7 Gul.

III. Cap. 3. and 7 Ann®, Cap. 11.

such Place as shall be appointed by his Majesty for the Transportation of Offenders; which Banishment or Transportation shall be for such I erm as the Court may appoint, not exceeding seven Years.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender or Offenders, who shall be so ordered by any such

Court as aforesaid to be banished the Realm, or transported beyond the Seas, in Manner aforesaid, shall be afterwards at large within any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, without some lawful Caule, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender or Offenders shall have been ordered to be banished or transported beyond the Seas as aforesaid, every such Offender being so at large as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and such Offender Or Offenders may be tried, either before Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions, or Gaol Delivery, for the County, City, Liberty, Borough, or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended and taken, or from whence he, she, or they was or were ordered to be banished or transported; and the Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk or Officer of the Court, having the Custody of the Records where such Orders of Banishment or Transportation shall be made, shall, at the Request of the Prosecutor, or any other Person on his Majesty's Behalf, make out and give a Certificate, in Writing, signed by him, containing the Eftc£t and Substance only (omitting the formal Part) of every Indictment and Conviction of such Offender or Offenders, and of the Order for his, her, or their Banishment or Transportation, to the justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions, cr Gaol Delivery, where such Offender or Offenders shall be indicted (not taking for the same more than two Shillings and six Pence); which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Order for Banishment or Transportationrof such Offender or Offenders.

IV. Provided always, That no Person or Persons, by virtue of this present Act, shall for any Misdeameanour incur any the Penalties hereinbefore mentioned, unless he, she, or they be prosecuted within six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, and the Prosecution brought to Trial or Judgment within the first Term, Sittings, Affixes, or Sessions in which, by the Course of the Court wherein such Prosecution shall be depending, the Prosecutor could bring on such Trial, or cause such Judgment to be entered, or in the Term, Sittings, Assizes, or Session which shall next ensue, unless the Court in which such Prosecution shall be depending, or before which such lvrial ought to be had, shall, on special Ground ilated by Motion in open Court, think fit to enlarge the Time for the T rial thereof, or unless the Defendant shall be prosecuted to or towards an Outlawry; and that no Person shall, upon Trial, be convicted by virtue of this Act, for any Misdemeanor, but by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses.

Act not to prevent Prosecution at Common Law.

% -

i

r

t

4 0 - «r

No Meeting of

ir.OTe than fifty Persons (except County Meetings, &c.) to be holden for or on Pretext of preparing Petitions for Alteration of Matters established in Church or State, v. left previous Notice be given by seven House-holders, in some N^wfpaper, &c.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons that shall at any Time be accused, or indicted, or prosecuted, for any Offence made or declared to be Treason by this Act, shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Act of Parliament, made in the seventh Year of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for regulating of Trials in Cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason; and also to the Provisions made by another Act of Parliament, passed in the seventh Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or affect any Prosecution by Information or Indictment at the Common Law, for any Offence within the Provisions of this Act, unless the Party shall have been first prosecuted under this Act.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

[18th December 1795.]

WHEREAS Assemblies of divers Persons, collected for the Purpose or under the Pretext of deliberate ing on Public Grievances, and of agreeing on Petitions, Complaints, Remonstrances, Declarations, or other Addresses, to the King, or to both Houses, or either House of Parliament, have of late been made use of to serve the Ends of fadtious and seditious Persons, to the great Danger of the Public Peace,

and may become the Means of producing Confusion and Calamities in the Nation Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, I hat no Meeting, of any Description of Persons, exceeding the Number of fifty Persons, (other than and except anjr Meeting.of any County, Riding, or Division called by the Lord Lieutenant, Custos Rotulorum, or Sheriff of such County; or a Meeting called by the Convener of any County or Steward y in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; or any Meeting called by two or mo^e Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Meeting shall be holden; or any Meeting of any County, having different Ridings or Divisions, called by any two justices of any one or more of such Ridings or Divisions; or any Meeting called by the major Part of the Grand Jury of the County, or of the Division of the County, where such Meeting shall beholden, at their General Assizes or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; or any Meeting of 3iiy City, or Borough, or Town Corporate, called by the Mayor or other Head Officer of such City, or Borough, or Town Corporate; or any Meeting of any Ward or Division of any City or Town Corporate, called by the Alderman or other Head Officer of such Ward or Division; or any Meeting of any Corporate Body,) shall be holden, for the Purpose or on the Pretext of considering of or preparing any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance, or Declaration, or other Address to the King, or to both Houses, or either House of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters established in Church or State, or for the Purpose or on the Pretext of deli-

7

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8.

257.

berating upon any Grievance in Church or Sute, unLfs Notice of the Intention to hold such Meeting, and, of the Time and Place when and where the lame shall be proposed to be holden, and of the Purpose for which the lame shall be proposed to be holden, shall be given, in the Names of seven Persons at the least, being Householders resident within the County, City, or Place where such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden, whose Places of Abode and Descriptions shall be inserted in such Notice, and whrch Notice shall be given by public Advertisement in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the County and Division where such Meeting shall beholden five Days at the least before such Meeting shall be holden, or shall be delivered in Manner herein after mentioned; and that such Notice shall not be inserted in any such Newspaper unless the Authority to insert such Notice shall be signed by seven Persons at the krall, being Householders resident within the County, City, or Place where such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden, and named in such Notice, and unless such Authority, so signed, shall be written at the Foot of a true Copy of such Notice, and shall be delivered to the Person required to insert the same in any such Newspaper as aforesaid; which Person shall cauie such Notice and Authority to be carefully preserved, and shall also, at any Time after such Notice shall have been inserted in such Paper, and within fourteen Days after the Day on which Inch Meeting shall be had, produce such Notice and Authority, and cau'e a true Copy thereof (if required) to be delivered to any Juffce of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place where such Person shall reiide, or where such Newspaper shall be printed, and who shall lequire the same; and in case any Person shall insert any such Notice in any Newspaper, without such Authority as aforesaid, or in case any Person to whom any such Notice and Authority shall have been delivered for the Purpose of inserting such Notice in any such Newspaper as aforesaid, shall refute to produce such Notice and Authority, or to deliver a true Copy thereof, being thereunto required as aforesaid, withm three Days after such Production and Copy, or either of them, shall have been so required, every such Person for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person who Hiall sue for the same.

II. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to deliver any such Notice as aforesaid, (igneJ by the seven Persons in whose Names such Notice shall be given, with their Places of Abode, and Descriptions, five Days at the lead before the Day on which such Meeting shall beholden, to the Cleric of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division, within which such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden; and such Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith, and without Delay, fend a true Copy of such Notice, with such Signatures and Additions as aforesaid, to three Justices of the Peace at the lead, of such County, Riding, or Division, then resident within such County, Riding, or Division; or in case the Justices of the Peace of the City, Borough, or Town, where such Meeting shall be pro-pofrd to be holden, shall have exclusive Jurisdiction, then to three of such Justices, if so many shall then be resident within such Jurisdiction, and if not, then to so many of such Justices as shall be resident within such exclusive Jurisdiction; and in such Cale, such Notice so given by such Means as aforesaid, shall be as effectual, toall Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been given by public Advertisement, indited in any such Newspaper as aforesaid. v 4

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Meetings, of any Description of Persons, exceeding the Number of fifty Persons, (other thaw and except as aforesaid,) which shall be holden without such previous Notice as aforesaid, for the Purpose or on the Pretext of considering of or preparing any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance, Declaration, or other Address to the King, or both Houses, or either House of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters established in Church or State, or for the Purpose or on the Pretext of deliberating on any Grievance in Church or State, shall be deemed and taken to be unlawful Afferr.b'ies. \ i. -

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Persons, exceeding the Number of fifty, being assembled contrary to the Provisions hereinbefore contained, and being required or commanded by any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or by the Sheriff of the County or his Under fillet iff, or by

Notice rot to be inferred, unless the Authority to do so he written at the Foot thereof.

Notice and Authority to be preserved, and produced to a justice if required.

0

Penalty of 501. for inserting No.ice without such Authority, &c.

Notice may be given to the Clerk of the Peace, who shall forthwith fend. a Copy to the Justices;

Such Notice to be effectual.

1

Meetings without Notice to be deemed unlaw-.

ful Aftcinblics.

1 1

the Mayor or other Head Officer or Justice of the Peace of any City or Town Corporate, where fyph All fcmbly shall be, by Proclamation to be made in the King’s Name, in the Form herein after directed, to perfecthemselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to their lawful Business, shall, to the Number of twelve, or more, notwithstanding such Proclamation made, remain or continue together by the Space of one Hour after such Command or Request made by Proclamation, that then such continuing together to the Number of twelve or more, after such Command or Request made by Proclamation, shall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felon9, and shall suffer Death, as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Order and Form of the Proclamation to be made as aforesaid shall be as hereafter followeth; (that is to say,) the Justice of the Peace, or other Person authorized by this Act to make the said Proclamation, shall, among the said Persons assembled, or as near to them as he can fcfcly come, with a loud Voice command, or cause to be commanded. Silence to be while Proclamation is making, and after that shall openly and with loud Voice make, or cause to be made, Proclamation in these Worus, or like in Effe<d:

QUR Sovereign Lord the King chargeth and commandeth all Persons being assembled immediately to 1 disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations or to their lawful Business, upon the 1 Pains contained in the Act, made in the thirty-sixth Year of King George the Third, for the more ejUc-1 iuary preventing Seditious Meetings and /fife mb lies. GOD lave the KING.*

y* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Meeting shall be holden, in pursuanceot any such Notice as aforesaid, and the Purpose for which the same shall in such Notice havebten toured to be holctn, or any Matter which shall be in such Notice proposed to be propounded or dclibe-BHR LI 2 u.

If 12 or more Persons aftem-bkd contrary to this Act, shall continue together one Hcv& after being required by ajuf-t;ce,&c tf/iCS perfe, they shall suffer Dcith.

Proclamation to l.c made in the following

0

A

Form.

If in Meetings holden pursuant to Notice, unjL

Matter shall he

258

C. 8.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

rated upon at such Meeting, shall purport that any Matter or Thing by Law established may be altered otherwise than by the Authority of the King, Lords, and Commons, in Parliamen assembled, or shall tend to incite or stir up the People to Hatred or Contempt of the Person of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the Government and Constitution of this Realm, as by Law established, it shall be lawful for one or more Justice or Justices, or the Sheriff of the County where such Meeting shall be, or for the Mayor or other Head Officer, or any Justice of the Peace of any City or Town Corporate, where any such Meeting shall be, by Proclamation, to require or command the Persons there assembled to disperse themselves; and if any Persons, to the Number of twelve or more, being so required or commanded, by Proclamation to be made in the King’s Name, in the Form hereinbefore directed, to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to their lawful Business, shall, to the Number of twelve or mare, notwithstanding such Proclamation made, remain or continue together by the Space of one Hour after such Command or Request made by Proclamation, that then such continuing together to the Number of twelve or more, after such Command or Request made by Proclamation, shall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death, as in calc of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, psefentat any Meeting requiring such Notice as aforesaid, shall think fit to order any Person or Persons who shall at such Meeting proceed to propound or maintain any Proposition for altering any Thing by Law established, otherwise than by the Authority of the King, Lords, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, or shall wilfully and advisedly make any Proposition, or hold any Discourse, for the Purpose of inciting and stirring up the People to Hatred or Contempt of the Person of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Government and Constitution of this Realm, as by Law established, to be taken into Custody, to be dealt with according to Law; and in case the said Justice or Justices, or any of them, or any Peace Officer acting under their or any of their Orders, shall be obstructed in taking into Custody any Person or Persons so ordered to be taken into Custody, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices thereupon to make, or cause to be made, such Proclamation as aforesaid, in Manner aforesaid; and if any Persons to the Number of twelve or more, being required or commanded by such Proclamation to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart as aforesaid, shall, to the Number of twelve or more, notwithstanding such Proclamation made, remain or continue together by the Space of one Hour after such Command or Request made by Proclamation, that then such continuing together to the Number of twelve or more, after such Command or Request made by Proclamation, shall be adjudged Felony withoutJ3enefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death, VIII. IX.

of Clergy.

as in case of Felony without Benefit

- Magistrates may resort to Affem-fclics and aft, and may require the A ffi fiance of Peace Officers.

J*eifbBs not dif-yerfing within an Hour after Proclamation may be apprehended;

and if killed or maimed by r* ason of their Refinance, the Magistrate, &c. indemnified.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Justice and Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, and other Head Officer aforesaid, is and are hereby authorized and empowered, on Notice gr Knowledge of any such Meeting or Assembly as is hereinbefore mentioned, to resort to the Place where such Meeting or Assembly shall be, or shall be intended to be holden, or to any Part thereof, and there to do, or order or cause to be done, all such Acts, Alatters, and Things, as the Case may require, which they are hereby enabled to do, or order to be done, or which they are otherwise by Law enabled to do, or order to be done; and it shall be lawful for all and every Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, and other Head Officer as aforesaid, to take and require the Assistance of any Number of Constables or other Officers of the Peace, within their respective Distriels, or within the District or Place wherein every such Meeting as hereinbefore mentioned shall be holden; which Constables and other Officers of the Peace are hereby required to attend accordingly such Justice?, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, or other Head Officer respectively, and to give such Assistance as shall be necessary for the due Execution of

this ACT

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Persons so assembled as aforesaid, or twelve or more of them, after any Proclamation made in Manner aforesaid, shall continue together, and not disperse themselves within one Hour, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for every Justice of the Peace, Sheriff, or Under Sheriff of the County where such Assembly shall be, and also to and for every High or Petty Constable, and other Peace Officer within such County, and also to and for every Mayor, Justice of the Peace, Sheriff, and other Head Officer, High or Petty Constable and other Peace Officer, of any City or Town Corporate where such Assembly shall be, and to and for such other Person and Pci ions as shall be commanded to be assisting unto any such Justice of the Peace, Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Mayor, or other Head Officer aforesaid, who are hereby authorized and empowered to command all his Majesty's Subjects, of Age and Ability, to be assisting to them therein, to seize and apprehend, and they are hereby required to seize and apprehend, such Persons so assembled, and continuing together after Proclamation made as aforesaid, and forthwith to carry the Persons so apprehended bcfoie one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Persons shall be so apprehended, in order to their being proceeded against for such Offences according to Law; and that if the Persons so assembled, or any of them, shall happen to be killed, maimed, or hurt in the dispersing, seizing, or apprehending, or endeavouring to disperse, seize, or apprehend them, by reason of their resisting the Persons so dispersing, (eizing, or apprehending, or endeavouring to disperse, seize, or apprehend them, that then every such Justice of the Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer, H»gh or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, and all and singular Persons, being aiding and assisting to them or any of them, shall be free, discharged, and indemnified)

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

C

259

fed, as well against the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Person and Persons, of, for, or concerning the killing, maiming, or hurting of any such Person or Persons so aflcin-bled, that shall happen to be so killed, maimed, or hurt as aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons door shall, with Force and Arms, wilfully and knowingly oppose, obstruct, or in any Manner wilfully and knowingly let, hinder, or hurt, any Justice of the Peace, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, who shall attend any such Meeting as aforesaid, or who shall be going to attend any such Meeting, or any Person or Persons who shall begin to proclaim, or go to proclaim, according to any Proclamation hereby directed to be made, whereby such Proclamation shall not be made, that then every such opposing, obstructing, letting, hindering, or hurting any such Justice or other Persons so authorized as aforesaid, and so attending or going to attend any such Meeting, or any such Person or Persons so beginning or going to make any such Proclamation as aforesaid, shall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and that also every such Person or Persons so being assembled as aforesaid, to the Number of fifty or more as aforesaid, to whom any such Proclamation as aforesaid should or ought to have been made, if the same had not been hindered as aforesaid, shall likewise, in case they or any of them, to the Number of twelve or more, shall continue together, and notdifperfe themselve* within one Hour after such Let or Hindrance so made, having Knowledge of such Let or Hindrance so made, shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and that also, if any Person or Persons, so being at any such Assembly as aforesaid, shall with Force and Arms wilfully and knowingly oppose, obstruct, or in any Manner wilfully and knowingly let, hinder, or hurt any Justice of the Peace, or other Magistrate, or any Peace Officer, in apprehending or taking into Custody, in Execution of any of the Provisions of this Act hereinbefore contained, any Person or Persons, or endeavouring so to do, that then every such opposing, obstructing, letting, hindering, or hurting, shall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

Persons obstructing Magistrates attending, or going to attend Meetings, or obstructing Persons pro-chiming, to futfer Death.

Persons assembled to whom Proclamation ought to liavs been made, if the same had not been hindered, continuing together to the Number of 12. or more, for an Hour after such Hindrance, to suffer Death.

Persons at such Assemblies opposing the taking of Offenders into Custody to suffer Deaths

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriffs Depute and their Substitutes, Sheriffs Dc-Stewards Depute and their Substitutes, Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Royal Boroughs, and all other Putes* c*1 inferior Judges and Magistrates, and also all High and Petty Constables or other Peace Officers, of any County, Stewartry, City, 6r Town, within that Part of Great Britain cailed Scotland, shall have such and the same Powers and Authorities, for putting this present Act in Execution within Scotland, as the Justices of the Peace and other Magistrates aforesaid respectively have, by virtue of this Act, within and for the other Parts of this Kingdom; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall at any Time be convicted of any of the Felonies afore-mentioned, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall for every such Offence incur and suffer the Pain of Death, and Confiscation of Moveables.

m

Scotland, to-have the same Power as Justice* in England.

Persons convicted of Felonies in Scotland, to incur the Pain of Death and Confiscation of Moveables.*

XII. 1 And whereas certain Houses, Rooms, or Places within the Cities of London and lVeJlrmnJln\ and in the Neighbourhood thereof, and in other Places, have of late been frequently used for the Purpose of delivering Lectures and Discourses on and concerning supposed public Grievances, and Matters relating to the Laws, Constitution, and Government and Policy of these Kingdoms, and treating and debating on and concerning the same, and under Pretence thereof Lectures or Discourses have been delivered, and Debates held, tending to stir up Hatred and Contempt of his Majesty's Royal Person, and of the Government and Constitution of this Realm as by Law established :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every House, Room, Field, or other Place where Lectures or Discourses shall be delivered, or public Debates shall be had on or concerning any supposed public Grievance, or any Matters relating to the Laws, Constitution, Government, or Policy of thcle Kingdoms, for the Purpose of raising or collecting Money, or any other valuable Thing, from the Persons admitted, whether such House, Room, F ield, or Place shall be opened or used for any such Purpose alone, or for any such Purpose together with any other Purpose, or under whatever Pretence the same shall be opened or used, to which any Person shall be admitted by the Payment of Money, or by Tickets fold for Money, or in consequence of his paying or giving, or having: paid or given, or agreeing the reafter to pay or give, in any Manner, any Money or other hing for or in respect of his Admission into such House, Room, Field, or Place, unless the opening or ufrng of such House, Room, Field, or Place shall have been previously licensed Manner herein after mentioned, shall be deemed a disorderly House or PLce, and the Person by whom such House, Room, Field, or Place shall be opened'* or used for the Purpose aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every Day or Tune that fcich House, Room, Field, or Place shall be opened or used as aforesaid, to such Person as will sue for the Came, and be otherw fe punished as the Law directs in Cases of disorderly Houses; and every Person managing or conducting the Proceedings, or acting as Moderator, President, or Chairman, at such House, Room, Field, or Place, or therein debating, or delivering any D fcouifeor lecture for the Purpose aforesaid, and aPo every Person who shall pay, give, collect, or receive, or agree to pay, give, collect, or receive, any Money or other Thing, for or in respect of the Admission of any Person into any such House, Room, Field, or Place, or shall deliver out, distribute, or receive any such Ticket or Tickets as aforesaid, knowing such House, Room, Field, or Place to be opened or used for such Purpose, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to such Person as will sue for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall at 'any Time hereafter appear, ad, o* behave him or herself as iviafter or-Millrefs, or as the Person having the Command,

* Government,.

Places for Lectures or Debates concerning Cup- puled public Grievances, where Money is paid for Admission, unless previously licenced, to be deemed disorderly Piibits, and the Persons opening or uling them to forfeit tool. &c.

And the Fcrfotj? managing the Proceedings,' and the Persons paying or receiving Money, fer AdififfHon, or delivering cr receiving i ic-kets, to foile.t icol.

Persons appearing as Mailer, 3cc. of such

260

C. 8.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Places liable to Prosecution.

Government, or Management of any such House, Room, Field, or Place as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a Person by whom the same is opened or used as aforesaid, and shall be liable to be sued or prosecuted, and punished as such, notwithstanding he or she be not, in Fact, the real Owner or Occupier thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Jud/ce or Justices of the Peace, or Ch«tf Magistrate respectively, of any County, City, Borough, or Place, who shall, by Information upon Oath, have Reason to suspect that any House, Room, Field, or Place, or any Parts or Part thereof, are or is opened or used for the Purpose of delivering Lectures or Discourses, or for public Debate, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, to go to such House, Room, or Place, and demand to be admitted therein; and in case such Justice or Justices, or other Magistrate, shall be refused Admittance to such House, Room, Field, or Place, or any Part thereof, the same shall be deemed a disorderly House or Place, within the Intent and Meaning of this Awl; and all and every the Provisions hereinbefore contained rc-spedting any House, Room, Field, or Place, hereinbefore declared tube a disorderly House or Place, shall be applied to such House, Room, Field, or Place, where such Admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid, and every Person refilling such Admittance shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same. ’

Magistrates who, by information on Oath, have Reason to suspect that any Place is opened for delivering

LcdUires, &c. lv.ay demand to be admitted; ami in case of Refusal, the PJice to be deemed disorderly, and the Person r.iufing Admittance to forfeit 1001.

Magill rates may demand Ad. mittance to any licensed Place at the Time of delivering Lee-. tures, &c. ar.dnf jtfufed it shall be deemed disorderly$

and th? Person reftifing Admittance shall forfeit icol.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Chief Ms gill rate respectively, of any County, City, Borough, or Place, where any such House, Room, or other Building shall be licensed as aforesaid, to go to such House, Room, or Building lo lice.'fed, at the Time of delivering any such Lecture or Discourse therein as aforesaid, or at the Time appointed for delivering any such Lecture or Discourse, and demand to be admitted therein; and in cale such Justice or Justices, or other Magistrate, shall be refused Admittance to such House, Room, or Building, the same shall be deemed, notwithstanding any such Licence as aforesaid, a disorderly House or Place, within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every the Provisions hereinbefore contained, respecting any House, Room, Field, or Place, hereinbefore declared to be a disorderly House or Place, shall be applied to such House, Room, or Building fc> licensed as aforesaid, where such Admittance shall have been refuled as aforesaid; and every Person refusing such Admittance shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person who will sue for the same.

Justices may Jiocnfe Places for delivering Lectures $ and may revoke

Jbccovery of

forfeitures.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Ail not to extend to Universities,

por to Instruil, ors of Youth.

w

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town, or Place where any House, Room, or other Building shall be, which any Person shall be desirous to open for any of the Purposes aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at their General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Special Session to be held for the particular Purpose, to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons defiling the lame, to open such House, Room, or other Building, for the Purpose of delivering for Money any such Lectures or Discourses as aforesaid, on any of the Subjects aforesaid, the same being clearly expressed in such Licence, for which Licence a Fee of one Shilling, and no more, shall be paid, and the lame shall be in Force for the Space of one Year and no longer, or for any less Space of Time, therein to be specified; and which Licence it shall be lawful for the Justices of the same County, City, Town, or Place, at any General Quarter Session of the Peace, to revoke and declare void and no longer in Force, by any Older of such Justices, a Copy whereof shall be delivered to or served upon the Person to whom the said Licence so revoked shall have been granted, or shall be left at the House, Room, or Building for which such ilicence shall have been granted, and thereupon such Licence shall cease and determine, and be thenceforth utterly void and of no Effect*.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person entitled to any of the Forfeitures aforesaid may sue by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts Of Record at Westminster, or in the Courts of Judiciary or Exchequer in Scotland, when the Cause of Action shall nrile in Scotland, in which Action it shall be sufficient to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of

theing the Sum demanded by the said Action) being forfeited by an Act, made in the thirty-sixth Year of the teign of his M. jedy King George the Third, intituled, an Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies $ and the Plaintiff, if he shall recover in any such Action, shall nave his full Cods: Provided also, that if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance and in Execution of this Act, the Defendant may plead the General liTuej and if a Verdict pal’s for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff discontinue his or her Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment be given against the Plaintiff, then such Defendant shall have treble Cods.

XVIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Lectures or Discourses to be delivered in any of the Und erlines of these Kingdoms, by any Member thereof, or any Person authorized by the Chancellor, Vice Chancellor, or other proper Officers of such Universities respectively. '

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Payment made to any Schoolmaster or other Person by Law allowed to tend) and indiuct Youth, in respect of any Lectures or Discourses delivered by such School-mader, or other Person for the Indruction only of such Youth as shall be committed to his Instruction, shall be deemed a Payment of Money for Admission-to such Lectures or Discourses within the Intent and Meaning

of this Act. x

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8, 9.

261

Act to be read at certain Tunes*

Limitation of Actions.

Commencement

and Continuance of Act.

WHEREAS divers Persons have assembled themselves in great Numbers, and committed great iences, with Intent to hinder the Pallage of Corn and Grain from Place to Place, whereby th

Persons hindering the buying of Corn, or seizing it on its Passage, 8cc. to be committed to hard Labour for a limited Time.

XX. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to take away or abridge any Pro- Act not to vision already made by the Law of this Realm, or of any Part thereof, for the Suppression or Punishment of abridge any Law

any Offence whatsoever described in this Act. fion or punishmem of offenc« httSi

XX[. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be openly read at every Epiphany Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and at every Leet*or Law Day.

XXII. Provided always, That no Person shall be profecucrd by virtue of this Act, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed; and no Action shall be brought, for any of the Penalties by this /\£t imposed, unless the same shall be brought within three Calendar Months next after the Offence committed.

XXIII. Provided also, That this Act shall commence and have Effect within the City of London, and within twenty Miles thereof, from the Day next after the Day of passing this Act, and shall commence and have Effect within all other Parts of the Kingdom, from the Expiration of seven Days next after the Day of passing this Act, and shall be and continue in force for three Years from the Day of passing this Act, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. IX.

An Act to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain within the Kingdom.

[18th December 1795.]

Vio-

the ne-

cellary Circulation of Corrt and Grain within the Kingdom may be prevented :* Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the pacing of this Act, wilfully and maliciously beat, wound, or use any other Violence to or upon any Person or Persons, with Intent to deter or hinder him or them from buying of Corn or Grain in any Market, or other Place within this Kingdom, or shall unlawfully (lop or seize any Wheat, Flour, Meal, Malt, or other Grain, in or on the Way to or from any City, Market Town, or Place in this Kingdom, or shall wilfully and maliciously break, cut, or destroy any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage wherein any such Wheat, Flour, Meal, Malt, or other Grain, shall be loaded, or the Harness of any Horse or Horses drawing or carrying the same, or shall unlawfully takeoff from any such Carnage, or drive away, kill, or wound, any such Horse or Horses, or unlawfully beat or wound the Driver or Drivers of any such Waggon, Cait, or other Carriage, or Horse so loaded, with Intent to flop such Wheat, Flour, Meal,

Malt, or other Grain, or shall, by cutting of the Sacks, or otherwise, (caster or throw abroad any such Wheat, Flour, Meal, Malt, or other Grain, or shall take or carry away, destroy, spoil, or damage the same, or any Part thereof, every and all such Person or Persons, being thereof lawfully convi£! before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding, D.vision. Town, or Place Corporate, wherein such Offence or Offences shall be committed, or before the Justices of the Peace in open Sessions, (who are hereby authorized and empowered, summarily and finally, to hear and determine the same,) shall be sent to the Common Gaol or Hu use of Correction, there to continue and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of three Months nor less than one Month.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Person or Persons so convicted shall commit any of the Oftences aforesaid a fecund Time, or it, from and after the passing of this Act, any Person or Persons, with Intent to prevent or hinder any Corn, Meal, Flour, Malt, or Grain from being lawfully carried or removed from any Place wn.itsoever, shall wilfully and maliciously pull, throw down, or otherwise destroy, any Storehouse or Granary, or other Place in which Corn, Meal, Flour, Malt, or Grain shall be then kept, or shall unlawfully enter any such Storehouse, Granary, or other Place, and take and carry away any Corn, Flour, Meal, Malt, or Grain therefrom, or shall throw abroad or spoil the same, or any Part thereof, or shall unlawfully enter on board any Snip, Barge, Boat, or Vessel, and wdfully and rr.aiiciously take and carry away, call or throw out therefrom, or otherwise spoil or damage any Corn, Flour,

Meal, Malt, or Grain therein, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall bead-judged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Space o! Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; and if any such Offender so transported shall return into this Kingdom before the Expiration of the said leven Years, he or she shaft futfer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy: Provided always, that no Attainder for any Offence made Felony by virtue of this Act shall make or work any Corruption ot Blood, Lois ol Dower, or Disinherit-alice of Heir or Heirs. x

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Inhabitants of every Hundred, in that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein any such Offence as aforesaid shall be cotnmitted, shall make full Satisfaction and Amends to all and every the Person and Per-fm«, their Executors and Administrators, for the D image they shall have sustained or fullered by any Injury or Violence done to tncir Properties by any Offender or Offenders against this Act; and that every Person and Persons who shall sustain Damages in their Properties by any of the said Offences, shall and are htuby enabled to sue for and recover such his or their Damages (the Sum to be recovered not exceeding one bundled Pounds) against the said Hundred, who by this Act shall be made liable to answer all or any Part CuntoL such Damages to be sued for, levied, and raift'd in such Manner and Form, and by and under the

Persons con. vifted of such Offence* a fe-condTimc, or destroying Storehouses, or carrying Com there! 1 ora, &c. to be transported for seven V ears, Sec:

The Hundred where any such

Off. nee is com* maud may oe sued lor Damages, not exceeding 100L

c6 2

C. 9, io.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

’No Person to

recover such Damages, unless Notice be given of the Offence, fee. and Recognizance entered into to pnefe-cute known Offenders.

If any Offender

be convicted within a Year after the Offence, the Hundred not liable to make Satis-fe^ioti for Damages.

No Action for Damages to be brought till after a Year, nor unit ft

Not to abridge any Law for the Punirtiment or Suppression of Offences mentioned herein.

like Methods and Directions, as are prescribcc! and mentioned in Cases of Actions of Robberies on the Highway in and by an Act, made in the seven-and-twentieth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the following Hue and Cry; and by one other Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Atnendmetit of the Law relating to Actions on the Statute of Hue end Cry, except so much thereof as relates to giving, leaving, or publiftring Notice, or making fresh Suit and Hue and Cry, or any other Matter otherwise provided for by this Act.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be enabled to recover any Damages by virtue of this Act, unless he or they, by themselves or by their Servants, within two Days after such Damage or lnjuiy done him or them, by any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, shall give Notice of such Offence done and committed to one of the Constables of the Hundred, or to the Constable, Borsholder, Headborough, or Tithingman of the Town, Parish, Village, Hamlet, or Tithing in or near which such Eadt shall be committed, and shall, within ten Days after such Notice, give in his or their Examinations upon Oath, or the Examination of his or their Servants, being present at the Time of the Fact being committed, or having the Care of such his or their Properties to which such Damage or Injury shall be done, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Liberty, or Division where such Fait shall be committed, whether he or they do know the Person or Persons that committed such Fact, or any of them; and if upon such Examination it be confessed that he or they do know that the Person or Persons that committed the said Fact, or any of them, that then he or they foconfefling shall be bound by Recognizance to prosecute such Offender or Offenders according to this Act, or other wiic according to the Laws of the Realm. -

V. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Offence shall be committed against this Act, and any one of the said Offenders shall be apprehended, and lawfully convicted of such Offence, within the Space of twelve Months after the Offence committed, no Hundred or Franchise therein shall in any wile be subject or liable to make any Satisfaction to the Patty or Parties injured for the Damages he or they shall have sustained; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstandingi Provided also, that no Person who shall sustain any Damage by reason of any Offence to be committed by any Offender contrary to this Act, shall be enabled hereby to sue or bring any Action against any Hundred where such Offence shall be committed till after the Expiration of one Year, nor unless the Party or Parties sustaining such Damage shall commence his, her, or their Action or Suit, within two Years next after the Offence committed. '

commenced within two Years after the Offence.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to abridge or take away any Provision already made by the Law of this Ream, or any Part thereof, for the Suppression or Punishment of any Offence whatsoever mentioned or described in this Act: Provided also, that no Person who shall be punished by virtue of this Act, shall be punished for the same Offence by virtue of any other Law or Statute whatsoever.

A

CAP. X.

An Act for the better Relief of the Poor, within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor; and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, within the said several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor.

[_i Sth December 1795.]

WHEREAS several Acts of Parliament have of late Years been made and passed, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in particular incorporated Hundreds, Towns, and Districts within

as they shall think necessary, for defraying the Expences of supporting and maintaining the Poor within their respective Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, and for other the Purposes of the said Acts; but fudi Sums of Money, for which such Assessments are to be made, are by the said several Acts of Parliament limited so as that they may not exceed a certain Sum in any one Year, which Sum was calculated upon an Average of the Amount of the Poor’s Rates in each Parish respectively, for a certain Number of Years previous to the patting of the respective incorporating Acts: And whereas, by Reason of the late very great increase of the Price of Com, and other necessary Articles of Life, the Amount of the Rates and Assessments, so limited by the (uid several Acts of Parliament, are become inefficient for the necessary Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, who have also of late greatly increased in Number: And whereas in many incorporated Hundreds, Towns, and Districts the Expence of maintaining the Poor, since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, has exceeded the whole Amount of the Rates whichi could be raised in the present Year within those Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, under their respectivo incorporating Acts; whereby considerable Debts have on that Account been incurred by the Guarilians

263

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo sexto

C. 10

12.

of the Poor of those Hundreds, Towns, and Di ft riels: And it is therefore become necessary and expc- dient that the Powers of the several Persons to whom is committed, by the said several Acts of Parliament, the Duty of appointing the Sums to be assessed on the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places within their re- speciive Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, should be enlarged:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p re lent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Directors and Acting Guardians of the Poor within any Hundred, Town, or District, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by any Act of Parliament for the Relief or Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, or for any other Persons, by whatsoever Name they are called or described, to whom is given, by any such incorporating Act, the Power of appointing the Sum or Sums to be assessed on the several Pari fhes, Hamlets, or Places within their respective Hundreds, Towns, or Districts, for the Maintenance of the Poor, and other the Purposes of such Act, at any of their annual, quarterly, or other general Meetings, whenever the Average Price of Wheat at the Corn Market in Mark Lane, London, for the Quarter immediately preceding such annual, quarterly, or other general Meeting, shall have exceeded the Average Price of Wheat at the same Market during those Years from which the Average Amount of the Poor’s Rates was taken upon the passing of the several incorporating Acts respectively, to aiiefs the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places within their respective Hundreds, Towns, or Districts, which now are or usually have been charged to the Poor’s Rates, in such respective Sums of Money as the said Directors and Acting Guardians, or such other Persons as aforesaid, shall think necessary for defraying the Expences attending the Support and Maintenance of the Poor for the current Quarter, and for paying the Interest of the Money borrowed and due by virtue of the said respective Acts, and of any Debts which may have been incurred since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the Maintenance of the Poor, and for other the Purposes of the said Acts, notwithstanding such Sums of Money so to be assessed should exceed the Amount of the Assessments limited by such respective Acts of Parliament to be assessed on the respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places within such incorporated Hundreds, Towns, or Districts, in any one Year: Provided always, that the Sums to be assessed, and the Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, in each respective incorporated Hundred, Town, or District, shall be assessed, made, collected, and paid in the same Manner, and subject to the same Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, and Powers of Appeal, anci with the like Powers and Remedies for compelling Payment thereof, as the Sums to be assessed, and the Assessments to be made, by virtue of the several incorporating Acts, are by those respective Acts directed to be assessed, collected, and made within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts respectively incorporated by those Acts: Provided also, that the Sums to be assessed by virtue of this Act, upon any Parish, Hamlet, or Place, shall be in the same Rates and Proportions as the Assessments which have hitherto been made and levied by virtue of the said Act or Acts incorporating the several Hundreds, Towns, or Districts in which such Parishes, Hamlets, or Places are respectively situated: And provided also, that, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Sums to be assessed, by virtue of this Act, on any Parish, Hamlet, or Place, shall never exceed, in any one Year, the Amount of double the Sum at present raised by

Directors and Ailing Guardian* of the Poor, incorporated by Alls of Parliament, may, in certain Calev, make such Assessments as may be neccfl^ry for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor, &c. notwithstanding the ymayexceed the Aflcfirncnu limited by the respective Acts.

Afllflinents by virtue of this All to be made. See. as those under the incorporating Alts.

virtue of any incorporating Act now existing.

ait present

From Jan. 1, 1798, no Assessment to exceed double the Sums under the incorporating AlU.

CAP. XI.

An Act for embanking, draining, and otherwise improving a certain Stinted Pasture, called Letncaster

, Marsh, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[18th December 1795.]

CAP. XII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by way of Annuities.

[19th December 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament af-sembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved, that the Sum of eighteen Millions be raised by Annui- ties, in Manner herein after mentioned j and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j’ &c. x

Every Contributor of 100l. to be entitled to a Principal of 100l. in the 3 per Cents. Consols., and an additional Principal of 20l. therein, from July 5, 1793; a further Principal of 25l. in the 3 per Cents, Rc- duced, and an Annuity of 6 s. 6d. for 64? Years, from 0<f/. 10, 1795* Annuities to be payable out of the Consolidated Fund Half-yearly. Contributors who have made Deposits at the Bank may pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions by Instalments. Guardians may subscribe for Infants. Contributors to be allowed Discount for Subscriptions paid in Advance. Annuities to be paid Half-yearly, but not till Subscriptions are completed. Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions by the Times herein specified, to be entitled to the Annuities at certain Periods. Annuities payable at the Bank. The Bank u to appoint a Cashier and Accountant General, and the Treasury to order Money to bq paid to the 4% Cashier. Cashier to pay Annuities without Delay, and the Accountant General to tnfpefthis Accounts.

264

C. 12, 13. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions which may be assigned before Nov. 10, 1796. Cashier to give Security, and to pay Money within five Days after received, into the Exchequer. A Book to be kept in the Accountant General’s Office for entering Contributors’ Names, a Duplicate of which shall be transmitted to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions to be entitled to their Annuities free from Taxes. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, to be forfeited. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, they may be transferred at the Bank. Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate. Treasury may apply the Money paid into the Exchequer. Accountant General to keep Books for rrgiftering Transfers. Stock may be devised by Will, which must be entered with the Accountant General. Transfers not to be liable to Stamp Duty. Treasury to defray incidental Expences out of Contributions, and to allow Salaries to the Cashier and Accountant General. The 3 per Cents* Consols. under this Act to be added to the Joint Stock of the 3 per Cents. Consols.; and the $P*r Cents. Reduced to the Joint Stock of 3 per C’nts. Reduced. Annuities of 6 s. 6 d. to be added to the Annuities for 99 and 98 Years. Annuities granted by this Act to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund. Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions. &c. guilty of Felony. The Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted ccafe. No Fee shall be taken for receiving Contributions, or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 201. General Issue. T reble Costs."

m

CAP. XIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff.

[24th December 1795.}

Most Gracious Sovereign,

The following additional Duties to be paid:

For Spanish or Portugal To-

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, and for making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any AcT or Acts for tint Purpose to be parted in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preleut Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed lor or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or* Portugal 1 o- Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported on or alter the seventh Day of December one thousand seven hun-

cn°or Vfnr^Dcc dred anc^ n‘nelY' ^lve> or to be imported, into Great Britain, one Shilling:

7, 1795, rs. per. lb.

For every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, imported into Great Britain before the seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which shall not actually have been deposited, lodged, and secured before the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred aruj ninety-five, in any Warehouse, according to the Directions of an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or of another Act made in the thirty-first Year of the said Reign, one Shilling:

For every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, which, on the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any Warehouse in which the same had been deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of either of the said ACb, and which hath been or shall be delivered out of such Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, one Shilling} to be paid by the Importer upon Demand: V- t

lb. j j

For every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, which, at any Time from and after the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven handled and ninety-five, hath been or shall be delivered for Exportation, out of the Warehouse in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, one Penny: Jr!

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco c f the Growth or Production of Ireland, or of the Growth or Production of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of the United States of America, imported on or after the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or to be imported, into Great Britain, four Pence:

For every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, as last aforesaid, imported into Great Britain before the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which shall not actually have been deposited, lodged, and secured before the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in any Warehouse, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, four Pence:

Tor such Tobacco not ware-housed before Dec. 7, 1795, is. per lb.

For such Tobacco in Warehouse on Dec. 7, 1795, and delivered out for Home Consumption, 1 s. per

and delivered for Exportation,

1 d. per lb.

For Irish or American Tobacco imported on or alter Dec. 7, 1795,

4 d. per lb.

For such Tobacco not warehouse d before Dec. 7, 1795,

4d. per lb.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 13. 265

For such Tobacco in Ware-hotTe, on Dec. 7, 1795, and

deli\t;

for Home Cor.fumption, $d. per 1U.

For such Snuff not warehoused before Dec. 7, a 79 5, i s. per lb.

For such Snuff in Warehouse on Dec. 7, 1795, m Delivery

or

For every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, as last aforesaid, which, on the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any Warehouse in which the same had been deputed, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, and which hath been or shall be delivered out of such Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, four Pence; to be paid by the Importer upon Demand:

For every Pound Weight of Snuff, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants For Snuffim-

trading to the East Indies, on or after the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and P°JC<1 l*ie

ninety-five, or to be imported into Great Britain by the said United Company, one Shilling: Company! on

r or after Dec. 7, 1795, is. per lb.

For every Pound Weight of the like SnulF, imported into Great Britain before the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which shall not actually have been deposited, lodged, and secured before the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in any Warehouse, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, one Shilling:

For every Pound Weight of the like Snuff, which, on the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any Warehouse in which the same had been deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, and which hath been or shall be delivered out of such Warehouse, one Shilling; to be paid by the Importer upon Demand: thereout, is. per lb.

For every Pound Weight of Snuff, imported into Great Britain from any British Plantation in America, For Snuff im-

from the Spanish West Indies, on or after the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred Al^r-Ca

For every Pound Weight of the like Snuff, as last aforesaid, imported into Great Britain before the said For such Snuff seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which shall not actually have been deposited, lodged, and secured, before the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in any Warehouse, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, six Pence:

For every Pound Weight of the like Snuff, as last aforesaid, which, on the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any Warehouse in which the same had been deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, and which hath been or shall be delivered out of such Warehouse, six Pence; to be paid by the Importer upon Demand

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any other Place, on or after the said For Snuff im-seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or to be imported into Great Britain from any other Place, seven Pence: orafter Dec. " ? """b.

For every Pound Weight of the like Snuff, as last aforesaid, imported into Great Britain before the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which shall not actually have been deposited, lodged, and secured, before the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in any Warehouse, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, feveu Pence:

For every Pound Weight of the like Snuff, which, on the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any Warehouse in which the same had been deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, and which hath been or shall be delivered out of such Warehouse, seven Pence; to be paid by the Importer upon Demand,

and ninety-five, or to be imported therefrom, six Pence:

rot warehoused before Dec. 7.

>79S» 6d-

per lb.

For such Snuff in Warehouse

on Dec. 7,179s*

on Delivery thervout, 6d. per lb*

t:.ci

w 1. a a

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Extife in Englani for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arile in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duties by this Act im-fed, for or in respect of Tobacco and Snuff respectively imported, shall be paid by Fuch Persons, in Inch anner, at such Times, and under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and Provisions as the former

Excise Duties on Tobacco and Snuff* respectively ini|)orted, are now payable by Law.

IV. And whereas Contracts may have been made for the Sale of Tobacco and Snuff'respectively, for or in respect whereof the said Duties are by this Act imposed be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That in all Cases where any Tobacco or Snuff* whereon any of the respective Duties by this Act im-

shall be charged, shall be delivered in purfuar.ee of such Contracts or Sales, it shall be lawful for die

Person or Persons delivering the same, to charge so much Money as shall be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect thereof, in Addition to the Price of the same, and such Perfoit or Persons shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to demand and be paid for the same accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Exportation of any Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, respectively manufactured from Tobacco for whkh the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been paid, which shall be delivered for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, ftn Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snr/jf, and for granting new Djitin in lieu thereof \) and exported as Merchandize, under 2n^l subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restric-110ns, and Provisions contained, provided, settled, or established in or by the said Act, made in the twei ry-, i Mm2 nmtii

For such Snuff not warehoustd before Dec. 7, 1795, yd. per lb.

For such Snuff in Wartl.ouse on Dec. 7,279$, on Deiivciy tour, 7 d. per ft>.

Duties to+e* under the Management of lb* Commissioncn ot Excise. Additional Dur'es to be paid as former Duties.

On Cor.tracts additional Du-t.es to be added to t!»e Pr.cc s agreed lor.

On Exportation of Short Cut Tobacco, &c.

niamifadlvr.d from 'I of ac co dclivcrud from any Warehouse for Horn* Consumption, the

fodowing ,.ddi-

266

tioral Drawbacks to be allowed:

For Short Cat,

4 d. per lb.

Shag, 3d. sq.

Roll, 4d. and Carrot, 3d. 2q.

Powers of ia Car. 11. Cap. 04, &c. to extend to this Act.

C. 13.

Anno tricesimo sexto GEORGII III.

A.D. 1795.

ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or in or by any other Law or Laws relating to the Exportation of Tobacco, in force immediately before the passing of this Adfc, there shall be paid and allowed the fever^l additional Drawbacks herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every Pound Weight of such Short Cut Tobacco so exported, an additional Excise Drawback of four Pence:. -

For every Pound Weight of such Shag Tobacco so exported, an additional Excise Drawback of three Pence Halfpenny: ,

For every Pound Weight of such Roll Tobacco so exported, an additional Excise Drawback of four Pence And for every Pound Weight of such Carrot Tobacco so exported, an additional Excise Drawback of* three Pence Halfpenny.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, sin At1for taking away the Court of I lards and Li -

Duties to br car* Tied to the Con-foLd.ited Fund,

Duties to be applied in defraying any increas-*d Charge occa-fontd by any Loan of this Session, and for-ten Years to be kept with other Duties granted for the same Purpose separate. from other Monies.

American Tobacco imported and warehoused may be removed Duty free to certain Poits for the Use of Land Forces on board

Ship.

No Tobacco so shipt to be relanded, without Leave, in Great Britain, nor in Ireland,

Quantity which may be shipc.

ing, or ascertaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, shall he practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the Excrfe Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties* Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Adh

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at ll'ejhmn-fer; and the find Money so paid as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies to arise from the said Duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament j and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period often Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, paid into the Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered fe pa rate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

1% m

IX. And whereas by the Laws now in force, none but Tobacco of the Growth of the British Plant*-c‘ tiers, which shall have paid Duty, and which shall have been manufactured in Great Britain, can be le- tally uled or confirmed on board of any of the Transports employed in carrying his Majesty's Land Forces in any Part of Europe: And whereas it is expedient that Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the British Plantations in America, or the United States of America, regularly imported into Great Bu- tain9 should be supplred to the Ships or Transports employed to carry his Majesty's Land P'orces, for the Use of Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers, without Payment of any Duty whatever under certain Conditions Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Forces on board any such Ship or Transport in actual Service, on purchasing any such Tobacco for the Purpose aforesaid, which shall have been legally deposited in any Warehouse now or hereafter to be appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs for the Reception of the same on Importation thereof, to remove the same, without Payment of any Duty whatever, by Permission of the said Cumin issioners of the Customs, upon such Conditions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as they may deem necessary for the Security of the Revenue, to the Ports of Rochester, Portj,'mouth, or Plymouth, there to be deposited in the Charge of the Collectors and Comptrollers of such Ports respectively, who are hereby authorized and required, on such Tobacco being duly entered Outwards, to permit the lame to be shipped and put on board any Ship or Transport in actual Service, within the Limits of their respective Ports, under the Cure and Inflection of the proper Officers.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tobacco so about to be shipped, shall be really and truly meant and intended for the Use and Consumption of such Land Forces, and that no Part thereof shall be by such Commanding Officer, or with his Privity, Consent, or Knowledge, relanded in any Part of Great Britain, without (pedal Leave first had and obtained from the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs for that Purpose, or landed in Ireland, or the Islands of

Guervfes, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man*-

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no greater Quantity of such Tobacco shall be allowed to any such Ship or Transport, than two Pounds Weight Avoirdupois by the Lunar Month, for eadi Non-commissioned Odicer or Soldier, nor shall any greater Quantity be permitted to be shipped at one and the same Time, than will be sufficient to serve such Forces for any Time not exceeding the Space of fix. Months', at the Rate aforesaid. f

A.D. 1795. Anno trice/Imo /exto Georgii III.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty further additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned.

[24th December 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved ro give and grant unto your Majesty the further additional Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;* and be it enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected. and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon every Assessment to be made after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, for or in respect of the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, a further additional Rate or Duty after the Rate of ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the gross Amount of all the said former Rates and Duties charged by such Assessmeiu, except as herein after is

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, colieded, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, upon every Assessment made or to be made fur the Year ending the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety, fix, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, for or in respect of the several Rates and Duties before mentioned, a further additional Rate or Duty after the Rate of ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the gross Amount of all the said former Rates and Duties charged by such Assessment, except as herein after is excepted, to be computed for the Hall Year ending the said fifth Dav of Abril one thousand fe

From April 5, 1796, on every Assessment made under any Act now in force respecting Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for Taxes an additional Duty of 10 per Cent, on the Amount to be paid, except, Arc.

On every such A ffiflrnent made for the Year ending April 5, 1796, the additional Duty of 10L per Cent, to be charged for Half a Year.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act Act not to ex. contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said further additional Rate or Duty of toccrUiir ten Pounds per Centumhy this Act imposed, the Amount of the Duty commonly call The Land Tax, granted uuc*‘

to his Majesty in and by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, dn Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or granted or to be granted by any Act of the present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or that shall or may be granted by any Act or Acts of;

Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax during the Continuance of this Act, nor the Amount of the Rates and Duties after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum upon the gross Amount of certain* assessed Taxes, granted by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned, nor the Amount of the Rates and Duties granted upon Horses by several of the Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, nor any Rate or Duty whatever, to be raised by Assessment by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said further additional Rates and Du- Act to extend ra tics hereby imposed as aforesaid, shall be paid over and above and in Addition to the respective Rates and certain Duties. Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted by two several Acts of the sixth and twenty-fourth Years

of the Reign of his present Majesty, upon inhabited Houses, granted by an Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty, upon Male Servants, granted by an Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, and upon Coaches and other Carriages, granted by two several Acts of the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty;

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners authorized or appoint- Cdmm!/Tioners>

, or who shall be authorized or appointed, to put in Execution the said several Acts before mentioned, re- &c- appointed lative to the said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, on the Amount of which the said additional Rates lormrr*

or Duties are hereby imposed, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act, and that the several Act* relative to Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, respectively appointed, or to be appointed, to put iu Execu- the Duties, u» tien the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall be Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and put in Execu* Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act, according to the respective Powers and Authorities given t,on the Present to them, by the said former Acts, or any of them, and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons afore- Ac^‘ said, bting duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts before mentioned, relative to the:

said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting tin's Act in Execution with relation to the said further additional Rates ot Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner, as they, or any of them, are or is authorized to put in Execution the said former Acts, relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any Mattersr.or i therein respectively contained* -

VI. And-

268

Ci 14.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Periods of paying the additional Duty for the Hall Year ending April 5,

>7S6>

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed for the said Half Year ending on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be paid at the Times and in the Manner following; (that is to say,) on the fifth l3ay of January and the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, by even and equal Portions, and shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be a Charge upon the respective Persons assessed to the Payment of any of the said former Rates and Duties, for the Year ending the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred

which Collec-for> of former Kites may demand without a

RtvvAfiTvflmcM.

and ninety-lix, (except as aforesaid,) and shall be paid by such Persons respectively, at the Times before mentioned; and the respective Collectors, to whom any Assessments for the Year ending

the said fifth Day

of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six shall be delivered for the Purpose of collecting the former Rates or Duties, according to the Directions of the several Acts before mentioned, shall have full Power and

Colic stors by Ma*ch 5, 1796, to ell mite the additional Duty on Assessments for the Year ending April 5, rj796, and certify the same to the Commissioners, Jcc.

Surveyor* to examine Certificates, &c.

After April 5, 1796, the additional Duty to be paid quarterly, and the AflTeflToi s to ascertain the Amount and certify the same to the Commissioners.

Additional Duties to be ascertained, Arc. as former Duties.

Authority to demand, collet, and receive the said additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed for the said Half Year, of and from the Persons respectively charged with the said former Rates anti Duties in Addition thereto, at the rimes and r.i the Manner hereinbefore mentioned, without any new Afltilment to be made for the same, and to give Acquittances in such Manner as is directed by the said Acts, with relation to the said former Rates and Duties.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Colltdtors of the said former Rates and Duties, to whom any AiFilments thereof for the Year ending the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be delivered, shall, on or before the fifth Day of IvJarch one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, estimate and ascertain, according to the bell of their Skill and Judgment, the Amount of the Rate or Duty by this Act imposed upon every such Assessment, and shall, by Writing under their respective Hands, certify the same to one or more of the said Commissioners acting for the respective Divisions or Places in which such AlTdiments shall be made, together with the Names of the several Persons chargeable therewith, and the Amount of the said former Rates and l)utie3 whereon such additional Rate or Duty is by this Act imposed, and shall also trause two Duplicates thereot to be made out and delivered to the said Commissioners in each Division or Place, all which Certificates and Duplicates thereof respectively shall be Pgned by such Commissioner or Commissioners; and the said Duplicates shall be forthwith transnitted to such Persons, and in such and the like Manner, as is directed by the said Acts relative to the said farmer Rates or Duties, or any of them, with respect to the Duplicates of AflcfiT-ments therein mentioned. '. ‘Bj

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Surveyors or Inspectors appointed, or to be appointed, under or by virtue of the said several Acts relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, shall be, and are hereby respectively empowered and required to inspect and examine the Certificates to be made of the said additional Rate or Duty for the said Half Year ending the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, before the Commissioner or Commissioners shall have signed the same, and to alter and amend any such Certificate or Certificates if they, or any of them, shall fee just Cause for so doing; and every Person in whose Custody such Certificate shall be, is hereby required, upon the Requell of any such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to produce the same for Inspection for the Purpose aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of Abril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the said further additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed shall be paid quarterly in each Year, on the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year for the said Duties; (that is to say,) on the filth Day of January, the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October^ in every Year, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be made on the fifth Day ofjufy one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and upon every Assessment to be made after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-lix, under or by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, the AlTeflbrsappointed, or to be appointed, to make such Assessments, and in their Default the respective Surveyors and Inspectors appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall ascertain the Amount of the said further additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed, and shall certify and return the same upon such Assessments to the respective Commissioners authorized to put the said Acts in Execution, at their respective Meetings to be held for returning such Assessments in all and every the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively; which said further additional Rate or Duty, so certified, shall be added to the Amount of the former assessed Rates and Duties, and shall be collected, raised, levied, and received, under the Rules, Regulations, and Directions prescribed by the said former Acts, subject nevertheless to such proportional Increase pr Abatement in the Amount thereof as shall be necessary, in case the said former Rates or Duties io aftefiLd shall be increased or diminished by any Surcharge thereupon, or Appeal therefrom, in pursuance of the said former Acts.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates or Duties by this Act imposed upon the Amount of the several former Rates and Duties as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such general Rules, Methods, and Directions, by which all the former Rates and Duties on the Amt unt of which the said additional Rates or Duties are by this Act imposed, or according to such special Rules, Methods, and Directions, by which such of the former Rates and Duties, upon the Amount of which any of the said additional Rates or Duties may be chargeable by virtue of this Act, were or might be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except'as far as any of the said Rules, Methods, and Di red ions, are expressly varied by this Act; and ail and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to the said former Rates and Duties, or any of

p

U

them

D

795

tricesimo

C. 14, 15

269

5

1

them now in force, and not hereby otherwise provided for the computirg, surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the said Rates and Duties by any former Acts granted, as far as the same are. applicable to the additional Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, and not repugnant to the particular Directions of this Act, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, praChfcJ, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom 0{Great Britain, for computing, surcharging, recovering, paving, and accounting for the several additional Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and

Dut:es, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall, from Time to Time,

be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the Duty hereby ranted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the urpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts afled or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten cars next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public

Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. XV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty New Duties on certain Horses, not charged with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules.

[24th December 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, 4 and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oqcafioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act for that Purpose to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the new Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beierch your Majesty that it may be enadLd;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,a;id by the Aucno-rity of the same', Thar, fio n and after the fifth Day of dpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not charged with any Duty by the (cvcral Acts palleJ in the twenty fourth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign or h»s present Majesty, or either of them, or by any Act to be p itted in this Session of Parliament, on Horses kept and used for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage, therein respectively mentioned, and for every Mule, a Duty of Shillings to be the Owner.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better aflcifing, levying, collecting, and paying, the before-mentioned Duties by this Act imposed, the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall be hereafter authorized or appointed, for putting in Execution the Acts relative to the present Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, and inhabited Houses, or any other Duties placed under the Management of the Com-rnitlioners for the Aftairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act, with relation to the aforesaid Duties, and the Powers herein contained, in ail and singular the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, ( owns, and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors respectively, appointed put in Execution the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall be Surveyors, lnfj>edtors, Alfirifois, and Collectors, to put. in Execution this present Act, according to the respective Powers and Authorities given to them by the said former Acts, or any of them; and the said Commissioners, and other t -e Pet Tons aforesaid, being duly qtialined to act in the Execution of the said several Acts before mentioned, rj.ative to the said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby reflectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the aforesaid Rites or Duties hereby imposed, in the like and id as full and ample a Manner, as they or any of them are or is authorized to put in Execution the said former Acts, relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any

Duties so he carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Duties to be applied for defraying the increased Clarke occasioned by any ixwm of th.s Session, and for ten Years, to be kept with otlur Duties granted for the same Purpose separate tro.ii other

Monies.

Two Shillings

to be paid annually for every Horse not chargeable under 24 Geo III. Cap. 31. ori9

Geo. III. C.i4>. 49. or by any Act of this Session, and for every Mule.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioner* ior Taxes;

and the Surveyors, Arc. under bclore-mentioned A els, to put this in Execution../

Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

III. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Duties so to be attetted under this Act shall be paid quarterly, at the Times and in the Manner following; (that is to say,) -on the fifth Day of January, the w a Y l^e Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by equal Portions;

vhc hilt of the said Payments to be made on the filth Day of Ttf/V.one thousand seven hundred and ninery- fix.

Duties to be paid quarterly.

270

C. 15.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Assessors to give Notice to the Parties to prepare Lists of Horses kept in the Course of the Year ending the preceding 5th of April) liable to the present or former Duties, and of fuel) as are claimed to be exempted.

Lists to be signed and delivered to the Assessors.

If Lifts be not delivered, the Assessors to assess the Defaulters from the heft Information obtained, which shall be final, unless

Proof be made of

Absence, Arc. Assessors not to

be bound by Lists delivered, but may fur-charge Oiniffions.

Persons not delivering Lifts to Assessors to forfeit 101.

Application of Forfeiture.

Surcharges for Omissions to be double the Duty, and the Persons making them entitled to a Moiety.

Duties to be af-cerraintd, &c.as formtr Duties.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid, shall, within fourteen Days after such their Appointment, yearly give or leave Notice in Writing, to or for every Person keeping any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not charged with any other Duty as aforesaid, or any Mule, within the Limits of the Places for which such Assessors are to act, at his or her Dwelling House or Place of Abode, to prepare and produce, within the Space of fourteen Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, one Lift, in Writing, which List in Writing, (over and beftdes the Number of Horses, Carriages, and Servants, liable to the Duties on Horses, Carriages, and Servants, respectively, and of the Persons residing or inhabiting in any such Dwelling House, who shall have worn or tiled Hair Powder,) shall contain the greatest Number of Hories, Mares, and Geldings, not charged as aforesaid, and also of Mules, of whatever Age, and whether in Use or not, by him or her had or kept in the Course of the Year, ending on such preceding fifth Day* of April as aforesaid, distinguishing therein the Number of such Horses, Marcs, Geldings, and Mules, liable to the Duty of two Shillings hereby imposed; and the Number of Horses kept and used by him or her, for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of Drawing, liable to the said former Duties, and upon which additional Duties are by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament imposed, and also such Horses, Mares, and Geldings, as are claimed to be exempted from the said Duty by the particular Provisions of this Act; and every such Person shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out the said Lift accordingly, and sign the same with his or her own Hand, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such Assessor or Assessors, at any Time after the Expiration of fourteen Days from the said Notice being given, when he or they shall call for the same, or in Default thereof, shall leave the same at the Place mentioned in the said Notice, as the Abode of any of the Assessors, within ten Days after such Assessor or Assessors shall have so called for the same; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver, such List within the Time before mentioned, then such Assessor or Assessors shall, from the bell Information he or they can obtain, make an Assessment upon such Person so refilling or neglecting, for or in respect of every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, kept by him or her as aforesaid; and every such Assessment so made upon any such Neglect or Refusal, shall- be final and conclusive upon the Person thereby charged, who shall not be at Liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such Person shall prove that he or she was not at ids or her Dwelling House or Place of Abode at the Time of the Delivery of such Notice, nor between that Day and the Time limited for delivering such List as aforesaid to the Assessors, or unless such Person shall allege and prove such other Excuse for not having delivered his or her Lift as the Commissioners for executing this Act shall in their Judgment think reasonable and sufficient.

V. And be it further enacted, That such Assessors as aforesaid shall not be bound by such Lists as shall be delivered to them respectively, in pursuance of this Act, but shall be at Liberty, if they shall find upon due Examination that any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, liable to the Duties by this Act imposed, is omitted, to surcharge the same, and make a true Assessment upon every Person within their respective Districts of the real Number of such Cattle kept by each such Person.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person liable under the Directions hereinbefore contained to deliver such List as aforesaid to the Assessor or Assessors, shall refuse or neglect, within the Time hereinbefore prescribed, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such List to such Assessor or Assessors, he or she, so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered by Action or Information in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, and for Offences committed in Scotland, in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, in which Action or Information no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Assessor or Surveyor or Inspector shall make

a Surcharge upon any Person for or in respect of any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, omitted to be inserted in any such List, such Surcharge shall be made after the Rate of double the Duty for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, so omitted, and the Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector, so making such Surcharge, shall be and is hereby entitled to, and shall have and receive for his own Use, one Moiety of the Sum charged by every Surcharge which shall be justly made upon any such List.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates or Duties by this Act imposed shall and may be ascertained, managed, collected, paid; recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such general Rules, Methods, and Directions, by which the Rates and Duties on Horses kept and used for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of Drawing, are or may be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said Rules, Methods, and Directions, are expressly varied by this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, Contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, relative to the said Rates and Duties on Horses kept and used for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them now in force, and not hereby otherwise provided for the surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the said Rates and Duties by any former Acts granted, as far as the same are applicable to the Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, and not repugnant to the particular Directions of this Act, shall be in full Force, and duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

3

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 15,16.

271

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said Duties, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, let to Hire for travelling Port by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or let to Hire for a Day or less Period of Time, by any Post-master. Innkeeper, or other Person licensed for that Purpose by the Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Horse, Marc, or Gelding, under the Height of thirteen Hands, of four Inches to each Hand, nor to any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which shall not at any Time whatever, preceding the Tune of*making the Assessment for that Year, have been ridden, or used as a Draught Horse, or for the Purpose of carrying any iiurthen, and of which Horses, Mares, or Geldings, an Account shall be given as herein is mentioned, at the Time of the Delivery of Lists of Horses liable to the said Duties; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, notwithstanding any Claim of Exemption from the said Duty by virtue of this Act, shall be enumerated and included in the Lists of the Number of Horses kept by any Person, and required to be made and returned annually, as herein is mentioned, under the T itle of Hoifes exempted from Duty; and that the Owner or Owners thereof shall, upon Demand made, produce, or cause to be produced, such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, to the Assessor or A fie (Tors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, of the said Duty, or at any Meeting of the Commissioners for putting the several Acts relative to the several Duties on Horses, or any of them, in Execution, to be ad-measured or otherwise examined, as the Case may require, respecting all or any of the Particulars before mentioned; and if the said Owner or Owners shall neglect or refuse, on Demand being made, to produce such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for which such Exemption as aforesaid shall be claimed to the Afielior or Aflefi*-ors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, of the said Rate or Duty, or to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, to be admeasured or otherwise examined as the Case may require, or if upon such Admeasurement or Examination, such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall not be found to be within the particular Exemption claimed as aforesaid, every such Owner or Owners shall be liable to and shall be surcharged with double the said Rate or Duty by this Act imposed on every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, kept as aforesaid, and shall not be relieved from such Surcharge, or any Part thereof, unless it shall be made appear to the said Commissioners, by Examination on Oath, on Appeal before them, that such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for which such Exemption is claimed, was duly inserted in the Lift delivered of Horses kept by such Owner or Owners, according to the Directions of this Act, and that such Owner or Owners ought not to have been rated or assessed for such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt or his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising, or to arise, of the said Duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or to be passed, in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Recipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Horses kept for the

Purpose of Riding, or drawing certain Carriages, therein mentioned.

December 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Britain in Parliament af-s Public Expences, and

making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc-

cafioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session

of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional Du- ties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties following; (that is to lay),

36 Geo. III. Nn That

A A not to extend to Horse* Jet for Hire by hccnftd Perfoi

r.or to Horses

'-9 "

under 13 Hands, or not having been ridden, or used for Draught.

Horses for whom Exemption is claimed to be included in Life, and on Demand to be produced for Examination, and if not produced, or if. found not to be

exempted, the

Owner to be surcharged double the Duty.

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan of this Section, and for ten Years, with other Duties granted for the same Purpose, kept separate from other Monies.

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great

(enabled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’

2/2

Additional

Duties.

Duties to be under the Mali agon lent of the Coromi/Tioners for Taxes, &c.

Duties to be ascertaintd as former Duties on Horses, and the A6s relating to them, to extend to this Act.

24 Geo. III. Csp- 31.29ceo.

111. Cap. 49. and this Act, net to extend *.o charge any Non-contiruflioned Officers and Privates of Yeoman Cavalry, for keeping one Hoise, (tc.

C. 16.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

w

That every Person who shall keep and use any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise, or any other Carriage, by whatever Name such Carriage is now or hereafter may be called or known, (for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of the Excise, and now transferred to and under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes is payable,) shall be charged with the further additional Annual Duty of ten Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, or Gelding:

That every Person who shall keep two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other such Carriage as a fore said, by whatsoever Name such Carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with a further additional annual Duty of five Shillings for one of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings:

'That every Person who shall keep and use three, four, or five Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other such Carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever Name such Carriage now is or hereafter may be called of known, shall be charged with a further additional Duty of seven Shillings and six Pence for eaclv such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exceeding the Number of one:

That every Person who shall keep and use fix or more Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other such Carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever Name such Carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with a further additional Annual Duty of ten Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exceeding the Number of one.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better aflefSng, levying, collecting, and paying, the before-mentioned Duties by this Act imposed, the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall be hereafter authorized or appointed, for putting in Execution the Acts relative to the present Duties on Houses and Windows or Lights, and inhabited Houses, or any other Duties placed under the Management of the Commilimners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act with relation to the aforesaid Duties, and the Powers herein contained, in all and singular the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, re-fpcvSlively appointed to put in Execution the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall be Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act according to the respective Powers and Authorities given to them by the said former Acts, or any of them; and the said commissioners and other the Persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts before mentioned, relative to the said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the aforesaid Rates or Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and 3mple a Manner, as they or any of them are or is authorized to put in Execution the said former Acts relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

III. And be it fui ther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates or Dufies before mentioned, shall and may be respectively ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, at such Times and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such general Rules, Methods, and Directions, and subject to such Provisoes and Exemptions by which the former Rates and Duties on Horses were or might be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for j and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to the said former Rates and Duties on Horses, or any of them, now in Force, for the surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the said Rates and Duties by any former ACis granted, as far as the same are applicable to the Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, and not repugnant to the particular Directions of this Act, shall be in fall Force, and duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act. V i g jBg jH

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Horses, Marcs, and Geldings, kept and used for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage therein mentioned, or in this Act, or any of them, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties by the said several Acts, or any of them, imposed, any Non-commissioned Officer or effective Private Man, ierving in any Regiment, Corps, or "Troop, of Yeomanry Cavalry, raised by virtue-

or Gekiing, kept and used by them reflectively for the Purposes aforesaid, or either of them; but that every such Non-commissioned Officer and effective Private Man respectively, keeping one such Horse, Mare, or Gelding only, shall be wholly exempt from the said Duties during his Continuance in the said Service; and that every such Non commidioned Officer and Private Man respectively, keeping more than one such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall, during his Continuance in such Service, be assessed and charged according to the Rates in the said several Acts and this Act prescribed, for one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, less than the N am-

i ber

273

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 16, 17.

_. 9

her of Horses, Marcs, or Geldings, by him kept and used as aforesaid; any Thing therein respective'ly contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in order to exempt the Non-commissioned Officers

missioned Officers and effective Private Men, containing their respective Names and Places of Abode, who shall, for the Space of six Weeks immediately preceding the Date of such Certificate, have punctually attended at all such Places as shall have been agreed upon for the Exercise of such Regiment, Corps, or Troop; and that such Certificate, signed by such Commanding Officer, shall be delivered to the Surveyor of the said Duties acting for the District where such Regiment, Corps, or Troop shall serve, with an Affidavit annexed

Survey

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person occupying a Farm, the Relit of which shall be left than ;venty Pounds a Year and making a Livelihood solely thereby, shall be chargeable wrh any of the Duties

seventy

by this Act imposed for or on Account of any llor'e, Mare, or Gelding, being occasionally used in riding, and that no Person occupying his own Efhitc solely, or his own Eflau* together with a Farm, the Value of which, in the Whole, shall be less than equivalent 10 a ('arm of the Relit of seventy Pounds a Year, (reckoning the Value of every such Estate occupied by the Owner thereof as equivalent to double the like Amount of the Relit of any rented Farm,) and making a Livelihood solely by such Estate, or by such Estate and Farm jointly, shall be chargeable with any of the Duties imposed, either by this Act, or by the said several Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth of his present Majesty, for or on Account of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, being occasionally used in riding, provided in evciy such Case respectively, that such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, be bona fide kept and usually employed for the Purposes of Husbandry; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or in this Act, to die contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties before mentioned, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated fund.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising, or to arise, of the several Duties before mentioned, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan, by virtue of any Act or Acts nafTcd, or to be passed, in this Session of Parliament, and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Hens or Succdiors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences to Persons using or exercising the Business of an Horse Dealer, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

[24th December 171/5.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it isexpedient to repeal the Duties imposed, by an Act of the tweny-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Persons using and exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, and who shall take out a Licence to use and exercise the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof; we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, as well for the Purpose aforesaid as towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose, in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;' and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Duties on Persons using and exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, and who shall take out a Licence to use and exercise the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, imposed by an Act of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering of any Arrears, which may remain unpaid, of the said Duties on Licences hereby repealed, cad to the accounting for the same; and save and except all Licences granted and in force at and immediately HE Uhi iR 1* N n 2 before

Commanding Officers of such Yeomen Cava!, ry, to make out a Certificate annually before April iof of what Non-commi (Honed Officers and Pu-vates have attended lixerc.fe the preceding six Weeks, to be delivered toths cr for the D.Aritf-

Persons renting Farms under 701. per Ann. or occupying their own EfUtts solely or with Farms, together under 701. per Arji. not liable to Duty lor Horses cccaftonally uled for riding.

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Dirties to be applied in defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any l oan of this Session, and for ten Years, with other Duties granted for the same Purpose, to be kept separate horn all other Monies.

Present Duties on Licences to Horse Dealer* to cease.

274

Horse Dealers in

London, &c. to pay an annual Licence Duty of 201; and without London,

Sec. xol.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners for Stamps.

Two Cenunif-iiontrs may grant Licences, &c.

Period of Licences.

Licences to be renewed ten Days before Expiration.

One Licence suffi-ient for Partners.

Licence to be confined to the Place mentioned therein.

The Words Li-confed. Sec. to be put on Places licensed for Sale of Horses, on Penalty of jol.

Persons dealing ifl Horses after Jan. 1, 1796, not having a Licence now in force, without a Licence agreeable to this Act, L<Xk to the

C. 17.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

before the passing of this Act; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted, and the Rules and Regulations established and prescribed by the said Act, in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying, the said Duties on Licences, and all Penalties aifd Forfeitures in respect thereof, shall cease and determine, save and except any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any Time before, the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person using and exftciiing the Trade or Business of an Horse

Dealer within the City of London, or the City or Liberties of Westminster, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone or Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, or the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, and who shall take out a Licence to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and that every Person using and exercising the said Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer without the City of London, the City and Liberties of Westmin fte r, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary~le~bone and Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, and who shall take out a Licence to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, shall yield and pay annually to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of ten Pounds.

III. And, for the better and more effectually raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the said Duties hereby granted on Licences, be it enacted, That the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as shall be necessary, and to provide and use such Marks or Stamps as they shall think fit, to denote the Duties, and to repair, renew, and alter the same, from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, and to do all other Matters and Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any of the Laws now in being concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, or any three or more of them, shall grant Licences to such Persons who shall use and exercise the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, in any City, Town, or other Place, within Great Britain, to use and exercise the same within such City, Town, or Place, for any Space of Time as herein after mentioned, not exceeding one Year and every such Licence shall ceale and determine on the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year for which the same shall be issued; and every such Licence taken out for the Year in which the same shall be issued, shall be in Force until and upon the twenty-ninth Day of September then next following, and shall commence from the Date thereof; and every such Licence taken out for any Year subsequent to the Year in which the same shall be issued, shall commence from the twenty-ninth Day of September then next ensuing, and continue in Force until and upon the twenty-ninth Day of September in the succeeding Year and that every such Person shall take outafrefh Licence for another Year, ten Days at lead before the Expiration of that Year for which he shall have been licensed, if he shall continue to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer; and shall in like Manner renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due on such Licence, as long as he shall continue to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer.

V. And be it further enacted, That Persons carrying on their Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer in Partnership, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence, in any one Year, for carrying on such Trade or Business; and that no one Licence, which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorize or empower any Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to keep any Horse or Horses for Sale in any other City, Town, or Place, than the City, Town, or Place, which shall be mentioned in such Licence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, and who shall have taken out a Licence for that Purpose, shall cause the Words Licensed to deal in Horfis, to be painted or written in large and legible Characters, either on a Sign hung out, or on some visible Place in the Front of his or their House, Gateway, or Stables, at the respective Places at which he or they keep such Horses for Sale, to denote that such Person is a Dealer in Horses, and licensed for that Purpose; and if any Person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to fell any Horse, without fixing or hanging out such Token as aforesaid, every licensed Horse Dealer so offending mall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum often Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or Information, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster for Offences committed in England, and for Offences committed in Scotland, in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh; to be paid, one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person using or exercising the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, (not having a Licence to use or exercise the said Trade and Business under the Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and in force), who shall, after the first Day of jfanuary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, carry on the said Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, without having obtained a Licence for that Purpose under the Directions of this Act, shall be liable to be afleiled to all and every the Duties imposed by the Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament, on Horses used for die Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage, in the said Acts or any of them mentioned,

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 17, 18.

for the greatest Number of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, kept by such Dealer in Horses at any one Time. within the Year, for which a List is directed by the said teveral Acts, or this Act, to be delivered, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said last mentioned Duties are therein, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, directed to be assessed; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures for not delivering Lists of such Horses, and all Powers of correcting and amending such Lists, and of surcharging the same, shall extend and be applied to all such Dealers in Horses, not being licensed as aforesaid, as amply and fully as to any other Person or Persons whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the several Powers, Rules, Directions, and Provisions, contained in the Act of the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in relation to Licences granted to Persons using and exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, shall continue and be in full Force in relation to Licences to be granted to Persons uling and exercising the said Trade and Business under or by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising from the said Duties herein* before granted on Licences, and all Arrears of the Rates and Duties hereby repealed, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being deducted) into his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster, at such Time and in such Manner as the other Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are dirtdled to be paid, and the same shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, out of the Monies that shall be paid into the said Receipt of the said Duties on Licences hereby imposed, and Arrears of Duties hereby repealed, one Moiety of the Duties hereby repealed shall quarterly, on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, during the Period of ten Years, be set apart from the other Moiety of the said Monies; and that, alter setting apart at the End of each such Quarter, one Moiety of the said Monies arising or toarifeof the said Duties by this Act imposed, the other Moiety, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made by virtue of any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that trie said last mentioned Moiety of the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distmdily and apart from all other Branches of the PubJia Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept, at the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which the said last mentioned Moiety of the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates or Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, on any Account whatever.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thine done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the F act committed, and not afterwards, and shall do laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and notelfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any T rial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have T reble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any. Defendant hath in other Cales to recover Costs by Law.

CAP. XVIII. - V -

An Act for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar.

[24th December 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous of making Provision for raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such Addition to the Ptbli; Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and being of Opinion that ic is expedient, under the present Cipcum-stance«, that the Drawbacks and Bounties, now payable by Law on the Exportation of Sugar, should be reduced; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's fnoft Excellent Majesty, by 3nd with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tv/cntieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, of the Drawbacks now allowed by Law on the Exportation from Great Britain of any Sugar, in the same State in which it was imported from Foreign Parts, four Shillings for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar shall cease, determine, ard be no longer paid or payable to the Exporter or Exporters thereof: That, from and after the thirty-first Uiyot January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, of the Drawbacks or Bounties now allowed by

8 Law

275

Duties on Riding or Carriage fiorlts.

Powers of 19 Geo. III. Cap. 49. in relation to Licences to deal in Horses, to extend to this Act.

Duties to be paid to the Receiver General of Stamps, and by him into the Exchequer.

Moiety of Duties to be Art apart for 10 Years, and the other Moiety to be applied in defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan of ihil Session, &c.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue*

Treble Colli.

Part of present

Drawl acks on Exportation of Su^ar to cease from certain Per.ods.

276

C.»i8, 1 g. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

A £> rot to extend to Sugar exported to Ireland in the Starc it was imported into Great Britain

Out of the Duties on Sugar a S um to be set apart quarterly for jo Years, and the Re-' mainder, with other Duties granted forpzy ing any increas. (d Charge occasioned by any Loan of this. Srflion, kept Separate from wtiivr Monies.

Law on the Exportation from Great Britain of any Refined Sugar called Bafiards, or any Ground or Powdered Sugir, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, or Sugar called Cindy, four Shillings for each and every Hundred \\ eight of such Sugar shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the Exporter or exporters thereof: And that, from and after the said thiny-first Day of January one thousand fe— veu hundred and ninety-six, of the Drawbacks or Bounties* now allowed by Law on the Exportation from Great Britain of any other Refined Sugar, seven Shillings for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar (had cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the Exporter or Exporters thereof: Provided aiways, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to reduce the Drawback now allowed by Law on Sugar exported to Ireland, in the same State in which it was imported into Great Britain from I’ oreign Parts.

% V. - v m g*. p

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Duties upon Sugar imported into Great Britain, the Sum of two hundred and eighty thousand and twenty-n.nc Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny, being one fourth Part of the Sum of one million one hundred and twenty thousand one hundred and nineteen I ounds fourteen Shillings and ten Pence, the Annual Average Produce for three Years, ending the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, of the said Rates and Duties upon Sugar, shall quarterly, on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of /fpril, the fifth Day of Jtdy, and the tenth Day of October, in every. Year, during the Period of ten \ ears, be set apart from the Remainder of the Monies arising from the said

When Reduction of Diaw-Hack shall take place.

From Jan. 5. 1796, the Allowances for Wade of White or Rock Salt can ied CoatL wife to cease.

Duties on White and Rock Salt, and on I-'orcirn Sait imported, to be paid as

Irercin fpt wried.

ccipt, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the

of any Act or Acts Office of the Audi-

4r -., r the kid Remainder

of the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates or Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Reduction of Drawbacks and Bounties, directed by this Act to be made upon the Exportation from Great Britain of any Sugar of the several Descriptions herein mentioned, shall apply, take Efieft, and be put in Execution, on all such Sugar which shall be shipped or laden on board any Ship in Great Britain at any Time after the twentieth Day of December one themfand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the thirty-first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, respectively. ! r j

CAP. XIX.

An Act for determining the present Allowances for Wade on Salt carried Coastwise, and for reducing the rd'peftive Times of Payment of the Duties on Salt,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[24th December 1795.]

: W HBI

ponces, and of making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose tc

the increased

# #, to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved, that certain Allowances now made for jn(\^ wiui* —1 u__________»_ :/.i ?/-_ c J _ _ n g r r? /, Port of

determine

espective Times now allowed by Law for the Payment of the Duties on Salt be reduced, whereby a considerable Saving will be made in your Majesty's Revenue on Salt; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

Parlia-'

sand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Allowances now made, or directed to be made, by Law for Wade, to Persons who shall ship any White Salt or Rock Salt to be carried Coadwifeas aforesaid, shall cease and determine; and that then and from thenceforth all the Powers, Rules, and Directions, for making, ascertaining, and paying, such Allowances contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall also cease and determine.

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present incut attembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of January 01

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by the former Laws relating to the Duties on Salr, the Eime for Payment of the Duties on White Salt is appointed to be nine Months, there shall be allowed three Months and no more; and where the Time for the Payment of the Duties on Rock Salt is appointed to be twelve Months, there shall be allowed four Months and no more; and where the Time for Payment of the Duties on Foreign Salt imported, is appointed to be six Months, there shall be allowed two Months

Z77

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 19, 20.

and no more; and that the Securities and Discount for Prompt Payment, after the said fifth Day of January oncthousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be regulated accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies arising by the Duties on Salt, after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Sum of eight thousand Pounds, being one fourth Part of the Sum of thirty-two thousand Pounds, the annual Average Produce upon an Account taken for three Years, ending the fifth Day of Apri\ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, of the Monies paid on Account of Allowances for Waste, and of the Difference between the Discount heretofore allowed, by reason of the Length of Time given for Payment thereof, and that which is provided by this Act, shall quarterly, on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, during the Period of ten Years next ensuing, be set apart from the Remainder of the said Monies, and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept at the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which the said Quarterly Sums directed to be set apart from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying fuel) increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, on any Account whatever.

CAP. XX.

An Act to continue, for a further limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Lime, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Hour, or Bran *, and for permitting Home-made Spirits, depofiled in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of Duly; and to prohibit the Dilt illa-tien of Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes.

[24th December 1795.]

WHEREAS the Act herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and is

near expiring; And whereas it is expedient to prevent the Distillation of Spirits from

Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar, and also from Potatoes: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Loiv Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, depofiled in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for licme Consump-tisn, on Payment of Duty, shall be, and the lame is hereby further continued until the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the eighteenth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninty-five in that Part of Great Britain called England, and from and after the twenty-second Day of Dt^/7/^rr one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ail and singular the Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and T hings, contained, provided, settled, or established, in or by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit the Distillation of Low Win?s or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bran, or any Mixture therewith respectively, shall extend, and shall be deemed and construed to extend, to the brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling, of Low Wines and Spirits respectively, from Melasses of the Manufacture ol this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes, or any Mixture with the same respectively, and to all and every Person and Persons who shall brew, make, prepare, extract, or distil, Low Wines or Spirits respectively from Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar, or from Potatoes, or any Mixture with the same respectively; and that the said Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, shall be used, applied, practised, and put in Execution, against the making, preparing, extracting, and distilling, of Low Wines and Spirits respectively, from Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar, or from Potatoes, or any Mixture with the same respectively, and to all and every Person and Persons who shall brew, make, prepare, extract, or distil, Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes, or any Mixture with the same respectively, as fully and amply as if the same had been expressly provided in and by the said Act.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject any entered Distiller to the Penalty of five hundred Pounds, for or by reason of his extracting or distilling any Low Wines or Spirits from any Wash openly brewed in his entered Distillery from Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar, or from Potatoes, on or before the fourteenth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, in that Panel Great Britain called England, or on or before the twenty-second Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; any Thing in the said recited Act or *auus Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

3

Out of the Salt

Duties a Sum to be set apart quarterly for 10 Years, and, with other Duties granted for paying any inorcaf- Charge occasioned by any Loan of this Session, kept separate from other Monies.

35 Geo. III. Cap. nj. continued tilL

Feb. x, 1797.

The Provisions of before-mentioned t<v extend to distilling from Melasses of tins Kingdom, Sugar, or Potatoes.

Not to extend to distilling from Walh brtAved f om Melasses, &c.

IV. And j

,278-

I I

Distillcrsjduring the Continuance of this Act!, having in their Possession (except io Places for Distillation) more than a certain Quantity of Metafiles or Potatoes, liaUe to Penalty.

Not to extend to Potatoes kept for the Consumption of the Family, or of the Growth of the Distiller, if due Notice he given to the Excise Officer.

On Oath of Ground of Suspicion that more than the allowed Quantity of Melasses or Potatoes is kept in any Storehoufr, Stc. Officers of Excise and others may be authorized to search, and may seize th? Surplus, and the Person in whose Custody found liable to Penalty.

Poors may be

broke open.

Proof of Me LaiUs being of this Kingdom, to lie on the Claimer.

ContJa&s for Delivery of Me-laflcs, Sugar, or Potatoes, during the Continuance of this Act!, void.

Comrr.issioners oi Ixcifc in

C. 20. Anno tricesimo sexto GEORGII III. A.D. 1795.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, for Sale or Exportation, shall, after the eighteenth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and from and after the twenty-second Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons in Trust or for the Use or Benefit of such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, more than ten Pounds Weight of such Melasses, or more than twenty Bushels of Potatoes, at any one Time, in any one or more Place or Places, (not being a Place or Places for preparing, brewing, making, extracting, distilling, or keeping Wort or Wash, Low Wines or Spirits,) every such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low VVmes or Spirits, shall foi every such Offence respectively forfeit all such Melasses and Potatoes respectively, and also the Sum of one hundred Pounds for such Melasses, and the Sum of ten Pounds for every Bushel of Potatoes.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend to prohibit any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits from having or keeping in his or her Possession, any Quantity of Potatoes for the necessary Consumption of his or her Family, or being of the Growth of such Distiller or Maker respectively, provided that Notice shall be given to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Distiller or Maker shall then be, of the Place or Places of growing such Potatoes of the Growth of such Distiller or Maker respectively, on or before the thirtieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety five in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the filth Day of January one thousand seven hundred a«ul ninety-six in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

% 0

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any other Person or Persons, shall at any Time or Times have Cause to suspect that any such Melasses exceeding the said Quantity of ten Pounds Weight, or any Potatoes exceeding the said Quantity of twenty Bushels, shall be laid or kept in any Storehouse, Warehouse, or other Place or Places, belonging to any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, contrary to the triie Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers, or any other Person or Persons, before the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being respectively, or any two or more of them, or before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, residing near the Place where such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall suspect the same to be laid and kept, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall make Oath as aforesaid, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant, under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, by Day or by Night, but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every Storehouse, Warehouse, or other Place or Places where he or they shall so suspect that any such Melasses exceeding the said Quantity of ten Pounds Weight, or any Potatoes exceeding the said Quantity of twenty Bushels as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, and to seize, take, and carry away, all such Melasses exceeding the said Quantity of ten Pounds Weight, and such Potatoes exceeding the said Quantity of twenty Bushels, as he or they shall so find, together with all the Vessels, Sacks, Bags, or other Things wherein the same shall be contained; and such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or other Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Melasses exceeding the said Quantity of ten Pounds Weight, or such Potatoes exceeding the said Quantity of twenty Bushels, as aforesaid, belonging to such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers shall be found, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds for such Melasses exceeding the said Quantity of ten Pounds Weight, and the Sum of ten Pounds for every Bushel of such Potatoes exceeding the said Quantity of twenty Bushels; and the said Officer or Officers, and other Person or Persons, is and are hereby empowered by such Warrant, together with such other Person or Persons as he or they shall take to his or their Afixftance, to enter into such Store-houses, Warehouses, and other Place or Places, and break open the Doors thereof, in case they be not forthwith opened on Demand.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Question shall arise, whether any Melasses is really and bona fide Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, (although such Melasses should appear to have been entered or kept in the Officers Books, as being of such Sort,) the Proof of the Fait of such Melasses being really and bona fide not Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Melasses, or on the Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits sued or prosecuted in respectthereof; such Proof to be by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, being skilful and experienced Persons, competent to decide by Examination thereof, and having a certain Knowledge of the

Fait.

VIII. And whereas there may have been Contrails made by or with Distillers for Britfo-made Spirits from Melasses, for Melasses or Sugar or Potatoes to be delivered and received at future Times after the eighteenth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Contrails or Bargains so made by or with any such Distiller or Di-ftillers, for any such Spirits, Melasses, or Sugar or Potatoes, to be delivered at any l'rme during the Continuance of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be null and void.

IX. And whereas by divers Laws now in force, certain annual Duties are imposed upon Stills used for distilling Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, in Proportion to the Contents of such Stills: And whereas it is

ix 4 teaiofubla

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo Texto GEORGII III. C. 20, 21.

‘ reasonable that an Allowance should be made for such Part of the usual Season for distilling during which they may be prevented from working in consequence of this Act;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or any four of them, to make such Allowances to the Persons taking out such Licences respectively, as shall appear to the said Commissioners, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, to be reasonable.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Part of this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

279

Scotland to make an Allowance of the Duties on Stilt*, for the Time they are prevented working.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

CAP. XXL

An Act for allowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, or other Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

[24th December 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Encouragement should be given for a limited Time to the Importa-tien into this Kingdom, of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Rye; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, for all Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Rye, imported or brought into this Kingdom in British Ships or Vessels, or in Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, however the same may be navigated, there shall be paid and allowed the following Bounties; to

A Bounty of twenty Shillings per Quarter on every Quarter of Wheat, weighing not less than four hundred and forty Pounds Weight avoirdupois; and a Bounty of sixteen Shillings per Quarter on every Quarter of Wheat weighing not less than four hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight avoirdupois; and a Bounty of six Shillings for every Hundred Weight avoirdupois of Wheat Flour, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any Port of Europe South of Cape Finisterre, or from any Port in the Mediterranean, or in Africa, before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until the Quantity of such Wheat and Flour, taken together, shall amount unto four hundred thousand Quarters, estimating two hundred Weight and an half avoirdupois of Wheat Flour to be equal to one Quarter of Wheat: -. 1

to 1>C

paid on Importation, before Sept. 30, 1796, of Wheat, Acc.

~ in British Vef-

fcls, or Veflch belonging to States in Amity with his Majesty.

Bounties on a certain Quantity of Wheat and Wheat Flour, from Europe, South of Cape. Finisterre, from the Mediterranean, or Africa.

dred ter c

ghing

tig not lets than tour nunarea and twenty-rour rounds weight /woirdunt igs and six Pence for every Hundred Weight avoirdupois of Wheat FI Great Britain from any other Part of Eurofte. not being a Part of his Ada

our, which Majesty's Dominions,

Qua

eftirr

iporteu into \jreai nrnam irom any other ran or r.uropey not Deing a ran or ms majeiry s ivo-before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until the

on a certain Quantity of Wheat, &c. from any other Fart of Europe, out of his Ma-jt sty's Dominions.

W heat:

A Bounty of twenty

dred and forty Pounds iai ter of h

Shillings per Quarter on every Quarter of Wheat, weighing Weight Avoirdupoise: and a Bounty of sixteen Shillings

not less than four hun-Quarter on every

eat, weighing not less than four hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight avoirdupois; and 1 Shillings for every Hundred Weight avoirdupois of Wheat Flour, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, or from the United States, before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until the Quantity of such 'Wheat and Flour, taken together, shall amount unto five hundred thousand Quarters, estimating two hundred Weight and an Half avoirdupois of Wheat Flour to be equal to one Quarter of Wheat A Bounty of ten Shillings Per Quarter on every Quarter of Wheat, weighing not less thai

_ ng not less than four hundred and forty Pounds Weight avoirdupois; and a Bounty of eight Shillings per Quarter on every Quarter of \\Theat, weighing not less than four hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight avoirdupois; and a Bounty

into Great

I jf -IUU 1 UUI1U9 f f vl^iH j OA1VJ U JL

upoife of Wheat Flour, which shall be imported

Oo (

Bounties on a certain Quantity of Wheat, &c. from his Majesty's Colonies in America, or the United States.

Bounties on Wheat, &c. eitcecdinj the Quantities before mentioncik

28o

C. 21.

Founties on a certain Quantity of Indian Corn and Meal;

and on those /\rtteles exceeding that Quantity.

Founties on a certain Quantity of Rye,

and exceeding that Quantity.

Rounds to l-e under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs.

Entry to be made with the Officer of the Customs at the Port of importation* Sec.

Importation to entitle to Dcun-ties mud be at certain Ports,

Articles imported to be inspected by the Officers and two ikilful Persons, who are to certify whether they areef due Weight and

Recompence to the Inspectors.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Great Britain^ before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, exceeding the Quantities to which the before-mentioned Bounties are limited:

A Bounty of five Shillings per Quarter for every Quarter of Indian Corn; and a Bounty of one Shilling and fix Fence for every Hundred Weight Avoirdupoite of Indian Meal, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until the Quantity of such Indian Corn and Meal, taken together, shall amount unto five hundred thousand Quarters, estimating three hundred Weight and an Half avoirdupois of Indian Meal to be equal to one Quarter of Indian Corn; and a Bounty of three Shillings per Quarter for every Quarter of Indian Corn; and a Bounty of one Shilling for every Hundred Weight avoirdupois of Indian Meal, which shall be imported or broi ght into Great Britain before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, exceeding the Quantities to which the before-mentioned Bounties are limited, estimating three hundred Weight and an Half avoirdupois of Indian Meal to be equal to one Quarter of Indian Corn:

A Bounty of ten Shillings per Quarter for every Quarter of Rye, weighing not less than four hundred Pounds Weight avoirdupois, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the thirtieth Dayof&p-tember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until the Quantity of such Rye shall amount unto one hundred thousand Quarters; and a Bounty of six Shillings for every Quarter of Rye weighing not less than four hundred Pounds Weight avoirdupois, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, exceeding the Quantity to which the before-mentiomd Bounty is limited.:

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Bounties shall be under the Management of the Commissioner of his Majesty's Customs in England and «Sart/tfWrefpe£livcIy, and shall be paid out of any Monies in their Hands, arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under their Management respectively, to the respective Importers or Consignees of such Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Rye, rdpec-tively: Provided always, that a due Entry shall be made with the proper Officers of the Customs, at the Fort into which such Articles shall be imported; and that the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs of the Port where such Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Rye, shall be imported, do re* ceive full and satisfactory Proof that the said Corn, Flour, Meal and Rye, for which the Bounty herein allowed is claimed, is wholly and entirely without Mixture of any other the Growth of any other Country than that in respect whereof the said Bounty is claimed, and that in Default thereof, the said Bounties shall not, nor shall any of them, be allowed or paid.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the Bounties granted by this Act shall be paid, allowed, or received, unless the several Articles in the Act enumerated and described, shall be imported or brought respe£hvcly into some one or other of his Majesty's Ports; that is to say, the Ports of London, Abe-ryftwyth, Beaumaris, Berwick, Bojion, Bristol, Carl'JJe, Chester, Chichester, Colchester, Cowes, Dartmouth, Dover, Exeter, Falmouth, Harwich, Hull, Ipswich, Lancaster, Liverpool, Lyme, Lynn, Alalden, Milford, Newcastle, Penzance, Plymouth, Poole, Port)mouth, Preston, Rochester, Sandwich, Southampton, Stockton, Sunderland, Swansea, Wells, Whitehaven, Whitby, IViJbeach, Yarmouth, Aberdeen, Air, Alloa, Campbeltown, Dumfries, Dunbar, Dundee, Glasgow, including Port Glasgow, Greenock> Kirkcaldy, Kirkcudbright, Leith, Lerwick, MontroJ'e, and Wigton.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, before any of the said Articles, imported or brought into this Kingdom for Bounty under the Regulations of this Act, shall be delivered out of the Charge of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs of the Port where the same shall be respectively so imported or brought, such Articles respectively shall be carefully and attentively inspected and examined by such Officer or Officers of the Customs, as the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall think fit to direct for that Duty, and two indifferent and disinterested Persons, experienced in the Nature of the Article to be so inspected and examined; which two indifferent and disinterested Persons shall be chosen by the Principal Officers of the Customs at such Port, or any two of them, whereof the Collector for the Time being shall be one; which said Officer or Officers of the Customs so directed by the said Commissioners of the Customs respectively, and the said two indifferent and disinterested Persons so chosen as aforesaid to inspetft and examine the said Articles respectively, shall, upon having viewed the same, certify and declare, upon their Corporal Oaths, first administered by the said Principal Officers, or any two of them, whereof the Collector shall be one, (who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same,) whether the said Articles respectively are or are not of the Weight required by this Act, and are or are not merchantable and fit for making Bread; and if the same shall appear by such Certificate to be of the Weight so required, and to be merchantable and fit for making Bread, the Bounties respectively granted by this AcX shall be paid and allowed thereon; but if the same shall appear by such Certificate not to be of the Weight required by this Act, or not to be merchantable or fit for making Bread, no Bounty, granted by this Act, mail be paid or allowed thereupon.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said indifferent and disinterested Persons, so chosen by the said Principal Officers to inspect and examine the said Goods, shall from Time to Time be paid by an Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, in England, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, out of any Monies in their Hands arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under their Management respectively, the following Sums by Way of Recompence or Reward for their Trouble on such Inspection, Examination, and Certification; that is to say, the Sum of one Penny per Quarter for all Wheat, Indian Corn, or Rye, inspected and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity $ and

28i

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 2T, 22.

the Sum of one Penny per Barrel of all Wheat Flour, or Indian Meal, inspected and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Articles herein enumerated and defjribed shall be imported or brought from any of the Ports or Places herein mentioned into any of the respective Ports herein also enumerated, subsequent to the Time limited by this Act, but before the fifteenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, to order the Bounty or Bounties respectively to be paid thereon in like Manner as if the said Articles had been imported within the Time limited by this Act; provided Proof shall be made, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners respectively, that the Ships or Vessels on board of which respectively such Articles shall be so imported or brought, actually and bona fide set fail from such respective Ports or Places for Great Britain, at such Time that they might in the ordinary Course of their Voyage have arrived in Great Britain before the said thirtieth Day of September; and Proof shall also be given, and Entry shall *2 made, and the Goods inspected and examined, and certified in like Manner as is directed and required by this Act, to authorize the Payment of Bounty on the said Articles imported within the Time limited by this Act.

VII. And whereas it may happen that Vessels, before the passing of this Act, may have arrived at different Ports of this Kingdom, having on board Articles of the several Descriptions herein mentioned, or of some one or other of them, intended for Exportation: And whereas in order to induce the Owner or Own- ers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, of such Goods, to enter them for Consump- tien in this Kingdom, it is expedient to extend the Bounties granted by this Act to such Articles:’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bounties respectively granted by this Act shall extend to all such Articles, although imported or brought into this Kingdom before the passing of this Act, provided each and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions of this Act are in all other Respects duly complied with.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vessel has arrived or shall arrive at any Port in Great Britain^ where, according to the Regulations of this Act, the Bounty is not allowed, the said Ship or Vessel shall and may lawfully depart from such Port without Molestation or Hindrance, with the several Articles on board, and may carry the same to any other Port of Great Britain at which the same may be entered for the Bounty, and there enter, land, and deliver the same $ subject nevertheless to each and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on all Foreign Corn and Flour which shall have been secured in Warehouses in Great Britain, according to Law, before the passing of this Act, and which shall be delivered from thence within three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, to be tiled and consumed in this Kingdom, there shall be paid and allowed to the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees thereof, a Bounty or Bounties respectively, not exceeding three-fifth Parts of the Bounties granted by this Act respectively on Corn and Flour imported from the Mediterranean, under the Authority of this Act; provided that all and each and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, imposed and required by this Act, so far as the same are applicable to and can be put in Execution, shall be complied with in respect of all such Corn and Flour as shall be so respectively delivered out of such Warehouses, to be used or consumed in this Kingdom.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Foreign Corn or Flour shall, before the passing of this Act, have been secured in any Warehouse or Warehouses according to Law, at any Port in Great Britain, where, according to the Regulations of this Act, the Bounty is not allowed, all such Foreign Corn or Flour shall and may be legally carried coastwise from such Port, without Molestation or Hindrance, to any other Port of Great Britain at which the same may be entered for the Bounty, and there the same may be entered, landed, and delivered, subject nevertheless to each and every the Rules, Regulations, Condiiibns, and Restrictions of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the fifteenth Day of OStcber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

XII. Provided always, That any Part of this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread.

L,.| v*1 [ 24th December 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, in order to diminish the Consumption of Wheat, that Bakers should be

permitted to make and sell, in all Places, various Kinds of mixed Bread, and such Kinds of Wheaten Bread as they cannot now fell in Places where an Attize is set: And whereas it is not expedient to apply to such Sorts of Bread the Restrictions contained in the Fables of the Attize and Price of Bread,

now by Law established: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 'I cmporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, in any Place whatsoever, and whether any Attize of Bread shall be set in such Place or not, to make, fell, and expose to Sale, Peck Loaves, Half Peck Loaves, Quartern Loaves, and Half Quartern Loaves, made of the whole Produce of the Wheat, deducting only five Pound Weight of Bran per Bushel, or made of any

i Oo 2 Sort

Commissioners of Cull01 ns may pay Bounties on Articles imported before Oct. 15, 1796, on Proof of the Vessels having failed at such Times that they might, in the ordinary Course of their Voyage, have arrived before Sept. 30.

Bounties to extend to Articles imported before passing this Act.

Vessels arriving at any Port where Bounty is not allowed, may fail to whet? it is.

On Foreign Corn and Flour, warehoused before the passing of this Act, delivered out within three Months for Home Consumption, a Bounty to be paid;

and if warehoused at a Port where no Bounty is allowed, ic may be carried whtre it is.

Continuance

cf Act j

which may he altered or repealed thu.

St/lion.

Loaves may be made of Wheat, deduftin*: only 5ih. of Bran per Bushel, or mixed with any

Grain or Pota-

4

282

toes, and sold at such Prices as shall be deemed reasonable.

Mixed Bread to be marked to

distinguish the

Sorts, &c.

If Bread be

deficient in Weight according to the Assize prescribed by 31

Geo. JI. Cap. a9. or be not marked, or have any Mixturenot denoted by the Mark, &c. the Offender liable to the Penalties of that Alt.

This All tmy

be altered or repealed this Session.

Alt not to afielt the Rights of London, or the Company of Bakers.

0 C ec 1.

Cap 7.

C. 22, 23. Anno tricesimo Sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Sort of Wheaten Flour, mixed with Meal or Flour of Barley, Rye, Oats, Buckwheat, Indian Com, Pease, Beans Rice, or any other Kind of Grain whatsoever, or with Potatoes, in such Proportions, and at such Prices for the said Loaves respectively, as the Maker and Seller thereof shall deem proper and reasonable; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons who shall make, fell, or expose to Sale, any Loaves of mixed Bread as aforesaid, shall cause to be fairly imprinted on every Loaf of each respective Sort of Bread which he, she, or they shall make, fell, or expose to Sale, a Mark, in large Roman Letters, denoting what are the Sorts and Proportions of such Mixtures, or a large Roman M, together with some Mark distinguishing one Sort of such Bread from another; and shall also affix in Come conspicuous Part of his, her, or their Shop, or in the Window thereof, a Paper, written in large and legible Characters at Length, specifying the Sorts and Proportions of the Mixtures composing each Sort of Bread, and also the Marks corresponding to each Sort, and the respective Prices thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Peck Loaves, Half Peck Loaves, Quartern Loaves, or Half Quartern Loaves, shall be deficient in Weight, according to the Assize of Loaves of such Denominations respectively, prescribed in an Act passed in the thirty-hrft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgeihc Second, intituled, An Act for the due Making of Breads and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; or if any such mixed Loaves shall not be imprinted with Marks pursuant to the Directions of this Act, and corresponding to the Paper hereinbefore required to be affixed, or if the same shall have any Mixture of Meal or Flour of any other Sort, or in any other Proportions thereof than shall be denoted by such Marks imprinted thereon, or any Mixture or Article as for or in lieu of Flour which shall not really be the genuine Flour or Article the same shall import to be, or if the same shall have in them any Alum, or Preparation or Mixture in which Alum shall be an Ingredient, or if any other Mixture or Ingredient whatsoever (except only the genuine Meal or Flour or Article of which the same purports to be made, and common Salt, pure Water, Eggs, Milk, Yeast, and Barm, or such other Leaven as shall at any Time be allowed to be put into Bread by the Court, or Person or Persons who shall have (et an Assize of Bread for the Place where such Leaven shall be used; and where no such Assize shall be set, then such other Leaven as any Magistrate or Magistrates, within his or their Jurisdictit>n, shall allow to be used in making of Bread) shall be put into or in any wise used in making the Dough whereof, or as or for Leaven to ferment any such Dough, or on any other Account, under any Colour or Pretence whatsoever; every Person offending thereto shall be liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as is provided in the said Act, in the Case of any of the aforesaid Offences being committed against the several and respective Provisions in that Behalf made in the said Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to alter or repeal this Act* or any Part of the same, during the present Session of Parliament.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any ways affect or infringe upon the Rights and Privileges of the City of Lofidony or of the Worshipful Company of Bakers of the said City*

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement> Employment^ and Relief of the Poor, as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain cases.

[24th December 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poory it is (among other Things) enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, in any Parish, Town, Township, or Place, with the Consent of the major Part of the Parishioners or Inhabitants thereof in Vestry or other Parish or Public Meeting for that Purpose affem- bled, or of so many of them as shall be so assembled, upon usual Notice thereof first given, to purchase or hire any House or Houses in the same Parish, Township, or Place, and to contract with any Person or Per- Tons for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing, any or all such Poor, in their respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, as shall desire to receive Relief or Collection from the same Parish, and thereto keep, maintain, and employ, all such Persons, and take the Benefit of the Work, Labour, and Service, of any such Poor Person or Persons, wha shall be kept and maintained in any such House or Houses, for the Maintenance and Relief of such Poor Person or Persons who shall be there kept and main- tained 5 and in case any Poor Person or Persons of any Parish, Town, Township, or Place, when such House or Houses shall be so purchased or hired, shall refuse to be lodged* kept, or maintained, in such House or Houses, such Poor Person or Persons so refusing shall be put out of the Book or Books where the Names of the Persons who ought to receive Collection in the said Parish, Town, Township, or Place are to be registered, and shall not be entitled to ask or receive Collection or Relief from the Churchwardens and 9 Overseers of the same Parish, Town, or Township: And whereas the said Provision contained in the Act above mentioned bas been found to have been and to be inconvenient and oppressive, inasmuch as it often

13 prevents

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 23

25

prevents an industrious Poor Person from receiving such occasional Relief as is best suited to the peculiar Case of such Poor Person, and inasmuch as in certain Cases it holds out Conditions of Relief injurious to the Comfort and domestic Situation and Happiness of such Poor Persons :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Overseer or Overseers of any Parish, Town, Township, or Place, with the Approbation of the Parishioners, or the Majority of them, in Vestry or other usual Place of Meeting assembled, or with the Approbation in Writing of any of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace usually acting in and for the respective District, to distribute and pay Collection and Relief to any industrious Poor Person or Persons* at his* her* or their Homes. House or Houses, under certain Cir-

and m certain Cases respecting fucHFoor Person, or his, her, or

cumttances or temporary

their Family, or respecting the Situation, Health, or Condition of any Poor House or Poor Houses, in any Parish, Town, Township, or Place, wherein a House or Houses shall have been or shall be so hired, btiilt, or purchased, and a Contract made with any Person or Persons for lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employ ing, janyjarat^oo^to j^cefve Cc^<5fiono^ such Poor Person

or PersonsTRall refuse to be lodged, kept, and maintained^ within fucFTTIoufe or Houses; any Thing in the

ing. any or an roor renons wnojna_____ ______

or persons shall refuse to be lodged, kept, ancHna in tamed, within

said Act passed in the ninth Year of his Majesty King George the First to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any his *s Justice or Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Town, or Place, usually acting in and for the District wherein the same shall be situated, at his or their just and proper Discretion, to direct and order Collrdiion and Relief to any industrious Poor Person or Persons, and he, she, or they shall be entitled to ask and to receive such Relief at his, her, or their Homes, House or Houses, in any Parish, Town, Township, or Place, notwithstanding any Contract shall have been or shall be made with any Person or Persons for lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing, any and all Too rt Persons in a House

Purpose hired or purchased, and the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, for such

III. Provided always, That the special Cause, as hereinbefore mentioned, of ordering and directing Col-

Parish, given b

Town, Township, or Place, are required and directed to obey and perform such Order for Relief any justice or Justices as aforesaid.

le&ion or Relief to any Poor Person or Persons, at his, her, or their Homes, House or Houses, be aligned and written on each Order for Relief given and directed by any Justice or Justices as aforesaid: and provided always that such Order be given for, and do remain in force for a Time not to exceed one Month from the Date of such Order: Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices as aforesaid to make any further Order for the same or like Purpose, for any further Time not exceeding one Month from the Date of such Order, and so on from Time to Time, as the Occasion shall require, such Justice or Justices first administering an Oath as to the Need and Cause of such Relief in each of the above cases, and thereon summoning the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Town, Township, or Place, to be charged with such Relief, to shew Cause why such Poor Person or Persons should not receive such Relief in Manner as by Law provided in Cases where no Contract for lodging, keeping, and maintaining the Poor, shall as aforesaid have been made.

IV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed adeemed, or taken to extend, to authorize, empower, or enable, any Overseer or Overseers, or any Justice or Justices oof the Peace as aforesaid, to direct or order to distribute and pay, or to be distributed and paid, any Collection or Relief to any Poor Person or Persons, at his, her, or their Homes, House or Houses, as aforesaid, in any. Parish, Town, Township, or Place, in orjor which any House of Industry, or other Place for the Reception and Provision ofjhePoor thereof, hath been alreidyeredled or provided, or shall hereafter ereHed or provided, by and under the Authority or Directions ofarTAct, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, or

under the Authority or Directions of any special Act of Parliament or Law already passed for such Parish, Town, Township, or Place, and now in force for that Purpose; but that in every such Case all such last mentioned Poor Person or Persons shall be provided for and relieved in such and the same Manner as before

283

Overseers, with the Approba -tien of the Pa-rtihioners orany Justice, may relieve Poor Persons at their own Homes.

Justices may order Relief to Poor Persons at

their own Homes.

Cause of orders ing such Relief to be assigned. on the Order of the Justice,

Not to extend to Places where Houses of Industry are provided under zz Geo. III. Cap.

8 3, or under any special Act.-

the making and passing this Act.

[Public Act.]

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whom*, soever, without fptdally pleading the same.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters-.

[24th December 1795.]

eL>'- ‘.CAP. XXV.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts, and other Works, authorized to be made and done by them, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament.

[24th December 1795.]

" The Preamble recites Act 33 Geo. III. C. 80. 34-Gii.TIL C. 24. 3$ Geo. III. C. 8. C. 43. C. 85.

14 Company empowered to raise a further Sum, not exceeding 225,000l. Calls for Money not to exceed V, Shillings on each Half Share, nor be made at a less Distance than three Months. Power

1 'he Money by Mortgage, or by Annuities \ and to collect additional RateSr Conveyance by

Lords -

284. C. 25 - 27. Anno tricesimo sexto GEORGII III. A.D. 1796.

4C Lords of Manors, of Land taken from Commons, to be sufficient. Company to be charged to Parish Rates, in Proportion to the Length of the Canal in each Parish. Quorum of Commissioners reduced to five. Company not compelled to erect Stones on the Side of the Canal nearer each other than one Mile. 44 Materials not to be taken or worked on the Lands of Sir John Filtner, without his Consent. Further Restrictions respecting the Lands of Sir John Filmer. Purchase Money for the Land forming the Re- fervoir on Aldfnham Common ascertained, &c. Manner prescribed of applying the Proportion of the Purchase Money belonging to the Commoners; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money, that Land to

vest in the Company. A further Quantity of the Common may be taken for that Reservoir. Expences of the Act. Public Act." \

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of the Royal Exchange

Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire.

[7th March 1796.]

Preamble recite* Charter of 7 Geo. I.

The Corporation empowered to make Aflur-anceswithinany Part of his Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere.

If any Action be brought against > the Corporation, they may plead the Central Jffiie, and give the special Matter in Evidence.

Public Act

Preamble recites

Charter of 7 Geo. I.

The Corporation empowered t« make Aflur-

WHEREAS the Corporation called The Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, is,

by virtue of a Charter of his late Majesty King George the First, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the twenty-ninth Day of Aprils in the seventh Year of his said Majesty's Reign, empowered to make 3ny Contraft for any Assurance or Assurances of the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons whatsoever, or for any Assurance or Assurances of any Houses, Outhouses, Ware- houses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever,

in England, finales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the Kingdom of Ireland, or within any other of the King’s Dominions beyond the Seas, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever,

from Pire: And whereas Doubts have arisen, and may arise, whether, under the said Charter, the said Corporation hath Power to make Assurance of any Life or Lives whatsoever, or of any Houses, Out- houses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Mercfian- dizes, in any Parts or Places, except those recited in the said Charter: For removing of which Doubts,

may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and%Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from F ire, and the said Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from F ire, and their Successors, are hereby authorized and empowered to make all and every the said Assurances of the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons whatsoever, or of any IToufes, Outhouses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, from Fire, in all Parts and Places whatsoever, within any of his Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere, in like Manner, and to the same Extent, as they are respectively empowered to do by the said Charter in the Places therein Verified., x

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, brought, or prosecuted, against the said Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for or concerning any A fib ranee or Aliur-ances by the said recited Charter^ or hereby authorized to be made, or relating to the Powers hereby granted, or concerning any other Matter or Thing herein, or in the said Charter above recited, contained; the said Corporation and their Successors may, in such Action or Suit, plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act *, and all

Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of this Act as such, without specially pleading the same. -: f

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of the London Affur-

alice of Houses and Goods from Fire.

[7th March 1796.]

WHEREAS the Corporation called The London Afurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, is, by virtue of a Charter of his late Majesty King George the First, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing

4 Date at Westminster the twenty-ninth Day of April, in the seventh Year of his said Majesty's Reign, empowered to made any Contract for any Assurance or Assurances of the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons whatsoever. or for any Assurance or Assurances of any Houses, Outhouses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the Kingdom of Ireland, or within any other of the King’s Dominions beyond the Seas, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, whatsoever, from Fire: And whereas Doubts have arisen, and may arise, whether, under the said Charter, the said Corporation hath Power to make Assurances of any Life or Lives whatsoever, or of any Houses, Outhouses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, in any Parts or Places except those recited in the said Charter: For removing of which Doubts, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, and the said London Assurance

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 27 - 35.

of Houses and Goods from Fire, and their Successors, are hereby authorized and empowered to make all and every the said Assurances of the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons whatsoever, or of any Houses, Outhouses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, from Fire, in all Parts and Places whatsoever, within any of his Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, in like Manner, and to the same Extent, as they are respectively empowered to do by the said Charter in the Places therein specified.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, brought, or prosecuted, against the said Corporation of the London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for or concerning any Assurance or Assurances by the said recited Charter, or hereby authorized to be made, or relating to the Powers hereby granted, or concerning any other Matter or Thing herein or in the said Charter above recited contained, the said Corporation and their Successors may, in such Action or Suit, plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of this Act as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

[7th March 1796.]

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

[2,000,000l.] [7th March 1796.]

CAP. XXX.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

[1,500,000l.] [ythAddrch 1796.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of two millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the

Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

[7th March 1796.]

His Majesty may empower the Treasury to cause Loans to be received or Exchequer Bills to be made out for 2,500,000l. any Time before Jan. 5, 1797, agreeable to 36 Geo. III. Cap. 1. Powers of Geo. III. Cap. i. to extend to this Act, except as herein excepted. L T' ~ "

u

a

H

Bills chargeable

advance

granted next oemon, and ir nor gramea oerore juty 5, 1797, to be paid out of the Con-Monies issued from the Consolidated Fund to be replaced out of the first Supples. Bank

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the TFed India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

[7th March 1796.] f/

CAP. XXXIII.

T *1 #1 "

An Act for extending the Term of the Tax on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, granted by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Ldnds adjoining or near to the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining or near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea by the Harbour a/* King’s Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Par ish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King’s Lynn; and for improving and treserving the Navigation of the everal Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze.

[7th March 1796.]

W

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to raise a certain Sum of Money, for discharging some Arrears of Interest, and other Debts relating thereto, and to maintain and support the said Navigation.

[7th March 1796.]

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to enable the Trustees for executing an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairings altering^ and improving, the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise r I. *n the City of London; and for providing a Workhouse for the same; to raise a further

oum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act.

[7th Maub 1796.]

I

285

ances within any Part of hi*

Majesty's Dominions, or eJfc where.

If any Actionhe-brought against the Corporation. they may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence.

Public Act.

CAP

286

c. 36.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

CAP. XXXVI.

Mutiny Act recited.

An Act for encreasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[7th March 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act pafle

and for the better Payment

y and Defntion,

, J____v_______1 J_______Rm________ ____HI________JL (M - d in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Benvick upon Tweed, for the Payment of Innholders and others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers are quartered and billetted, who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer at their Quarters; and an Option is given to such Innholders and others, to furnish certain Articles gratis^ in lieu of Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed: And whereas the Occasion of marching and quartering of Troops has encreased, and may continue, and the Rules prescribed for furnishing Soldiers with Necessaries are, in many Instances,

become, from the high Price of Provisions, inadequate, and are productive of Distress to such Innholders and others: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it ena<51

Non commissioned Officers and Soldiers to allow 10d. per Diem for Diet and Small Beer in Quartet s in England, j

and for Articles which have been turniflied gratis in lieu thereof, a d. per Diem to be allowed.

For Horses quartered, iod. aq. per Diem to be paid for Hay and Straw.

__________#_____#________ #, enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Non-commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer within the aforesaid Patt of Great Britain, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said ACT shall pay and allow for the same ten Pence per Diem; and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like Manner as is directed in the said Act now in force touching the former Rates of iix Pence per Diem for the Cavalry, and four Pence per Diem for the Infantry.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders or other Persons on whom any Non-commissioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered, shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Act, furnish such Non commissioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furniQiing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed by this Act, such Innholders or other Persons on* whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive, in Consideration thereof, two Pence per Diem for each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier, instead of furnishing the same gratis, as required by the said Act; which Sum of two Pence per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like Manner as is directed touching the Rates aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person, on whom any of the Horses belonging to his said Majesty's Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for Hay and Straw, shall be ten Pence Halfpenny per Diem for each Horse, instead of six Pence per Diem as directed in the said Act.

So much of recited Act as relates to fumifti-ing with Diet Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or recruiting, repealed.

Regulation with respect to dieting Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on their March.

IV. And whereas the Provisions contained in the said recited Act, with respect to the Manner of dieting Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the Recruits by them raised, have been productive of much Inconvenience, as well to the Troops as the Innholders/ be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Manner of furnishing Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the Recruits by them raised, with Diet or other Provision, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

When halted on a March, Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers entitled to Diet and Small

V. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may be billetted, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, while on the March, as also on and for the Day of their Arrival at the Place of their final Destination, and on the two subsequent Days, unless either of the two subsequent Days shall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers shall be billetted, or within the Distance of two Miles thereof, in which Case it shall and may be lawful for the Innholder, or other Person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the Articles in the said recited Act specified, and at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed.

VI. Provided always, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company, or Detachment, when on the March, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinite Time, at any intermediate Place, the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Persons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such Time only for which they would be entitled to receive the same after arriving at the Place of their final Destination, according to this Act.

Beer as after arriving at their Destination:

And if such Halting be only for a Day after Arrival, and that be a Market Day, their Diet and Small Beer not to be discontinued.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company, or Detachment, when on their March, shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders, that it is not intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company, or Detachment shall halt for any longer Time than one intire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted, to discontinue, on such Market Day, the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any such Officers or Soldiers; but that all such Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid, upon such Market Day as aforesaid, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like Manner as they would have been entitled thereto if

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 36 - 39.

such Day had not been a Market Day; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men employed in recruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the same Benefits as are herein-before provided in regard to Troops upon the March j but no Recruit enlisted after the two Days subsequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also nevertheless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a Time shall return to the same Place, they, and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such two Days as aforesaid, unless the Period between the Time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded twenty-eight Days.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance from the twenty-fourth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven. '

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent.

[7th March 1796.]

" 33 Geo. 3. Cap. 76. recited and continued till June to, 1797, and to the End of the then next Session of

41 Parliament." \

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for -rendering effectual an Act of the thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Places united therewith^ in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop.

[7th March 1796.]

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to amend an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called England.

[24th March 1796.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part 0/ Great Britain called England, whereby it is among other Things enabled. That no Person or Persons, after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his, her, or their Possession or Use, any Partridge, between the twelfth Day of February and the first Day of September in any Year, under the Penalty by the said Abl laid and imposed; And whereas the searching for, taking, and killing of Partridges so early in the Year as the first Day of September, has been found very prejudicial to the Corn then growing or uncut, Or cut and not carried: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act as relates to the taking, killing, destroying, using» or having, any Partridge before the first Day of September in any Year, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, carry, (ell, buy, or have in his, her, or their Possession or Ule, any Partridge between the twelfth Day of February and the fourteenth Day of September in any Year and if any Person or Persons shall transgress this Act in the Case aforesaid, every such Person shall be liable to the same Penalty as by the said Act is laid and imposed on any Person or Persons transgressing the i-me; such Penalty to be imposed, inflicted,-recovered, applied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as in and by the said Act is prodded and directed, with respect to the Penalty thereby imposed on Persons transgressing the said Act.

36 Geo. III.

P

CAP.

287

Regulations re-(pelting Recruiting Parties and Recruits on their March,

Continu nee of Act.

2 Geo. III.

Cap. 19 recited,

and so much as relates to killing Partridges before Sept. 1$ repealed.

No Partridge to be kil., between Feb. tsand Sept. 14.

288

So much of 8 Geo. I. Cap. 12. as relates to Importation of Wood, &c. from America, Duty-free, continued to Sept. *9, 1802, Sec,

So much of 8 Geo. I. Cap. 75. as relates to Encouragement of Silk Manu-factures of this Kingdom, and to taking off fe-vtral Duties on Merchandize exported, continued to June 24, 180*,

C. 40. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

CAP. XL.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America \ to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the granting a Bounty'on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreigrv Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate-, to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain \ to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships in their Voyages; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the further Punishment of Persons going, armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations, in America; and to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England*

[24th March 1796.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and bene- ficial, and are near expiring be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, made in the eghth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An del for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for twenty-one Years from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth, twelfth, nineteenth, twenty-sixth, and thirty-third Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported, and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only, and that the two Corporations of Assurance on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to lingle Damages and Costs of Suit, as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, which was to continue in Force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the second, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, twenty-sixth, and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the sixth, fourteenth, twenty-second, and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, hath been continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, until the twenty-fourth Day

cf June one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. A if 1

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. 289

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to subjctl Copper Ore of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject; which was to be in Force for two Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and Vessels to perforin Quarantine,) was to have further Continuance to the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, hut, by Mistake, the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven wfas inserted therein instead of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the twenty-first, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and in the seventh, fourteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. 'And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatan Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the eleventh, nineteenth, twenty-fifth, and thirty-second Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, an$3 in the sixth, fourteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of Juncone. thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except such Part thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Foreign Coffee into and from the British) Colonies and Plantations in America, shall be, and the lame is hereby further continued, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act% made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his lute Majesty King George the First, intituled, c An Act for the free Im- portation of Cochineal during the "Time therein limited, and a If0 for the free Importation of Indigo ;’ which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the fourteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, and of the seventh, fourteenth, twenty-second, and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V(. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, which said Act was by two other Acts made in the tenth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, extended and continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Act passed in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, thirty-first, thirty-third, and thirty-fifth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of

?uneonc thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America, for a limited Timc, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and lixtv-four, for the Term of one Year and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the sixth, thirteenth, twentieth, twenty-sixth, and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. t.

Vlil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Manufacturet of Leather, by lowering ! k P p 2 the

HhLl I.

X Geo. I. Cap. 18. to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, fee. (except the Clauses obliging ail Ships to perform Qu ran-tine,)continued to Sept. 29, 1802, &c.

5 Geo. II. Cap.

24. except such Part as nlatea to Importation and Export a;ion of Foreign Cot-fee into and from the British Colonies in America, continued to June 24, 1802, fee.

7 Geo. II. Cap. 18. for the free Importation of Cochineal and Importation of Indigo, continued to Sept. 29, 1802, &c.

29 Geo. II. Cap. 15. granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens, exported, &c-continued to June 24, 1797, dec.

4 Geo. III.

Cap. 19. for importing Salt into Quebec, continued to June 24, x8o*f See.

12 Geo. III. Cap. 50. for encouraging

2go

C. 4.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

the Manufacture of Leather, continued for live Years.

13 Geo. III.

Cap. 77. lor Encouragement of the Manufactures of > lax and Cot. ton in Great Britain, continued to June 24, 1797, &c.

35 Geo. III.

Cap. 117. for allowing the Importation of Rape and other Seeds for extracting Oil, continued to June 24, 1797, &c.

So much of 19 Geo. III. Cap.

22. as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores in Merchant Ships, continued to July 5, 1801, &c.

So much of 5 Geo I. Cap. it. against dandef-tme Running of uncustomed Goods, as his been continued by subsequent Acts to Sept.

*9> 1795 farther continued

10 Sept. 29,

>£02,

the Duty taxable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark fall exceed a certain Rat eyfor a limited 7tmey which was to continue in Force for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was by another Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued for the further Term of five Years, and from therreeto the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which Act, by another Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was revived and continued for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued, for the further Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton, in Great Britain, which was to continue in Force for two Years, from the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-fouc, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Act was, by several Acts made in the twenty-sixth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oily from any Country whatever, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall he above a certain Limit, which was to continue in Force for one Year and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, until the twenty-fourth Day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. i

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum, shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be in Force for two Years from the full Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the twenty-first, twenty-fourth, twenty-sixth, and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, was further continued until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Avail be, and the same is hereby further continued until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act against clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs, relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes as shall be taken in at Sea, out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or Boat; and also relating to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Remedies are provided against re-landing Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and Foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas, and relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board of Ships outward bound, and also relating to Hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of fifty Tons or under, and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported, and also relating to Rum imported in Casks or Vessels not containing twenty Gallons at the lead, and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, which were to have Continuance for the Term of three Years from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively; and which, by several fub-jequent Acts, passed in the ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, and in the second, eighth, thirteenth, Sixteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King

ty-nrir, and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign

?o much of 19 Geo. II. Cap. )4. as relates to ortlier Ptinish-nent of Persons t>ing armtd or li%ui^d, Scc. ru! for Relief of officers in in-ermationsupon \c\zu res, conti -med to Sept.

.7, 1802, Ak,v

piration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. _ !’ i

XIIE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the further Pu-nishment of Persons going armed or difruifed, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excijey and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for the Relief ef Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures^ as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures, which was to continue in Force for seven Tears from the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by

several subsequent Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his laid late Majesty,

9 - and

2gi

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 4.0 - 47.

and the fourth, eleventh, eighteenth, twenty-sixth, and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British) Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for five Years, from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several Acts made in the fourteenth, twenty-first, twenty-seventh, and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred and three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. ca, continued to J

So much of 9 Geo. III. Cap. 39. as relates to free Import a. tien of raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in Ameri-une 1, 1803, &c.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of \$x\x\lh-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited Time, as imposes Duties on Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, which was to continue in Force until the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, until the first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

So much of 33 Geo. III. Cap. 6t. as imposes a Duty on Spirit* made in Scotland and imported into England, continued to Dec. J, 180a,

CAP. XLI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

[24th March 1796.]

CAP. XLII.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same; and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

[24th March 1796.]

CAP. XLIir.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. intituled, An Act for the better pavings cleatijing, repairings lightings and watchings the HighwaySs Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Till of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for erecting a Market Ho up, and holding a public Market in the said Viu.

* [24th March 1796.]

CAP. ^LIV.

An Act to vary and alter the Line of the Canal, authorized to be made by an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Canalfrom the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath; and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described; and to amend the said Act; and alto to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described.

[24th March 1796.]

CAP. XLV.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, pavings and cleansing, the Highways, Streets, and Lunesy within the Town and Borough rf Deal, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Encroach-tnentsi Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

[24th March 1796.]

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Exe near the Town of TofJJjiViiy in the County of Devons to the River Tones near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and for cleansing and making navigable a certain Part of the find River Tone; and for making certain Cuts from the said Canal.

[24th March 1796.]

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from cr near Gain's Crofsy in the Parish of Shilling/Ion Okeford, in the County of Dorset, to communicate vviih the Kennett and Avon Canal at or near H'iJbrooky in the County of ITiltsy and also a certain Navigable Branch from the intended Canal.

[24th March 1796.]

292

C. 4.8—^ 2. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to vary and alter the Line of a Canal authorised to be made by an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone Roads, from fever a I Collieries in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennett and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, and to alter and amend the said Act.

[24th March 1796.]

CAP. XLIX. " L

1 1

An Act for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town of Folkstone, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.*— [24th March 1796.] Y .*

Cap. l.

An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, and other -public Passages and Places, within the Town of IVahefield, in the County of York, and for more effectually cleansing the same, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

[2$th March 1796.]

CAP. LI.

20 Geo. III. Cap. 28.

23 Geo. III. Cap 58. and 29 Geo. III. Cap. 51.

\ and iriMi new JL^mivs inouia uc gidiucu in ncu ui li»c jyuiith ig re.u j wiiu liui

made by the said several Acts for collecting the Duties thereby imposed, should bcfurti)er the Duties which shall not be repealed by this Act: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Streets, and other public Passages and

Places, within the Town of Beccles, in the County of Suffolk.

[24th March 1796.]

CAP. LII.

An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Eft2tes, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain cases.

[26th April 1796.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties imposed by divers Act of the twentieth, twenty-third,

and twenty-ninth Years of your Majesty's Reign, on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch- ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, -or other Discharge for any Legacy left by any Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or for any Share or Parr of a Personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, should be engrossed,

printed, or written, should be repealed, as to such K.eceipts or Discharges for which new Duties shall be granted by this Act; and that new Duties should be granted in lieu of the Duties so repealed; and that the Provisions made 1 *" ",il" *'

enforced, as to., J ... I

loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, as wel for the Pui poles aforesaid, as towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge cccafiontd by any Loan made by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose passed or to be passed in this> Seflkm of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned.; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the hUth6 h"iP°fed several Duties by the said several Acts imposed on all Receipts and Discharges for Legacies given by any inentfoncdAfts Will or other Testamentary Instrument, and for Shares or Parts of Rc lidue of Personal Estate upon which any on Receipts for Duty shall be imposed by this Act, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and be no Legacies or Re- longer paid or payable; and so much of the said several Acts as relate to such Duties so repealed, and the Pay-fidues of Per- ment thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby also repealed.

fonal Estate.., 1 r

on which new ones are hereby laid, to cease. jMjN

New Duties.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon every Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Descrip*

tien, of the Amount or Value of twenty Pounds or more, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument of any Person who shall die after the paflinz of this AdK out of the Personal Estate of the Person so dying, and also njwf thr clear ^llp1 Qrt^ Part Qf the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of evety

Person who shall so die, whether testate or intestate, and leave Personal Estate of the clear Value of one hundred Pounds or upwards, which shall remain after deducing Debts, Funeral Expences, and other Charges, and specific and pecuniary Legacies, (if any,) whether the Title to such Residue, or to any Part thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any Testamentary Disposition, or upon Inteftacy, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties, alter the Rates and in Manner following; (that is to say.) where any such Legacy, or any Residue or Part of Re-fiduc of any such Personal Estate, shall be given or shall pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Siftcr_of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, there shall be charged a Duty ol two Pou^s for every one hundred Pounds of the Value~oT any such Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue, and To aTter the same Rate for any greater or less Sum; where any such Legacy, or any Residue or Part of Residue of any such Personal Estate, shall be given or shall pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Father or Mother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of a Father or Mother of the Deceased, there shall be chargedYhrce Pounds for every one hundred Pouncfc of the Value of such Xegacy, oFRtfldue or Pait of Residue, and so after the same R3te for any greater or less Sum; and

v i where

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 293

where any such Legacy, or any Residue or Part of Residue of any such Personal Estate, shall be given or shall pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or ETIFer oTa 'Grandfather'or GrariHmotEer oT the Deceased, there shall be charged a Duty of four Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the Value of such Legacy, or Residue or Part ot Residue, ants jo after the same Rate for any greater or less Sum; and where any such Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue of any such Personal Estate, shall be given or shall pass to or for the Benefit of any Person in any other Degree of collateral Consanguinity to the Deceasedthan is herein before described, or any Stranger in Blood to the Deceaied, there shall he charged a Duty of six Pounds for every one hundred Pounds or jne V alue o\ such Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue, and £0 after the same Rate for any greater or l^fs Sum: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with any Duty any Legacy, or any Residue or Part of Residue, of any Personal Estate, which shall be given or shall >afs to or for the Benefit of the Husband or Wife of the Deceased, or to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal amily.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be under the Care, Management, and Direction of the Commissioners ferthe Time being appointed to manage the Duties on stampej Vellum, Parchment, *and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to cause four new Stamps to be provided to denote the several Rates of Duty hereby imposed; that is to say, one Stamp to denote the Rate of two Pounds per Centum, one other Stamp to denote the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, one other Stamp to denote the Rate of four Pounds per Cnturn, and one other Stamp to denote the Rate of six Pounds per Centum, and the same to alt r or renew whenever it shall be requisite, and to do all Things necessary for carrying this Act into Exe-cut on, according to the Rules, Methods, and Directions herein contained, in as full and ample a Manner is ihc-y, or the ma or Part of them, are authorized and empowered to put in Execution any Law concerning damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands and

Seals, or the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them, appoint proper Persons in the several Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, and Divisions, in Great Britain, as Occasion shall require, to collect and receive the Duties hereby imposed, and to keep proper Accounts thereof, to be transmitted to the Head Office of the said Commissioners; and upon Payment of any such Duty, if paid at the Head Office of the said Corami (Eon ers, the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be duly entered in their Books, and to be set down therein to the Account of the Personal Estate in respect whereof the said Duty shall be paid, and shall make like Entries in their Books, upon Transmission of the proper Accounts for that Purpose from the several Officers to be appointed by the faii Commissioners in the different Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, and Divisions aforesaid, to whom they shall from Time to Time give proper Orders for such Purpose; and the Accounts of such Payments shall be kept, with proper References, in alphabetical Order, according to the Surname of the Testator, Testatrix, or Intestate, in respect of whose Personal Estate such Payments shall have been made respectively, so that it may at all Times appear upon the Books of the said Commissioners, what Payments have been made in respect of the Personal Estate of any Testator, Testatrix, or Intestate.

V. And, in order that all Persons may be enabled to take Receipts and Discharges on the Payment or Satisfaction of any Legacy, or Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part thereof, according to the Directions prescribed by this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, from Time to Time, to provide sufficient Quantities of Paper adapted for such Receipts or Discharges as aforesaid, and to cause to be printed thereon the Form of Words in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and it shall also be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects, requiring such Receipts or Discharges, to cause the same to be duly filled up with Sums, Names, and Date, according to the Provisions before-mentioned, and also upon any Vellum or Parchment, or upon any other Paper not provided by the said Commissioners, to use the like Form whenever there shall be Occasion.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed shall, in all Cases in which it is not hereby other wise provided, be accounted for, answered, and paid, by the Person or Persons havi the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration

etainerfor his, her, or their own Benefit any Legacy, or any Part of any

©; any other rcrion or rerions, or any legacy, or any rart or any legacy, or or the iceuauc 01 any fonal Estate, or any Part of such Residue, which he, she, or they shall he entitled so to retain, either in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right or for the Benefit of any other Person or Persons; and also upon Delivery, Payment, or other Satisfaction or Discharge whatsoever, of any Legacy, or any Part of any Legacy, or of the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part of such Residue, to which any other Person or Persons shall be entitled; and in case any Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of such E lien or Administration as aforesaid, shall retain for his, her, or their own Benefit, or for the Benefit ox any other Person or Persons, any Legacy, or any Fart of any Legacy, or the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part of such Residue, which such Person or Persons shall be entitled so to retain, either in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right or for the Benefit of any other Person or Persons, and upon which any Duty shall be chargeable by virtue of this Act, not having first paid such Duty, or shall deliver, pay, or otherwise howsoever satisfy or discharge any Legacy, or any Part of any Legacy, or the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part thereof, to which any other Person or Persons shall, be entitled, and upon which any Duty

fbatt be chargeable by virtue of this Act, having received or deducted the Duty so chargeable, then and in

ij every

not to extend to Bequests to Husbands or Wives, or the Royal Family.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners for Stamps.

Commissioners to appoint Receivers of the Duties, and to keep Accounts, (he\ying the Personal BlLates in respect of which the Duties have beco paid.

Commissioners may provide printed Receipts, which may be used, or others of th# like Forms.

Duties to be paid by Execu. tors or Admini< rtrators, on retaining or paying Legacies

If Duty be not paid before Legacies are retained by Executors, or discharged, they having deducted it, the Amount to be a Debt from them to, his Majesty; and if they pay

294

C. 5 2*

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Legacies with-

put deducing

rhe Duty, it; shall be a from both Pal*

tic*.

What null be »<«cMneii Legacies within rljc Intent ol this Act\.

The Value of Annuities, and the Duty, to be calculated according to the annexed Tables, and the Duty paid by luUalmtrnts, &c.

The Value of Annuities payable out of Legacies, and the Duty, to be calculated according to the annexed Tables, and the Duty to be charged on the Value of such Legacies after deducing such Annuities, &c.

Duty on Legacies given to purchase Annuities to be calculated on the Sums necessary to purchase them.

every of such cases, the Duty which shall be due and payable upon every such Legacy, and Part of Legacy and Residue, and Part of Residue respectively, and which shall not have been duly paid and satisfied to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Provisions of this Act, shall be a Debt of such Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of such Execution or Administration as afo; r'1 Majesty, his Heirs and Successbis and in case any such rerlon or rerlonsifo having or taking r then of such Execution or Administration as aforesaid, shall deliver, pay, or other wise howsoever Satisfy or discharge any such Legacy or Residue, or any Part of any such Legacy or Residue, to or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons entitled thereto, without having received or deduced the Duty chargeable thereon, (such Duty not having been first duly paid to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, according to the Provisions herein contained,) then and in every such Cale such Duty shall be a Debt to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, both of the Pci foil or Persons who shall make such Delivery, Payment, Satisfaction, or Discharge, and of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any Gift by any Will or Testamentary Instrument of any Person dying after the pa fling of this A bl, which shall, by virtue of such Will or Testamentary Instrument, have Eftebt, or be latlshed out oTthe Personal Estate of such Person so dying, or out of any Personal Estate which such Person shall have Power to dispose of*as he or she shall think fit, shall be deemed and taken to be a Legacy within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, whether, the same shall be given by way of Annuity or in any other Form, and whether the same shall be charged only on such Personal Estate, or charged also on Real Estate of the 'Deflator or Testatrix who shall give the same; except so far as the same shall be paid or satisfied out of such Real Estate, in a due Execution of the Will or Yeflamentary fnflriiment by whirh fht»L same shall be given; and every Gift which shall have Effebl as a Donation Mortis Cauja shall also be deemed

within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

HVHi. And be it further enacted, That the Value of any Legacy given by way of Annuity, whether payable annually or otherwise, for any Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or for Years or other Period of Time, shall be calculated, and the Duty chargeable thereon shall be charged, according to the Tables in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and the Duty chargeable on such Annuity shall be paid by four equal Payments, the first of which Payments of Duty shall be made before or on completing the Payment of the first Year’s Annuity, and the three others of such Payr r "

Manner successively. before or on completing the refneblive Payments of the three succeeding Years Annuity rerpeblively; and the Value of any (uclv Annuity, if determinable upoiYany Contingency the Death of any Person or Persons, shall be calculated without regard to such Contingency: ProvidecTalways, that if any such Annuity shall determine by the Death of any Person, before four Years Payment of such Annuity shall become due and payable, then and in such Cale the Duty shall be payable in proportion only to so many of the Payments of the said Annuity asablually accrued and became due and payable; and in case any such Annuity shall at any Time determine upon any other Contingency than the Death of any Person or Persons, then and in such Case, not only all Payments of Duty which would otherwise become due after the happening of such Contingency, if any such would become due, shall cease; but it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall have paid any Duties which shall have previously become due, to apply for and obtain a Return of so much of the Duty so paid, as will reduce the same to the like Duty as would have been payable by such Person or Persons for such Annuity, calculated according to the Term for which the same shall have endured; which Abatement the said Commissioners for Management of the Stamp Duties shall settle and determine according to the Tables in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and shall cause the Amount of such Abatement to be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the same, out of any Monies in their Hands arising from the Duties impofod by this AbE

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Value of any Legacy given by way of Annuity for any Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or for Years or other Period of Time, and charged on and made payable out of any other Legacy or Legacies, shall be calculated, and the Duty shall be charged thereon, in the same Manner as herein-before directed with respect to other Annuities; and the Duty on the Legacy charged with such Annuity, if any Duty shall be payable for such Legacy, shall be calculated on the Value of such Legacy, after dedubting the V alue of such Annuity; and the Duty for such Annuity shall be paid by the Person or Persons entitled to the Legacy or Legacies charged with such Annuity, by four equal laments, in the same Manner as the same would be payable according to the Provisions herein-before contained, if such Annuity had been adirebl Gift to the Annuitant, and subject to the like Proviso in case such Annuity shall determine before four Years Payment shall become due; and the Payment which shall be made for such Duty, shall be retained by the Person or Persons paying the same, out of the first four Years Payments of such Annuity, if so many shall become due, or out of so many of such Payments as shall become due by equal Portions., *4

X. And be it further enacted, That the Duty payable upon any Legacy given by Direction to purchase with any Personal Estate of the Testator or Testatrix, or any Part thereof, an Annuity of a certain Amount for the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons, or any other Term, shall be calculated upon the Sum necesLry to purchase such Annuity according to the 'Fables before-mentioned, and shall be deducted from such Sum, and paid as in the Case of other pecuniary Legacies; and the Person or Persons paying or satisfying such Legacy, and the Person or Persons for whose Benefit the same shall be paid or satisfied, shall be discharged, by Payment of such Duty so calculated as aforesaid, from all other Demands in reipebt of the Duty payable on such Legacy: and the Annuity to be purchased for the Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit of such Legacy, shall be reduced in Proportion to the Amount of the Duty payable thereon as aforesaid,

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sexto

5

295

such Reduction to be calculated in the same Manner as the Duty so payable is herein-before directed to be calculated; and the Purch&fe of such reduced Annuity, together with the Payment of such Duty, shall satisfy and discharge such Legacy as fully as if an Annuity had been purchased equal in Amount to the Annuity so directed to be purchased.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Benefit shall be given by any Will or Testamentary Instru-rrent, in such Terms that the Amount or Value of such Benefit can only be ascertained, from Time to Time, by the actual Application for that Purpose of the Fund allotted for such Purpose, or made chargeable therewith; or if the Amount or Value of any Benefit given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument cannot, by reason of the Form and Manner of the Gift, be so ascertained that the Duty can be charged thereon under any other of the Directions herein contained; then and in every such Case, such Duty shall be charged upon the several Sums of Money or Effects which shall be applied from Time to Time for the Purposes directed by such Will or Testamentary Instrument, as separate and distinct Legacies or Bequests, and shall be paid out of the Fund applicable for such Purposes, or charged with answering the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty payable on a Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, of any Personal Estate, given to or for the Benefit of, or !o that the same shall be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, who shall be chargeable with the Duties hereby imposed at one and the same Rate, shall be charged upon and paid out of the Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, so given, as in the Case of a Legacy to one Person; and where any Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, shall be given to or for the Benefit of, or so that the same shall be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, some or one of whom shall be chargeable with no Duty, or some of whom shall be chargeable with different Rates of Duty, so that one Rate of Duty cannot be immediately charged thereon, all Persons who, under or in consequence of any such Bequest, shall be entitled for Life only, or any other temporary Interest, shall be chargeable with the Duty inrefpeCl of such Bequest, in the same Manner as if the annual Produce thereof had been given by way of Annuity; and such Persons respectively shall be so chargeable with such Duty, and the same shall be payable when they shall respectively become entitled to and begin to receive such Produce, and shall be paid by equal Portions during the aforesaid Perm of four Years, if they shall so long continue to receive such Produce; and where any other partial Interest shall be given, or shall arise out of such Property so to be jfriioyed in Succession, the Duty on such partial Interest shall be charged and paid in the same Manner as xhe Duty is herein-before directed to be charged and paid in like Cases of partial Interests, charged on any Property given, otherwise than to different Persons in Succession; and all and every Person and Persons who ri^all become absolutely entitled to any such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, so to be enjoyed in Succession, shall, when and as such Person or Persons respectively shall receive the same, or begin to enjoy the Benefit thereof, be chargeable with and pay the Duty for the same, or such Part thereof as shall be so received, or of which the Benefit shall be so enjoyed, in the same Manner as if the same had come to such Person or Persons immediately on the Death of the Person by whom such Property shall have been given to be enjoyed, or in such Manner that the same shall be enjoyed in Succession.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty payable on any Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, so given to, or so to be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, upon whom the Duty shall be chargeable at one and the same Rate, shall be deduced and paid by the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument under which the Title thereto shall arise, upon Payment or other Satisfaction or Discharge of every or any Part of such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, to any Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons to whom the same shall be payable or paid in trust or for the Benefit of the Persons so entitled thereto in Succession; and if the same shall not be so paid or satisfied to any such Trustee or Trustees, then such Duty shall be deducted and paid out of the Capital of the Property so given, upon Receipt, by any of the Persons (6 entitled in Succession, of any Produce of such Capital, or any Part thereof, according to the Amount of the Capital of which such Produce shall be so received; and where the Duty chargeable upon any such Bequest for the Benefit of or to be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, shall be chargeable at different Rates, so that the same cannot be paid at one and the same Time, but must be paid in Succession as aforesaid, then and in such Case all and every the Person and Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument in which such Bequest shall be contained, shall be chargeable with such Duties in Succession, in the same Manner as such Persons would be chargeable with the like Duties in case of immediate Bequest; unless the Property bequeathed shall have been paid or otherwise satisfied to or vested in any Trustees or Trustee as aforesaid, in which Case such Trustees or Trustee, or his, her, or their Representatives, shall be chargeable with the Duties (or and in respect of such Property so vested in him, her, or them respectively, in such and the same Manner as if he, she, or they had had or taken the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument, by which such Bequest shall have been made; and in like Manner, where any partial Interest shall be given, or shall arise out of any such Property so to be enjoyed in Succession, and such partial Interest shall be satisfied or paid by the Person or Persons so enjoying such Property, such Person or Persons shall be chargeable with the Duties for and in respect of such partial Interest, and shall retain and pay the same accordingly, in such and the same Manner as if he, she, or they had had or taken the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument, by which such partial Interest shall have been created; and in.all such Cases the Person or Persons so chargeable with Duty, shall be Debtors to the Xing’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in like Manner, and shall be subject to the like Penalties, as the Person or Persons having or taking the Burtheaof the Execution of such Will or Testa-tnentary Instrument, are hereby made chargeable and subject to.

|6 Geo. III. Q_q XIV. Pro-

Duty on cies whose Value can only be ascertained by Application of the allotted Fund, to be charged on the Money as applied.

How Duty on

Legacies enjoyed by Persons in Stic-ctflion, Or having partial Interests therein,

Audibe charged.

and by whom

payable.

I

x 296

Plate, &* while enjoyed in Kind, not v liable to Duty till in Possession of Persons having Power to dispose thereof.

Duty on Legacies enjoyed in Succession to be charged as such, whether taken under Wills or by Inteflacy.

Duty on Legacies in Joint Tenancy to be paid in piopor-tien to the Interest of the Parties.

' T)uty on Legacies subject to Contingencies, to be charged as for absolute

Bequests, tec.

How Duty on Legacies fub-jested to Powfer of Appointment shall be charged;

and bow on Personal Estates directed to be applied in Purchase of Real Bftaers.

9

C. 52. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Duty shall be paid on any Articles of Plate, Furniture, or other Things, not yielding any Income, and given to or for the Benefit of, or so as that the same he enjoyed by, different Persons in Succession, whilst the same shall be so enjoyed in Kind only by any Person or Persons not having any Power of felling or disposing thereof, so as to convert the same into Money or other Property yielding an Jncome; but if the same shall be actually sold or disposed of, or shall come to any Person or Persons having Power to sell or dispose thereof, or having an absolute Interest therein, then, and in each and every such Qifc, the same Duty shall be chargeable and paid thereon as if the same had been originally given absolutely, and with full Power to sell or dispose thereof, and shall be chargeable upon and paid by the Person or Persons for whole Benefit the same shall be fold, or who shall have Power to (ell or dispose thereof, or an absolute Interest therein, and shall become the Debt of such Person or Persons; but shall not be a Charge on any Person or Persons by reason of his, her, or their having assented to such Bequest, as the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument by which such Bequest shall have been made.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Legacy, or any Residue or Part of

Residue, shall be so given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, that different Persons shall become entitled thereto in Succession, the Duty shall be charged thereon as given to be enjoyed in 6ucce(Eon, whether the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall take the same under or by virtue of such Will or Testamentary Instrument, and the Dispositions therein contained, or in default of such Dispositions, and as entitled by Inteftacy.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue, shall be given to or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons in Joint Tenancy, some or one of whom shall be chargeable with any Duty hereby imposed, and some or one of whom shall not be so chargeable, the Person or Persons chargeable with Duty shall pay such Duty in proportion to the Interest of such Person or Persons respectively in such Bequest; and if any Person or Persons chargeable with Duty, and entitled in Joint Tenancy as aforesaid, shall become entitled by Survivorship, or by Severance of the Joint Tenancy, to any larger Interest in the Property bequeathed, than that in respect of which such Duty shall have been paid, then, and in such Case* all and every such Person or Persons so becoming entitled by Survivorship, or by Severance, shall be charged with the same Duty as if the Property to which such Joint T enant or Joint Tenants shall so become entitled had been originally given to or for the Benefit of such Person or Persons only.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Legacy, or any Residue 6r Part of Residue, shall be given, subject to any Contingency which may defeat such Gift, and whereupon the same may go to some other Persons or Person, such Bequest (unless chargeable as an Annuity under the Provisions herein contained) shall be charged with Duty as an absolute Bequest, to the Pei fun or Persons who shall take the same subject to such Contingency, and such Duty shall be paid out of the Capital of such Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue, notwithstanding the same may, upon such Contingency, go to some Person not chargeable with the same Duty, or with any Duty; and if such Contingency shall afterwards happen, and the Property so bequeathed shall thereupon go in such Manner that the same, if taken immediately after the Death of the Testator or Testatrix, under the same T itle would have been chargeable with a higher Rate of Duty than the Duty so paid, the Person or Persons becoming entitled thereto, shall be charged with and shall pay the Difference between the Duty so paid, and such higher Rate of Duty.

XVILI. And be it further enacted, That where any Legacy, or the Residue or any Part of the Residue, of any Personal Estate, shall be subjected to any Power of Appointment to or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons specially named or described as Objects of such Power, such Property shall be charged with Duty as Property given to different Persons in Succession; and in so charging such Duty, not only the Person and Persons who shall take previous or subject to such Power of Appointment, but also any Person and Persons who shall take under or in default of any such Appointment, when and as they shall so take respectively, shall, in respect of their several Interests, whether previous, or subject to, or under, or in default of such Appointment, be charged with the same Duty, and in the same Manner, as if the same Interests had been given to him, her, or them respectively, in and by the Willor Testamentary Dispositioncontaining such Power, in the same Order and Course of Succession as shall take place under and by virtue of such Power of Appointment, or in default of Execution thereof, as the Case may happen to be; and where any Property shall be given for any limited Interest, and a general and absolute Power of Appointment shall also be given to any Person or Persons to whom the Property would not belong in defaulrof such Appointment, such Property, upon the Execution of such Power, shall be charged with the same Duty, and in the same Manner, as if the same Property had been immediately given to the Person or Persons having and executing such Power, after allowing any Duty before paid in respevSt thereof; and where any Property shall be given with any such general Power of Appointment, which Property in default of Appointment will belong to the Person or Persons to whom such Power shall also be given, such Property shall be charged with, and shall pay the Duty by this Act imposed, in the same Manner as if such Property had been given to such Person or Persons absolutely in the first Instance, without such Power of Appointment.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That any Sum of Money or Personal Estate, directed to be applied in the Purchase of Real Estate, shall be charged with and pay Duty as Personal Estate; unless the same shall be so given as to be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, and then each Person entitled thereto in Succession, shall pay Duty for the same in the same Manner as if the same had not been directed to be applied in the Purchase of Real Estate, unless the same shall have been actually applied in the Purchase of

Real Estate before such Duty accrued 3 but no D*ty shall accrue in respect thereof, alter the same shall have '8 beea

f >mT

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

ied: Pro

been actually applied in the Purchase of Real Estate, for so much thereof as shall have been so appli vided nevertheless, that in case before the same or fume Part thereof shall be actually so applied, any Person or Persons shall become entitled to an Estate of Inheritance in Possession in the Real Estate to be purchased therewith, or with so much thereof as shall not have been applied in the Purchase of Real Estate, the same Duty which ought to be paid by such Person or Persons, if absolutely entitled thereto as Personal Estate by virtue of any Bequest thereof as such, shall be charged cn such Person or Persons, and raised and paid out of the Fund remaining to be applied in such Purchase.

XX. And be it further enacted, That Estates pur auter Jrie, applicable by Law in the same Manner as Personal Estate, shall be charged with the Duties hereby imposed as Personal Estate.

Estates pur au-ter Vic applied-b!c as Personal Ertates, to be charged as such.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Direction shall be given, by any Will or Testamentaav Instrument, for Payment of the Duty chargeable upon any Legacy or Bequest out of some other Fund, so that such Legacy or Bequest may pass to the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Benefit the same shall be given, free of Duty, no Duty shall be chargeable upon the Money to be applied for the Payment of such Duty, notwithstanding the same may be deemed a Legacy, to or for the Benefit of the Person or Persons who would otherwise pay such Duty.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in Cases of specific Legacies, and where the Residue of any Personal Estate shall consist of Property which shall not be reduced into Money, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Administration of such Effects, or the Person or Persons by whom the Duty thereon ought to be paid, to set a Value thereon, and offer to pay the Duty according to such Value; or to require the Commissioners for Management of the Stamp Duties, to appoint a Person to set such Value, at the Expence of the Person or Persons by whom such Duty ought to be paid; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to accept the Duty o fie red to be paid, upon the Value set by the Person or Persons having or taking the Administration of such Effects, or by whom the Duty for the same shall be payable, without such Appraisement, if the said Commissioners shall think fit so to do; but if the said Commissioners shall not be satisfied with the Value so set, on which the Duty shall be so offered, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, notwithstanding such Offer, to appoint a Person to appraise such Effects, and to set the Value thereon, on which Value so set the said Commissioners shall act'efs the Duty payable in respect thereof, and require the same to be paid; but if the Person or Persons by whom such Duty shall be payable, shall not be satisfied with the Valuation made under the Authority of the said Commissioners, and pay the Duty accordingly, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to cause the Valuation so made under the Authority of the said Commissioners, to be reviewed by the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Time being, of the Dittridlor Place where such Effects shall be. at their next Meeting, after the said Commissioners for Management of the Stamp Duties shall haveaflefled and required Payment of such Duty as aforesaid, if fourteen Days shall have elapsed between such Time and the Meeting of the said Commissioners of Land Tax, and if not, then at the next succeeding Meeting of the said Commissioners of which Appeal six Days Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and the said Commis-.(loners of the Land Tax shall and may (if they think fit) appoint a Person to appraise such Effects, and set a Value thereon, and shall and may hear and determine such Appeal, in the same Manner as in any other Cases of Appeal to them, and with the like Authorities, and their Judgment shall be final; and if the Valuation made under the Authority of the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties in the Case lad mentioned, shall not be duly appealed from within the Time aforesaid, or shall be affirmed upon Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Valuation; and if any Variation shall be made on such Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Variation j and if the Duty assessed in Manner aforesaid shall exceed the Duty offered to and refused by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, the Expence of such Appraisement and other Proceedings in assessing such Duty, shall be borne by the Person or Persons by whom such Duty shall be payable; and if any Dispute shall arise between any Person or Persons entitled to any such Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue, and any Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Administration of such Effects, with respect to the Value thereof, or with respect to the Duty to be paid thereon, the Duty shall be assessed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties on Reference to them by either Party for that Purpose; and if the Value of any Property on which such Duty ought to be paid shall be in Dispute, the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties shall cause an Appraisement to be made thereof, at the Expence of the Person or Persons by whom such Duty ought to be paid, in the Manner herein-before directed in other cases, and assess the Duty thereon accordingly; and if such Person or Persons by whom such Duty ought to be paid, shall be dissatisfied with such Valuation, or with the Assessment of Duty made upon such Valuation by the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, the same shall be reviewed and finally determined by the said Commissioners of the Land Tax, upon Appeal to them within the Time, and under the Reflric-tiens, and in the Manner herein before directed in other cases; but if such Valuation or Assessment shall not be duly appealed from within the Time limited (or that Purpose, or shall be affirmed upon Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according thereto; and if any Variation shall be made therein on fucf! Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Variation; and in case the Effects whereon any such Duty shall be payable shall be at the Di fiance of ten Miles from London, then and in such Cale it shall be lawful to make the like Application to such Person as shall be deputed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners to act in their Stead, in such cases, within the County or District in which such Effects shall be; and such Person so deputed shall act in such cases, in all Respeds, in the same Manner as the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to act, subject nevertheless to the Instructions and Controul of the said Commissioners.

2 *. t XXIII. And

Money left to pay Duty not chargeable as a Legacy.

Mode of ascertaining Duty on Property not reduced into Money.

0

p f* I

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

298

C. 52

A.D. 1796.

Duty on Legacies not fetis-fied in Money, &c. to be paid according to the Value of the Satisfaction.

If Legatees refuse to accept Legacies, Duty oe ducted, the Court, in case of Suit, may order them to pay Costs;

and in Snlts where the Party sued may wifti to flop Proceedings on Payment of Bequests, deducting Duty, the Court may make Order therein.

If Suit be insti-tuted concerning Administration, the Court to provide for Payment of the Duty.

Executors may discharge Legacies on Payment of the Duty accrued.

No Legacy, liable to Duty, to be paid without a Receipt, containing Particulars \

no Receipt available unlcfj duly flan ip t,

Sc c.

I .* # a

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Legacy, or Part of any Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue, whereon any Duty shall be chargeable by this Act, shall be satisfied otherwise than by Payment of Money or Application of specific Effects for that Purpose, or shall be released for Consideration, or compounded for less than the Amount or Value thereof, then and in such Case the Duty shall be charged and paid in respect of such Legacy, or Part of Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue, according to the Amount or Value of the Property taken in Satisfaction thereof, or as the Consideration for Release thereof, or Composition for the same: Provided always, that if any Legacy or Bequest shall be made in Satisfaction of any other Legacy or Beqbeft, or Title to any Residue, or Part of Residue, of any Personal Estate remaining unpaid, the Duty shall not be paid on both Subjects, although both may be chargeable with Duty, but shall be paid on the Subject yielding the largest Duty.

XXIV7. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, or any Person or Persons hereby made chargeable with Duty, shall declare himself, herself, or themselves ready and willing, and shall accordingly offer to pay any pecuniary Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue, deducting the Duty payable thereon, or shall in like Manner offer to deliver or otherwise dispose of any specific Legacy, or any specific Property, Part of any Residue of any Personal Estate, to or for the Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or to any Trustee or Trustees for such Person or Persons, upon Payment of the Duty payable in respect thereof, and the Person or Persons entitled to such Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue, or the Trustee or Trustees for such Person or Persons, shall refuse to accept such Offer, and to give a proper Release and Discharge for such Legacy or Residue, or so much thereof as shall be offered to be paid, delivered, or otherwise dilbofed of as aforesaid, then and in such Case, although no actual 'Lender shall be made, if any Suit shall be afterwards instituted for such Legacy or Effects, respecting which such Offer shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Suit shall be instituted, to order all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the same, to be paid by the Person or Persons who shall have refused to accept such Offer, and to give or join in such Release or Discharge, or to order such Costs, Charges, and Expences, to be deducted and retained out of such Legacy or Effects, together with the Duty payable thereon, as the Laid Court shall see fit; and in case any Suit shall be instituted for Payment of any Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue, of any Perfortal Estate, and the Person or Persons sued for the same shall be desirous of (laying Proceedings in such Suit, on Payment of the Money due* or delivering, or otherwise disposing of the specihc Effects demanded, after deducting or receiving the Duty payable thereon, it shall be lawful for the Court in v/yhich such Suit shall be instituted, if it shall see fit, on Application in a summary Way, to make such Order for Payment of such Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue, or for delivering or otherwise disposing of such Effects, and for Payment; of the Duty payable thereon, and all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending such Suit as shall be just.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit shall be instituted* concerning the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Person dying testate or intestate, or any Part of such Estate in which any Direction shall be given touching the Payment of any Legacies or Legacy of such Person, or the Residue of his or her Personal Estate, or any Part thereof, the Court wherein such Suit shall be instituted shall, in giving Directions concerning the same, provide for the due Payment of the Duties hereby imposed; and in taking any Account of any Personal Estate, or otherwise acting concerning the same, such Court shall take Care that no Allowance shall be made in respect of any Legacy, or Part of Legacy, or of any Residue, or Part of Residue, in any Manner whatsoever, without due Proof of the Payment of the Duties hereby imposed.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, may from Time to Time pay, deliver, or otherwise dispose of any Legacy, or any Part of any Legacy, or make Distribution of any Part of the Residue of any Personal Estate, on Payment, from Time to Time, of such Proportions of the Duty hereby imposed, as shall accrue in respect of such Part of such Personal Estate as shall be so administered.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any Will or Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, nor any Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons hereby directed and required to account for any Duty, Thall, (rom and after the passing of this Act, pay, deliver, or otherwise dispose of, or in any Manner satisfy, discharge, or compund for, any Legacy whatsoever, or any Part thereof,-or the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part thereof, in respect whereof any Duty is hereby imposed, without taking a Receipt or Discharge in Writing for the same, expressing the Date of such Receipt or Discharge, and the Names of the Testator, Testatrix, or Intestate, under whose Will or Testamentary Disposition, or upon whose Inteftacy the Litle to such Legacy, or Part of Legacy, or to such Residue, or Part of Residue, shall accrue, and of the Person or Persons to whom such Receiptor Discharge shall be given, and of the Person or Per-(onsto whom such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, shall have been given, or shall have belonged in consequence of Inteftacy, and the Amount or Value of the Legacy or Part of Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue, for which such Receipt or Discharge shall be given, and also the Amount and Rate of the Duty payable and allowed thereon; and that no written Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy or Part of any Legacy, or for the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part of such Residue, in respect whereof any Duty is hereby imposed, shall be received in Evidence, or be available in any Manner whatever, unless the same shall be stamped, as required by this Act j and no Evidence whatsoever shall be given of any Payment, Satisfaction, or Discharge whatsoever, or of any Release or Composition of such Legacy, or any Part thereof, or of such Residue, or any Part thereof, without producing such Receipt or Discharge, duly stamped

as

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 299

as aforesaid, unless the actual Payment of the Duty hereby imposed shall first be given in Evidence: Provided always, that a Copy of the Entry, in the Books of the Commissioners of the Stamps, of the Payment of such Duty, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof: Provided also, that Payment of any Annuity shall not be deemed a Payment for which such starnped Receipt shall be required, under the Directions of this Act, except the several Payments which shall complete the Payments for each of the fir if four Years during which such Annuity shall be payable; and in like Manner any Payment in respect of any Legacy or Bequest, hereby directed to be charged with the Duty in the same Manner as Annuities are hereby made chargeable with Duty, shall not be deemed a Payment for which such starnped Receipt shall be required, except the several Payments which shall complete the Payments for each of the first four Years, in respect of which such Legacy or Bequest shall be chargeable with Duty as an Annuity.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any Will or Testamentary instrument, or the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, and any Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons, hereby directed and required to account for any Duty, who shall pay, deliver, or otnerwifedisposeof, or in any Manner satisfy or discharge, or compound for any legacy

F,

iven by such Will or Testamentary Instrument, or the Residue, or any Part of the Residue, of such personal Estate, to or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons entitled to such Legacy, or any Part thereof, or to such Residue, or any Part thereof, without taking such F.eceipt or Discharge in Writing as aforesaid, and causing the same to be starnped within the Time hereby allowed for damping the same, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds ter Centum on the Sum of Money, or the Value of the Property if not Money, for which such Receipt or Discharge ought to have been given in pursuance of this Act; and all and every Person and Persons receiving or taking the Benefit of any such Money, or other Property, without giving a written Receipt, or Discharge for the same, in which the Duty payable in respect thereof shall be exprened to have been allowed or paid to the Person or Persons to whom such Receipt or Discharge shall be given, and which shall bear Date on the Day of signing the same, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum on the Sum of Money, or on the Value of the Property, so received or taken.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Receipt or Discharge shall be brought within the Space of twenty-one Days after the Date thereof, to the said Head Office of the said Commissioners, or to (ome other Office to be appointed by the said Commissioners for such Purpose, to be damped, paying the Duty for the same, and upon such Payment either at the said Head Office, or at any other Office to be appointed as aforesaid, the Receiver General or other proper Officer to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, as the Case shall require, shall write upon such Receipt or Discharge an Acknowledgment of the Payment of the Duty so paid in Words at Length, and bearing Date the Day on which such Payment shall be made, and shall subscribe his Name thereto, and enter an Account thereof in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, to Ihe Intent that he may be thereby charged with the Sum so.paid; and in case the Duty shall be so paid at the said Head Office, then the Receipt or Discharge so brought to be damped, shall be forthwith stamped with one of the said four Stamps as the Case shall require; and in case the Duty shall be so paid at any other Office to be appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the Receipt or Dischargelwhcreon such Acknowledgment of the Payment of Duty shall be so written and subscribed, shall be transmitted.within the Space of twenty-one Days from the Day of Payment of such Duty, to the said Head Office to be stamped, and the same shall be stamped accordingly with one of the said four Starfips as the Case shall require; and in case the Person or Persons paying such Duty at any such Office to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be desirous that the same should be transmitted to the said Head Office, by the Officer to whom such Duty shall be paid, and shall leave the same with such Officer for such Purpose, such Officer shall thereupon sign and deliver an Acknowledgment, that such Receipt or Discharge has been left with him for such Purpose, and shall transmit such Receipt or Discharge to such Head Office to be starnped as aforesaid, and the same shall be sent again to such Officer as soon as conveniently may be after the stamping thereof; and such Officer shall deliver back the same to the Person or Persons entitled thereto* m Re-deli

cl

ty-one JLiays

the said head Office to be stamped in like Manner, within three Calendar Months after the Date thereof,

that if any such

ivery to him of the Acknowledgment which he shall have given for the same: Provided always, Receipt or Discharge shall not be so brought to any such Office as aforesaid, within such Space of twenty-one Days as aforesaid, it shall nevertheless be lawful to carry such Receipt or Discharge to the said head Office to be stamped in like Manner, within three Calendar Months after the Date thereof, paying the Duty for the same, and also the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum on such Duty, by Way of Penalty for not having before paid such Duty, on Payment of which Duty and Penalty^ the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to stamp such Receipt or Discharge, in the same Manner as if the same had been brought to the said Office within the Space of twenty-one Days from the Date thereof; but the said Commissioners, or any of their Officers, shall not on any Pretence whatever, except as herein after directed, stamp any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy or Part of Legacy, or any Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part thereof, shall be written or signed with the said new Stamps, or any of them, unless the Duty for the same shall be paid, and such Receiptor Discharge shall be produced to be so stamped in Manner aforesaid, within the Times and in the Manner herein-before respectively limited and appointed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, upon Oath or Affirmation, to be administered by a Justice of the Peace, or Master or Masters Extraordinary in Chancery, which Oath or Affirmation such Persons are hereby empowered to administer, that less Duty has been paid for any Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue, than ought to have been paid for the same, by Mistake, without any Intention to defraud; and if Application shall be

made to the Cud Commissioners to rectify such Mistake, and accept the Duty really due before any Suit

i£ shall

Copy of Entry at SuetSft Office of Payment of Duty, Evidence* Stampt Receipts for Annuities not required but on completing Payments for each of the firrt four Years.

Penalty of 10l. -per Cent, for paying or receiving Legacies without flampt Receipts.

Receipts to be flampt within 21 Days after Dace, on which an Acknowledgment of Payment of the Duty shall be written,

Receipts may

be flampt within three Months after Date, on Payment of Duty, and 10L per Cent. Penalty;

but none to be flampt unless the Duty be paid, and they are brought to be fiampt'With* in the limited Time.

Mistakes in paying Duty may be rectified, if no Suit bcinflituted, on Payment of the Difference within three

300

Months, and 10l. per Cent.

Persons paying or receiving Money contrary to this Act, indemnified on difeo-vering the other Offender.

t

If by Infancy or Absence Legacies cannot be paid, the Money may be paid into the Bank, and laid out in the 3l. per

Cents.

If such Money he improperly paid in, the Chancery may dispose thereof.

If more than the proper Duty has been paid, the Commissioners for Stamps may ntum the Excel's j

and if li/s, on Payment of the full Duty, the ‘Chancery n.ay order Repayment to the Pany.

If it shall appear to the Commissioners for Stamps, at the End of two Years after the Death of any Pctfon, that it will require Time to collect the Effects, or be difficult to afe^rtain the Residue of the Personal Estate, the Duty may lOtr.pou tided lor: ,

C. 52. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

shall be instituted concerning the same, and within three Calendar Months after Payment of the Money actually paid instead of the just Duty, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to accept the Difference between the Money paid and the just Duty, together with the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum on such Difference, by Way of Penalty, in full for the just Duty, and which shall be in Discharge of all Penalties incurred by Non-payment of such Duty, and to cause an Acknowledgment of the Payment of the just Duty to be written on the Receipt or Discharge given for such Legacy or Residue or Part of Residue, and to be subscribed by the proper Officer, and also to cause such Receipt or Discharge to be properly stamped if necessary, in the same Manner as would have been done if the just Duty had been originally paid.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Party or Parties paying or satisfying any

Legacy, or any Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part of such Residue, or receiving the same, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, who shall, within the Space of twelve Calendar Months after the Offence committed, discover the other Party or Parties offending therein, so that such Party or Parties so discovered be thereupon convicted, such Person so discovering shall be indemnified and discharged from all Penalties incurred for any Offence against this Act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of the Infancy, or Absence

beyond the Seas, of any Person entitled to any Legacy, or to the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part thereof, chargeable with Duty by virtue of this Act, the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of any Will or Testamentary instrument, or the Administration of such Personal Estate, cannot pay such Legacy or some Part thereof, although he, she, or they may have Effects for that Purpose, or cannot pay such Residue, or some Part thereof, although he, she, or they may have the same, or some Part thereof, in his, her, or their Hands, it shall be lawful for such Personor Persons to pay such Legacy, or Residue, or any Parts or Part thereof respectively, or any Sum or Sums of Money on Account thereof, after deducting the Duty chargeable thereon,/into the Bank of England, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to the Account of the Person or Persons for whose Benefit the same shall be so paid; for Payment of which Money the said Accountant General shall give his Certificate as usual in such cases, on Production of the Certificate of the Commissioners of Stamps, that the Duty thereon ha9 been duly paid and such Payment into the Bank shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Money so paid in, provided the Duty be also paid thereon as aforesaid; and such Money when paid in shall be laid out by the said Accountant General, without any formal Request for that Purpose, in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, which, with the Dividends thereon, shall be transferred and paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or otherwise applied for his or their Benefit, on Application to the Court of Chancery, by Petition or Motion, in a summary Way: Provided always, that if it shall afterwards appear that such Money, or any Part thereof, has been improperly paid into the Bank as aforesaid, it shall also be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon Petition, in a summary Way to dispose thereof, and of the Annuities purchased therewith, and the Dividends received thereon, in such Manner as Justice shall require: Provided also, that if it shall appear that the Duty paid in respect of any such Sum of Money was more than ought to have been paid, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall have paid such Duty, to apply to the said Commissioners for Management of the Stamp Duties, to repay such Excel's of Duty; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized, upon such Application, to repay such Excels of Duty to the Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled to receive the same, or to pay such Excess of Duty into the Bank, with the Privity of the said Accountant General for the Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled, there to be placed to the same Account, and to be applied in the same Manner as the same would have been applicable, if paid together with the Remainder of the Legacy, or Sum of Money, in respect of which the same shall have been paid; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to make such Payments respectively out of the Monies in their Hands, arising from Duties imposed by this Act; and if the Duty paid to the said Commissioners shall appear to be less than the Duty which ought to have been paid, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who paid such Money into the Bank as aforesaid, upon Payment of the full Duty to the said Commissioners, in such Manner as the same ought to be paid, with such Penalties, if any, as ought to be paid in respect thereof, to apply to the Court of Chancery, in a luminary Way, for the Repayment of the further Sum paid to the said Commissioners for such Duty out of the Money in the Bank so paid in by such Person or Persons, or the Produce thereof, which Payment the said Court is hereby authorized to order. ’, \ p. ‘

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if at the End of two Years after the Death of any Person de era fed, it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, that it will require Time to collect the Debts or Efiefts of such Person then ouestanding, or that from Circumstances it will be difficult to ascertain or adjust the Amount of the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of such Person liable to Duty, and the Parties interested therein shall be desirous of compounding for the Duty thereon, it shall be lawful for such Parties respectively, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, to make Application to the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, if the deceased Person resided in England or elsewhere, except in Scotland, and to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, if the Deceased resided in Scotland, for Leave to compound such Duty, stating upon Oath the Particulars of the Personal Estate for which such Composition shall be proposed to be made, by Affidavit to be filed in the said Court, and declaring at the same Time upon Oath, whether any other Property of the Deceased then outstanding besides the Property for which such Composition shall be proposed to be made, hath come to the Knowledge of the said Parties* or any of them, and the Nature thereof, and the Circumstances attending the same; and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer m England 01 Scotland^ as the Case

4., \ :i I -, S &2U r4 may

3d

ft.*

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

may be, to appoint a proper Person to set a Value on the Persona! Estate, or such Part thereof, for which no Duty shall have been charged, and which shall be specified in such Affidavit as the Property for which such Composition shall be desired, and to adjull and settle the Duty which, justly and equitably under all Circum-ilances, ought to be paid in respect of such Personal Estate so specified, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, if the Lid Court of Exchequer to which such Application shall be made shall confirm the said Adjustment and Settlement, and order the Duty to be accepted accordingly, and by Authority of such Order to accept Payment of the Sum so atljufted and settled, in full Discharge of the Duty on so much of such Personal Estate as shall be so specified; and according to such Order, and to enter the same in their Books accordingly, and to grant Certificates thereof, expressing the Receipt of such Duty by way of Composition under such Order; end every such Person to whom such Certificate shall be granted, and every future Representative of the same Estate, and all Persons entitled to the Benefit of the Property for which such Composition shall be so paid, shall be discharged from any further Payment of Duty on the same*, and in all future Payments of such Property, it shall be lawful for the Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any Will or Testamentary Instrument disposing such Property, or the Administration thereof, to pay, apply, and dispose of the same, and for all Persons entitled to the Benefit thereof to receive the same, without having the Receipts and Discharges in Writing, hereby required to be given and taken for the fume, stamped as herein-before directed; provided such Receipts or Discharges shall express the same to be give under the Authority of such Composition as aforesaid, and not liable to Duty: Provided always nevertheless, that the Duty shall be charged and paid upon all and every Part of the Personal Estate of such Person deceased, other than that which shall be specified in such Affidavit as aforesaid, and included in the Valuation in which such Composition shall have been made as aforesaid, and for which the said Court of Exchequer shall allow and order such Composition to be taken as aforesaid, in the same Manner as if no such Composition had been made; and all and every Person and Persons shall be liable to all the like Penalties and Forfeitures for not duly paying the Duty for such Personal Estate not compounded for, and subject to the like Rules, Methods, and Directions, for charging such Duty, as such Person and Persons respectively would be liable to if such Composition had not been made.

XXXIV'. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after Payment of Duty on any Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue, of the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, any Debt shall be recovered against the Estate of such deceased Person, or any Loss shall happen, by Reason whereof, or for any other just Cause, any Legatee or other Person, by whom any Legacy or Part ol Legacy, or any Residue of any Personal Estate, hatn been received or retained, shall be obliged to refund the same, or any Part thereof, then in every such Cale it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, and they are hereby required, on due Proof made on Oath as aforesaid, to their Satisfaction, of the Amount of such Sums refunded, and that by Reason thereof there hath been an Over-payment of Duty, to settle and adjust the Amount of such Over-payment, and to repay the same out of the Money in their Hands, arising from the Duties by this Act imposed, or to allow the same in future Payments, as the Case may permit or require.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any Will or Feftamentary Instrument, or the Administration of any Personal Estate as aforesaid, shall be entitled to any Legacy, or the Residue, or any Part of the Residue, of the Personal Estate ol any Testator, Testatrix. or Inttftate, such Person shall be chargeable with the Duty whenever he, she, or they shall be entitled, in the due Course of Administration, to retain to his, her, or their own Use, any Part of the said Estate, in SatiTuSlion of such Legacy, or Residue, or any Part thereof; and every such Person, before any such Retainer, shall transmit to the said Com in iffioners of Stamp Duties, or their Officers, a Note containing the Particulars of such Legacy, Residue, or Part of Residue, intended to be retained, and the Amount or Value thereof, and the Duty which such Person or Persons shall offer to

Eay thereon; and the said Commissioners shall charge and aiicfs the Duty thereon, in such Manner as the )uty shall be chargeable thereon by virtue of the Provisions in this Act contained, and such Duty shall be paid accordingly ;*and on Payment of the said Duty, the said Receiver General of the said Duty, or Officer appointed to receive the same, shall, at the Foot of a Duplicate of the said Assessment duly stamped, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct for such Purpose, give a Receipt for such Duty in such Form of Words as the said Commissioners shall direct, which Receipt shall be a Discharge for the Duty expressed therein; and in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect to pay such Duty as aforesaid, within fourteen Days after the same ought to have been paid as aforesaid, every such Person and Persons shall forfeit and pay treble the Value of the Duty which ought to have been paid.

XXXVI. And whereas Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of the said Acts of the twentieth, c twenty-third, and twenty-ninth Years of his Majesty's Reign, whether the Duties thereby imnoied were intended to be imposed on all Legacies, Bequests, and Dispositions by Will or Testamentary Instrument whatsoever Be it enacted and declared, That all Receipts and Discharges whatsoever for Legacies spe-cifi.c and pecuniary, and of any Nature or Rind whatsoever, and for all Personal Estate whatsoever, in any Manner given or disposed of by Will or Testamentary Instrument, whether by Way of Annuity or other particular Bequest, or by Way of Residue, or Share of Residue, or otherwise howsoever, as well as on Personal Estate, distributable upon Inieftacy, except such Dispositions as shall be made by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, with respect to which the Duties imposed by the said former Acts are hereby repealed, shall be deemed and taken to be Receipts and Discharges for Legacies, within the Intent and Meaning of the said former Acts respectively; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Legacy, or any Part of any such Legacy, shall be due and payable at the Time of passing this AQ> or who at the Time of passing this Act shall be entitled to any Residue,

or

Duty to be paid on any Pan of Pei lor al tllaies not included in the Competition.

If any Legacy be refunded, the Duty to be repaid.

Executors prft vious to retaining their Legacies to transmit the Particulars with the Duty offered, to the Commissioners of Starnes, who shall charge the same agreeable to this Act.

Penalty for Negk A ot* Payment of Duty for 14 Days.

Receipts for Legacies except thofeby Wilis, respecting which the Duties imposed by A£U mentioned in the Preamble, are repealed, to be deemed Receipts within the Mtaning of those Acts;

and such Receipts to be

*39 2

C. c. 3.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

given for Legacies due at pairing this Act, and for Legacies becoming due afterwards, on which no Duty is hereby imposed.

If Adminiflra. tien be made void, and any Duty shall have been improperly paid, it shall be repaid; but if it ought to have been paid, it shall be fllOwed in Account with flie rightful

Persons swear. ing falsely, guilty of Perjury.

Penalty of 500l. for altering Receipts. ‘

Persons forging Stamps, &c. to suffer Death.

Receipts duly damped, free from all other Duties.

Ptw.rs of former Acts relating to Stamps, to extend to this Act.

or any Share or Part of any Residue, of any Personal Estate, under any such Will or Testamentary Instrument, or upon Inteftacy, and also all and every Person and Persons who shall become entitled to any Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue, of any such Personal Estate, after the passing of this Act, upon which no Duty is imposed by this Act, and upon which the Duties imposed by the said former Act remain in Force and unrepealed, shall, upon Receipt or other Satisfaction or Discharge of any such Legacy, or Part of such Legacy, or Residue or Part of such Residue, sign and give a Receipt or Discharge in Writing, duly stamped as required by the said former Acts respectively; and the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of any Personal Estate, shal I have the like Powers to require such Receiptor Discharge in Writing, and to retain the Duty payable in respect thereof, and the Person and Persons paying, or otherwise satisfying or discharging, and the Person or Persons receiving, or being otherwise satisfied for such Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue, shall be in like Manner Debtors for the Duty imposed on such Receipt or Discharge in case of Non-payment of such Duty, and to the like Penalties for enforcing due Payment thereof, ashy this Act are provided with respect to the Duties hereby imposed ow Legacies, and Residue of Personal Estate of Persons dying after the passing of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the Authority under or by colour of which any Person shall

haveadministered the Estate or Effects of any Person deceased, or any Part thereof, shall be void, or be repealed, or declared void, and such Person shall, before the Avoidance, Repeal, or Declaration of Avoidance, have paid any Duty hereby imposed, or any Duty imposed by any of the said former Acts, which shall not be allowed to such Person out of the Estate or Effects of such deceased Person, by reason that the same Duty was not really due or payable, the Money paid for such Duty shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, be repaid to the Person or Persons who shall have paid the same, or his, her, or their Representatives, by the said Commissioners, out of any Monies in their Hands arising from the Duties imposed by this Act, or the said former Acts; but in case such Duty ought to have been paid by the rightful Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, of such deceased Person, then and in such Case the Payment of such Duty shall be valid and effectual, notwithstanding such Avoidance, Repeal, or Declaration of Avoidance as aforesaid; and no such Person shall, by reason of the Avoidance, Repeal, or Declaration of Avoidance of such Authority, be sued, molested, or troubled for or in respect of such Payment; but all such Payments, in respect of the said Duty, shall be allowed in Account with such rightful Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, and the same shall be deemed Payments in the due Course of Administration, as fully and effectually as if such Payments had been made by rightful Executors or Administrators; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon any Oath or Affirmation be-

fore the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or Commissioners of Land Tax, or any Person or Persons authorized by this Act to administer any such Oath or Affirmation, shall wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm, or alledge any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of any oTthe said Duties hereby imposed, or with Intent to charge any Person or Persons with any greater or other Duty than such Person or Persons ought to be charged with, every such Person or Persons fo offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being, any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is subject and liable to ’

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall alter any Word, Letter, Figure, or Number, in any Assessment or Receipt to be made or given in pursuance of this Act, for any of the said Duties, after the same shall have been signed by the Officer appointed to sign the same, according to the Directions of this Act, or shall utter or publish as true any such altered Alledment or Receipt, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any other Person or Persons, then and in such Case every Person so altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or used, in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Intention to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or shall utter, vend, sell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duty, with such counterfeit Impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently ule any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors. of the said Duty, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, or any Part of any Legacy, or for any Residue, or Part of Residue, of any Personal Estate, which shall be duly stamped as required by this Act, shall be free and discharged from all Stamp Duties imposed by the said recited Acts, or by any other Act of Parliament upon Receipts or Discharges for Money; and that every such Receipt or Discharge which shall be duly stamped as required by the said recited Acts, and upon which no new Duty is imposed by this Act, shall be also free and discharged from any Stamp Duty imposed by any other Act upon Receipts or Discharges for Money.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisoes, Articles, Clauses, Allowances, and all Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and not hereby altered, shall

hi

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 303

be of full Force and EflFedl with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Exe-cution for the raising, levying, coiledling, and securing the said Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had feve-nHv^nd respectively been hereby rc-enacted, with relation to the said Duties hereby imposed.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed, where no other Mode of Prosecution is spedally prescribed by this Act, shall, if lucd for within the Space of three Calendar Months from the Time of any such Penalty or Forfeiture being incurred, be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and the other Moiety thereof, with full Cods of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid; and which shall and may be sued for

Recovery and Application or Penalties sued for within three Months.

1

re-

el the Receiver general for the line Deingot the ifcall pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster, a

Plaint, or Information, wherein no Efibin, Privilege, V allowed; but neVfcttheless it shall be lawfuffor his Majesty

Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that such Penalty was incurred without any Intention of Fraud, to (top all further Proceedings, by entering a noli prosequi, or otherwise, with respect as well to the Share of such Penalty claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty* I '. 7 -

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Default of Prosecution within the Time" herein-before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, -except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, and of his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the Court of Exchequer in England.or Scotland respectivt-lv, in which Case the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors* shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties for the Time being, any Law, Usage or Cudom to the contrary notwithstanding; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties <rr F orfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred 11 covering the same, to be paid thereout to or amongd any Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as Informers, m respectoT such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing hereirfeon-tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising from the said Duties herein-before granted, and also the Duties anfing from the said former Acts of the twentieth, twenty-third, and twenty-binth Years aforesaid, not hereby repealed, and all Arrears of the said Rates and Duties hereby repealed, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General, for the Time being of the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who

raising and accounting for the same being deducted) into hi^ at and in such Manner as other Duties ort

damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid, and the same shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund. I

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, out of the Monies that shall be paid into the said Receipt of the said Duties hereby imposed, and of the said former Duties not hereby repealed, and Arrears of Duties hereby repealed, the Sum of ten thousand two hundred and sixty-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings, being one fourth Part of the Sum of forty-one thousand and seventy-nine Pounds, the annual Average Produce forthrec Years, ending the first Day of Augu/lone thousand seven hundred and ninety - five, of the Whole ©fthcTaid former Duties, shall quarterly, on the hfth Day of July, the tenth Day of October, the fifth Day of January, and the fifth Day of April, in every Year, during the Period of ten Years, be set ap*frt from the Remainder of the said Monies; and that after the setting apart at the said Receipt (it Exchequer at the End cfeach such Quarter, the Sum of ten thousand two hundred and sixty-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings, the said Remainder of the said Monies arising or to arise of the said several Duties, and of Arrears as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made by virtue of any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Remainder of the said Monies shall, during the Space often Years next entiling, be paid into the said Receipt diflincily and apart from all other Branches of the Pubjic Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept, at the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which the said Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates or Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charg s as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-tceflors, on any Account whatever.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any T hing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case the said Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in ^urfeanee itftid by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or »f any such Action or Suit

Saits for Penal*

ty ir.cn rred without Inten* tien of Fraud, may be Hopped.

Recovery and Application of Penalties not sued for v/ithin

tlircc Months.

Commissioners 01 Stamps may reward Inform, ers.

Duties to be pai i. to the Receivec General of Stamp Duties* and by him pan! into the Exchc* qutr.

Exchequerto set apart a Propor* tien of the Du

ties for jo

Years, and the

Remainder to W

applied in defraying any i:\-created Charge occassioned by any Loan of this Session, and kept with other Duties granted for the same Purpose tepa-rate from other Monies.

UrhittttOn'df

Actions*

General IfToc*

3°4*

Treble Costs,

C. 52.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796

shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought many other County, City, or Place, than as aforesaidr then and in every such Case the Jury shall hnd for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon such VerdiS, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, or if a Verdict shallpafs against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases determined by Law.

The SCHEDULE to which the Act refers.

M

for Receipts and Discharges, given under this Act.

STAMP OFFICE

On Account of the Personal Estate of-;— deceased, between

{aid Estate, and Legatee [$r, next of Kin, as the Case may be].

Amount of the Sum [*r Value, if not in Money] accounted for, x

Duty allowed- at the Rate of

per Ceutufn,

Balance received

taking the Administmion of the

Received the *— Day of —---the above Balance in [full, or Part, as the Case may be] of my

[Legacy, or Share, as the

may be] out of the Personal Estate above-mentioned.

Signed

v>

rn

.4

!7q6.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

C.

TABLE

I.

The Values of an Annuity of ^T.ioo per Annum,

held on a single Life, and payable Yearly.

Years of Age*

Birth

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

3

9

IO’

11 12

13

14

15

16

«7

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

2 5

16

27

28

29

3°

3‘

32

33

34

35

36

33

39

40

4«

42

43

54

Values.

,£ j- </.

,032 14 ,346 10

>563 6

,646 4

>701; (B ,724 16

,743 4

,761 2

,766 4 ,762 10

,752 6

,739 6 ,725-2

,710 6

,695 —

,679

,662 IO

,646 4

,630 18 ,616 14 ,603 6

>59* 4

,579 «.* ,5681

,556‘

,543.16.

>S3Z 4 ,518 8

,5®5- 6

,491 46

,47s f2

,463 .18 ,449-10

,4344 >4

,415T- 10 ,403 18 ,388 —

>37‘ >2, ,354 «6 ,337 10 ,3*9 H

,3°« 16 ,283.16

,265 14

r,247 4

Years of Age.

45

46

47

48

49

50

51

52

53

54

55

56

57

53

59

60

61

Values.

1,228

1,208

1,189

1,168

1,147

1,126

1,105

1,084

1,063

1,042

1,020

997

974

951

928

903

879

854

829

803

776

748

721

693

664

636

607

579

550

523

496

471

445

419

392

364

337 312

288

270

254

239

22C

213

196

175

6 18

10

10 8

14

18

*4

2

2

14

18

12

18

10

14

2

2

16

14

2

10

14

4

14

6

14

4

J4

16

6

6

14

16

306

C. $2,

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

TABLE

II.

\ >» 1 wj,;

The Values of an Annuity of 100, payable Yearly,

held on the Joint Continuance of Two Lives.

i

Values. of the Annuities.

IO

Ages

of the Younger Lives.

4

I

12*

i

I

170 2

-170 4

.70 6

170 3

170 *5-

171 O

171. 9

*/' 16

.172 2

172 4

L 72 5

Values* of the Annuities.

72

72

71

7°

68

66

65

1

56

33

s.

7

8

9

4

10

5 5 7 3 7

o

9

I

&9 89 IOI # IO

89 - 88 IO4 9 —

&9 8? 107 9 —

89. v 86 I IO 8 —

S9 - - 85. '>3 8 —

89 - - 84 116 8 —

89 83 121 J3 —

89. 82 126 18 —

89 - - 8l 132 3 —

89 80 l37 8 —

89 - 79 142 14

89 - -78 145 1 I

89. - 77 148 8 —

89 76 15/ 5 —

89 75 '54 2

89 - 74 '57

89 7 3 '59 6 —

89 72 x 61 12

89. w 4 71- 163 18 —

89 70 166 4 —

89 69 168 IO —-

89 63 169 16 —

89 - 67 171 3 —

89. 66 172 9 —

89 - 65 73 16 —

89 64. '75 z

<ive

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

89

*9

89

89

fin

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

TABLE II.—continued.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

63

62

61

60

59

58

57

56

55

5+

53

52

5l

5°

49

48

47

46

45

44

43

42

41

40

39

38

37

36

35

34

33

32

31

3°

29

28

27

26

25

24

23

22

21

20

Values of the Annuities. Ages of the Elder Lives, Ages of the-Younger Lives. V alues of the Annuities. Ages of the Elder Lives.

£. s. d. £ s. d.

75 17 — 89 19 190 8 — 88

76 12 — 89 18 190 16 — -88

77 7 — 89 >7 191 4 — 88

78 2 — 89 16 91 12 — 88:

78 16 — 89 *5 192 8K

79 7 ~ 89 J4 92 8 — 88

79 19 — 89 13 192 10 — 88

80 IO -89 1 2 192 12 — 88

81 2 — 89 11 192 13 — 83

81 14 —. 89 IO 192 12 — &8

82 3 — 89 9 192 7 — 88

82 12 — 89 8 191 10 — 88

83, r — 89 7 190 2 —. 88

83 10 — 89 6 .83 7 — 88

84 89 5 l86 2 88

84 7 89 4 184 1 I. 88

84 15 — 89 3 !8o 3 — 88

85 2 —. 89 2 73 '9 — 88

85 10 — 89 1 *54 1 — 88

cr t.Q Q ft

05 I 0 86 3 - 88- 88 103 — OO 88

86 8 — 8-8 87 107 n — 83

86 \y — 88 86 112 3 —. 88

86 18* — - &3 85 116 14 — 83

87 4 — 88 84 .121 6 — -. 83

87 8 — 88 83 125 18 — 88

87 I'2 - 88 82 I }I 1-3 — S8

87 1.6 — 88, 81 '37 8 — _ 88

88 - 88 80 143 3 — - 88

88 4 — 88 79 14 8 18 — - 88

88 7 — -- 83 - 78. 154 12 — 88

88 10 — 88 77 '57 12 — S8

88 13 - 88 76 l6o I3:. 88

88 1.6 — 88 75 163 13—. 88

8S 18 — 88 74 l66 I4. 8-8

89 88 73 169 I4. - 88

89 3 — 88 72 72 2* —. 88

89 5 — 88 7i 174 10 — 88

89 8 —. 8.8 7°' 176 l8 —. 83

89 IO —. 38 69 I 79 & — 83

89 13 —I 88 63 181 14. — - 83

89 17 — 88 67 183 1 — ... 83

90 88 66. 184 9 — 88

90 4. — T. 88 0 65- 185 16 — 88 r

Ages of the Younger Lives.

64

63

62

61

60

59

58

57

56

55

54

53

52 51

5°

49

48

47

46

45

44

43

42

4i

40

39

38

37

36

35

34

33

32

3*

3°

29

28

308 C. 52.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 179

TABLE II.—continued.

Ages

of the Younger Lives.

Values of the Annuities.

Ages of the Younger Livt'S.

V alues of the Annuities.

Ages of the Elder

Lives.

Ages of the Younger

Lives.

Values of the Annuities

J.

20I 4

2q2 2

88 9 207 l9

88 8 207 2

88 7 2°5 10

88 6 203 11

88 5 201 —

88 4 199 4

88 3 *94 6

88 2 187 7

88 1 1 165 13

I 12

169 15

179 8

l8l l6

208

87 37 213

8 7 36 2I3 5

87 35 2 >3 10

87 34 213 *5

87 I 33 214 —

87 32 214 4

87 1 S1 214 7

87 3° 1214 11

»7 29 - 214 14

S7 28 214 18

87 27 215 2

87 I, 26 215 5

87 25 215 8

87 24 2 *5 11

87 23 215 14

87 22 215 16

87 21 U16 3

211 l6

209 l6

204 10 —

'97

173 19 —

!I9 10 —

I25 3 —

i3° l6

U36 9 —

142 2 —

i47 l6 —

*53 -

158 5 —

l63 9 —

168 14 —

A.D. 1yg6'. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

TABLE II.—continued

Ages of the Elder Lives.

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

86

220 15

221 8 222 2

Ages of the Y our.ger Lives. Values of the Annuities. Ages of the Elder 11 b Lives. Ages of the Younger. Lives.

63 £ * d. 207 14 — 86 H: i '9

62 209 2 86 18

6l 210 IO 86 *7

- 60 2 II 9 86 l6

59 212 8 86 15

58 21-3- 7 — 86 ! 14

57 214 6 — 86 >3

56 215 6 — 86 12

55- 2i6 86 I I

54 2l6 14 86 IO

Valr.es of the Annuities.

222 IO 1 22 2 l8 — 1 86 I I84

A/ A 1 223 6 — 223 14 — s5 85 133

224 2 s5 84 139

224 9 — 8 5 83 144

524 17 — 85 82 15°

225 4 — / 85 81 *55

225 12 1 85 80 l6o

226 79 i65

226 5 — 85 78 170

226 10 — 85 77 l7S

226 15 85 76 l80

227 85 [> 75 185

227 4 — 35 74 I89

227 8 — 85 73 193

227 12 — 85 72 1 I96

227 16 — 85 71 2 CO

228 — 85 7° 204

228 4 — 85 69 206

228 7 — 85 68 209

228 10 — 85 67 21 1

228^13 — 85 66 213

228 16 — 85 65 216

,229 - 85 64 217

[229 10 — I 85 63 219

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages

of the Younger Lives.

Values of the Annuities.

£ s.

85 62 220 11 —

85 61 222 -

85 60 223 8

85- 59 224 8 —

85 53 225 8 —

85 57 226 8 —

85 56 227 8 —

85 55 228 8 —

85 54 229 3

85 53 229 l8 —

85 52 230 13 —

85 i 51 231 8 —

85 5° 232 4 —

85 49 232 *7 —

85 48 233 11 —

85 47 234 4 —

85 46 234 18 —

85 45 235 12 —

85 44 236 1 —

85 43 236 10 —

85 42 236 19 —

85 41 2 37 8 —

85 4° 237 18 —

85 39 238 5 —

85 38 238 l3 —

85 37 239 8 —

85 36 239

85 35 239 16 —

85 34 240 1 —

85 33 240 6 —

85 32 240 11 —

85 31 240 16 —

85 3° 241 2 —

85 29 241 6 —

85 28 241 10 —

85 27 241 14 —

85 26 241 18 —

85 25 242 2 —

85 24 242 6 —

85 23 .242 10 —

85 22 242 14 —

85 21 242 18 —

85 20 243 2 —

85, J9 1 243 14 —

Ct Anno tricesimo sexto Gsorou III. A.D. 1796.

Table it.—continue

Values I of the I Annuities. 1

s* d. I

244 7 —

244 19 —

245 12 —1

246 4 —

246 9 —

246 14 —

246 19 —

247 4 —

24 7 7 —

247 2 —

246 1 —

244 % 2 ‘—

241 *3 —

238 9 —

236

229 i6 —

221 2 —

*94 17 H

Values of the Annuities.

247

10

Values of the

Annuities

IO

I

IO

210

220

31 255

3° 256

29 256

28 2; 6

27 256

26 256

-25 257

24 257

23 257

22 258

21 238

221

ives

63

62

61

60

59

58

57

56

55

5+

53

52

51

5°

49

48

47

46

45

44

43

42

4l

40

39

38

37

36

35

34

33

32

31

3°

29

28

27

26

25

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. C2.

IS

TABLE II.—continued.

Ages

of the Younger Lives.

Value of the Annuities.

[Junk from misread table of annuities removed.]

CO

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

§ V i, ~ ~ .

TABLE II. — continued.

Values of the Annuities,

c

o 14

322 I

323 8

324 14

325 *8

327 3

328 7

329 12

330 16

331 12

332

333

334

Values of the Annuities.

I Ages Ages Values

I of the ! of the of the

I Elder Younger Annuities.

1 Lives. Lives.

9 — 5 — 79 79

2 79 73

18 — 79 77

I I 79 76

5 H 79 75

l8 79 74

12 79 73

6 79 72

15 — 79 71

4 1 1 79 70

*3 — 79 69

2 79 68

12 79 67

19 — 79 66

7 — 79 65 -

14 — 79 64

2 — I 79 63

IO 1 79 62

17 — I '79 6l

4 — 79 60

11 — 79 59

18 — 79 58

6 — 1 79 57

5 - I .79 56

5 — 1 79 55

4 — 1 79 54

4 — I 79 53

4 — I 79 52

14 — I 79 51

4 — I 79 50

14 — I 79 49

4 — I 79 48

14 — 1 79 47

46

45

44

43

42

41

40

39

38

37

36

35

34

33

32

31

3°

29

28

27

26

25 1

24

23

22

21

20

19

18

*7

16

35

14

*3 12

II.

IO.

9

8

7 6

5

4

3:

4

2

9

8

6

£* -f-

352 15

354

355'

356

357

357

358

359

360

361

361

362

3 63

363

364 36 4

365

365

366

366

367

367

367

368

368

369 369 37°

371

372

373

374

375

376 376

376

377 377 375

372 368

363 35«

348

4

8

2 6 6

7

7

8

8

6

4

2

O

8

8

3 8 8 8

0

2

4 6

8

4

1

7

3

o

9

8

7

9

8

4

52

the

lder

ives.

79

79

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

,78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78'

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

78

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

TABLE II.—continued.

Values of the Annuities.

333 *2

292 14

Ages I of the Elder. Lives. Age* of the Younger Lives. Values I of the J Annuities. 1 Ages of the Elder Lives.

C s. d. I

7s 38 384 8 ""I 77

78 37 385 3 —I 77

73 36 385 18 — 77

78 35 386 *3 — 77

78 34 387 8 — 77

78 33 388 2 — 77

78 4 32 388 13 — 77

78 31 389 4 " I 77

78 3° 389 is - 77

78 29 39° 6 — 77

78 28 390 16 — 77

78 27 391 5 — 77

20

290

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

TABLE II.—continued.

Ag« of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. V alues I of the 1 Annuities. I

1 % 77 29 £ s. 412 16 —

77. 28 413 8 —1

77 27 414 1

77 26 414 9 —I

77 25 414 I9 — ]

77 24 415 8 —

77 23 415 18 —1

77 22 416 8 —j

77 21 417 6 —]

77 20 418 5 —

77 >9 419 3 —

77 18 420 2 —j

77 J *7 421 -J

77 l6 422 3 —

77; 15- 423 6 —

77 424 9 —I

77 *3 425 *3-—I

77 I 2 426 l6 I

77 11 425 I7 —j

77 10 424 19 —j

77 9 424 1 —j

77 8 423 2 —j

77 7 422 4 —j

77 ! 6 417 n —

77 1 5 411 4 — j

77 4 405 16 —j

77 3 393 *8 —j

77 2 376 19 —1

77 1 329 *3 —j

76 76- 283 6 — j

76 75 202 I 8

76 ! 74 300 l6 —8

76 j 73 309 M — 3

76 72 3*8 6 —1

76 ! 71 327 j

76 i 70 333 *4 —J

76 69 340 9 —j

76 68 347 3 —

76 67 353 J8 —

76 66 360 12 j

76 65 364 18 —I

76 j 64 369 4. 1

Ages of the Elder

Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

7.6

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

76

63

62

61

60

59

58

57

56

55

54

53

52

51

5°

49

48

47

46

45

44-

43

42.

41 40

39

38

37

36

35

34

33

32

3*

3°

29

28

27

26

25

24

23

22

21

20

Values of the Annuities. Ages of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. Values of the Annuities.

I J* d. 76 s, d.

373 IO 19 441 11 —

377 l6 76 18 442 15 —

382 2 76 17 - 444 -

385 76 \6 445 4 —

387 18 _l 76 % J5; 445 18 —

39° l6 I 7^ 14 446 12 —

393 14 —1 76 J3 447 6 —

396 1 2 — 76 12 448

398 J5 — 76 I I 448 14 —

400 18 _ 76 IO 447 -

403 I 76 9 445 7 —

405 4 — 76 - 8 443 '3 —

407 8 — 76 7 442 m

409 7 — 76 6 440 6 —

4II 6 — 76 5 432 4 —

413 5 " 76 4 427 2 —

4*5 4 _ 76 3 415 14 —

4i7 2 — 76 2 397 16 —

4* 8 9 - 76 1 346 12 —

419 16 —1

421 3 —j

422 IO 75 75 301 10 —

423 l6 — 75 74 3l° j 2 —

424 19 —1 75 73 3*9 *5 —

426 2 75 72 3^8 *7 —

427 5 —\ 75 71 338

428 8 —j 75 7° 347

429 IO 75 69 353 l6

45° 6 —j 75 68 36° IO

431 2 — I 75 67 3^7 4 —

431 18 — 75. 66 373 is —

432 14 —j 75 .65 380 12 —

433 10 — I 75 64 384 18 —

434 2 — 75 63 389 4 —

434 *4 — I 75 62 393 10 —

435 6 —| 75 6t 397 16 — A

435 18 — 75 60 402 w

436 10 — 75 59 405 2

437 - 75 58 408 2

437 II — 1 75 57 411 2

438 1 — 75 56 414 2

438 12 75 55 4'7 2

439 2 j 75 54 419 7 —

440 6 —j 75 53 1 .421 >3 —

C» f>2*

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796

TABLE II.—continued.

V alues of the Annuities

75 8

75 7

75 6

75 5

75 4

75 3

75 2

75 I

74 74

74 73

74. 72

74 71

74 70

74 69

74 68

74 67

- 74 66

74 65

74 64

74 63

74 62

74 6l

74 60

74 59

74 58

74 57

74 56

74 55

74 54

74 53

74 52

74 51

74. 5°

74 49

74. 48

74 47

74 46

74: 45

74 44

74 43

74 42

74 41

V alues of the

Annuities.

j Ages I of the I Elder j Lives. 1 1 AgC6 > of the Younger Lives. Values of the Annuities.

1 74 40 £ s. d. 467 10 —

74 39 469

74 38 470 3 —

J 74 37 47l 7 —

74 36 472 10 —

1 74 35 473 J4 —

1 74 34 474 *8 —

74 33 475 J5 —

j 74 32 476 12

j 74 3l 477 9 —

1 74 3° 478 6 —

I 74 - 29 479 4 —

1 74 28 479 18 —

74 1 27 480 12

I 74 26 481 6 —

j 74 25 482

I 74 ! 24 482 14 —

I 74 1 23 483 9 —

1 74 22 484 5 —

I 74 21 485

j 74 1 20 485 16 —

j 74 i J9 486 12 —

1 74 18 488 5 —

j 74 ! »7 489 19 —

1 74 l6 491 12 —

74 5 493 6 —

1 74 14 495

1 74 !3 495 7 —

j 74 12 495 *5 —

I 74 I I 496 2

1 74 10 496 JO —

1 74 9 496 18 —

1 74 8 496 12

S 74 7 494

5 74 6 487 14 —

S 74 1 5 479 18 —

8 74 4 472 12 —

j 74 3 459 6 —

1 74 2 439 12 —

1 74 1 383 4 —

1 73 73 342 2 —

73 1* 72 *T 351 «4 —

0

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Geor<5ii III. C. 52.

TABLE II.—continued.

Age* of the Elder Lives. of the Younger Lives. Values of the Annuities. Ages of the Elder Lives. - - Ages of the Younger Lives.

£. s. d.

73 71 361 6 — 73 27

73 7° 370 18 — 73 26

73 69 380 IO 73 25

73 68 390 2 —! 73 24

" 73 67 396 l6 \ 73 23

73 66 403 10 —I 73 22

73 65 410 4 —! 73 21

73 64 416 18 73. 20

73 63 423 12 —J 73 9

73' 62 427 19 —5 73 18

73' 61 1 432 7 —5 73 '7

73‘ i 60 436 14 — ] 73 l6

73- i 59 441 2 —? I 73 J5

73 58 445 ,o — 73 # 14

73 57 448 '3 —; 73 *3

73 5<5 451 *7 — 73 12

73 55 455 j 73 1 I

73 54 458 4 — 73 IO

73 53 461 8 —* 73 9

73 52 464 ~ 73 8

-73 51 466 14 —5 73 7

73 5° 469 7 —3 73 6

73 49 47 2 i 73 5

73 48, 474 12 —j 73 4

73 47 476 LI —i 73 3

73 46 4', S 14 —* 73 2

73 45 480 15 — 73 1

73 44 482 16 — 4

-73 43 484 16 — 1 4

73 42 486 9 — b 72 72

73 41 488 2 — j j 72 7*

- 73 40 489 15 — 72 70

73 39 491 8 — 72. 69

73 38 493 1 72 68 X*

73 37 494 4 — 72 6 7

73 36 495 9 — 72 66

73 - 35 496 *3 — 72 65

73 34 497 x8 — 72 64 X*

73 - 33 499 2 — ! 72 63 x*'

73 - 32 5°° — H i 72 62

73 - 3* 5OO IO, 72 61

73 - 30 501 16 — 72 60

73 29 502 14 72 59

73 28 503 12 — J 72 58

Values of the Annuities. Ages of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. Values of the Annuities*

£ j. r/. C J. J.

5°4 6 — 72 57 467 18 —

5°5 1 — 72 j 56 471 4 —

5°5 J5 — 72 55 474 11 — §

506 IO 72 54 477 17 —

507 4 — 7.2 53 481 4 —

508 4 — 72 52 484 10 —

5°9 5 — 72 511 487 5 —

510 5 — 72 5° 490 -

511 6 — 72 49 492 *5 —

512 6 — 72, 48 495 10 —

5>4 1 — 7.2 47 498 6 —

5>6 7 — 72 46 500 7 —

5*7 12 — 72 45 502 9 —

5*9 8 — 7 2 44 504 10 —

521. 4 — 72 43 506 12 —

521 0 H 72 42 508 14 —

52° 18 — 7.2 4i 5J° 9 —

520 *5 — 7 2 40 512 4 —

520 12 — 72 39 5r3 19 —

52° 8 — 72 38 5*5 14 —

5*7 18 — 72 37 5*7 8 —

512 16 — 72 36 518 *3 —

504 2 — 72 35 5*9 l8 —

496 12 — 72 34 521 3 —

481 2 — 72. 33 522 8 —

460 10 — 72 32 523 12

401 10 — 72 31 524 I I —

4 72 3° 525 IO

72 29 526 9 —

363 is — 72 28 527 8 —

373 12 — 72 27 528 6 —

383 6 — 72 26 529

393 72 25 529 16 —

402 14 — 72 24 53° 11 — _^p

412 8 — 72 23 53* 6 —

419 I — 72 22 53 2 2 —

425 15 — 72 21 533 9 "

43 2 8 — 72 20 534 16 —

439 72 »9 536 3 —

445 l6 [ 72 18 537 IO

45° 4 _ 1 72 *7 53 s l8

454 *3 -H 72 l6 540 13 "

459 I —— 72 ‘5 542 9 —

463 IO — 72 1 1 I# 4; 544 4 —

3*7

3t8

C. 52.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

TABLE II.—continued.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

Values of the Annuities

72 13 / 546

72 12 547

72 11 54

72 10 545

72 m e 9 1 544

.72 8 543

72 7 541

72 6 534

72 5 528

72 1 4 52°

72 3 5°4

72 2 4$i

72 1 4*9

Ages of the Younger Lives.

Values of the Annuities.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

Values of the Annuities,

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

TABLE II.—continued.-

1 Ages of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. Values of the Annuities. Ages of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. Values 1 of the 1 Annuities. 1 Ages of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. Value of the Annuities.

£ x. d. £ x. dA s 1 d»

70 25 57 8 18 —1 69 52 543 1 —j 69 8 623 6 —

70 24 578 69 51 546 14 — 69: 7 617 l6

70 23; 589 17 —1 69 5° 55° 8 H 69 6 6lO 8

70 22 580 15 ~ 1 69 49 554 2 — 69 5 600 14 —

70 21 5Sl 14 — 69 48 557 4 — 69 4 592 8 —

70 20 58.2 12 —j 69 47 560 6 — 60 3 573 8 —

70 *9 584 15 — 69 46 563 8 H 69 2 546 6 —

70 18 586 18 — 69 45 566 10 — 69 1 464 16 —

70 J7 589 A II 69 1 /r. 44 569 12 —

70 10 591 4 — 69 43 571 19 —

70 r5 593 6 —| 69 42 574 6 H 68 68 453 14 —

70 14 594 16 —j 69, 41: 576 J3 —! 68 67 463 6 —

70 *3 596 6 —j 69 40 579 68 66 472 18 —

70 12 597 16 —J 69 39 581 6 "1 68 65 482 IO

70: 11 1 599 6 —j 69 .38 583 3 —I 68 64 492 2

70 IO 600 16 — 69 37. 585 68 63 5°i 14 —

70 9 596 16 — 69 36 586 17 —j 68 62 508 3 —

7° 8 597 12 — 69 - 35 588 14 — 68 6l 5*4 3 —

70 7, 592 8 — 69 34 59° 12 1 68 60 52* 2

- 7° 6 J 584 18 — 69 33 591 *9 —I 68 59 527 12

7° 5 576 16 — 69 32 593 6 H 68 58 534 2

- 70 -4 568 8 — 69 31 594 l3 — 68 57 538 17 —

70 3 550 6 —I 69 3° 596 — 68 56 543 3 —

70 2 525 14 —j 69 29 597 6 \ 68 55 548 8 —

70 I 457 12 — 69 28 598 7 — 68 54 553 4 —

69 27 599 9 "1 68 /* O 53 558 -

69. 26 GOO 10 — 68 1 52 561 *7 —

69 69 4.31 4 — 69 25 601 12 — 68 5* 565 *5 —

69. 68 440 18 —i 69 24: 602 14 "I 68 5° 569 12

69 67 45° x3 —j 69 23 603 17 —1 68 49 573 IO —

€9 66 460 7 — 69 22 605 — 68 48 577 8 —

69 65 47° j 2 — 69 21 606 3 — 68 47 580 IO -

69 1 1 64: 479' 16 - 69 20 A 607 6 —1 68 46 583 12

69, 63 486 5 - 69 19 608 8 —1 68 45 586 14 —

69 .1 62 492 14 H 69 18 6lO 15 —I 68 44 589 l6

69 499 3 — 69 17 613 2 — 68 43 592 l8 —

69 60 5°5 12 1 69 l6 615 9 —I 68 42 595 7 —

69 59 512 2 69 15 i 6l7 l6 -68 4i 597 16 —

69 58 516 l6 69 14 1 620 4 — 68 40 6co 5 —

69 57 521 i11 — 69 >3 62J 8 — 68 '39 602 14 —

69 56 526 15 — 69 12 622 12 68 38 605 4 —

69 55 531 69 II 623 l6 68 37 607 I —

69 54 535 14 i 69 IO 625 — 68 36 608 19 —

69 1 53 539 7 H I 69 9 '1 626 4 —| '68 33 1 1610 l6

36 Geo. III. T t

3 r9

r

320

C#

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

TABLE ll.—continuedI

Ages of the Elder V Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. # 1 f

68 34

63 33

63 32

68: 31

68 3°

68 29

68 28

68 27 1

68 26

68 25

68 24

-.68 23

68 22

68 21 .7

68 4: 20

68 19;

- 68 18:

68 >7

68 l6

68 >5 r

68 14;

68 J3

68. 12

68 II

68 IO

68 9

68: 8

68. 7

68 6

63 5

63 4

68: 3

68 i 2

68: f 'i 1

& 67 67 I

67 i 66

67 65

67 1 64

67 63

67 62

67 6l '

«7 - 60

Values of the Annuities.

Values of the Annuities.

d.

9

*9

10

3

4 6

8

18

10

10

4

12

4

4 10

16

2

8

14

5

16

7

18

8

6

4

2

18

7

11 16

3

6

9

12

l6

9

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

3 21

TABLE IL

Values of the Annuities.

644

646 j 5 649 8

-66 8 q9o 4

66 7 687 8

.66 w 6 684 12

66 5 672 ,8

66 4 66, IO

.66 3 ! 639 16

66 2 ,609 12

:66 I 529-. IO

65 520. 2

65 1 64 529: 5

-65 1 e3 53 a

1

Values

of the Annuities,

64 64

64 *3

64 62

64 61

64: 60

64 59

64 58

64 1 *7

6+ 56

64 55

64 54

64 1 53

64 52

64 51

64 5°

64 49

64 48,

64 47

,64 46

64 45

64 44

64 43

64 42

64 41

Values of the Annuities

T t

C.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796

TABLE II .—

Ages of the Younger Lives. *« Values of the Annuities.

I £. s. d.

40 1680 IO

39 683 1 —-

, 38 686 9 —

37 1689 2 —

691 15 —

35 1694 8 —

34 697 2 —

Values of the Annuities

£ s.

580 7

589 4

598 2

607 —

613 1

620 3

626 14

633 6

639 18

°45 5

650 12

655 19

661 6

666 14

670 *9

675 5

679 10

,683 16

688 2

691 11

695 —

698 9

7° 1 18

7°5 6

707 *9

710 12

7i3 5

715 18

718 12

72° 12

722 12

724 12

2

2

3

5

6

8

562 12

9

8

7

6

4

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52

323

TABLE II.—continued.

Ages Ages

of the of the

Elder Younger

Lives. Lives.

62 37

62

62 35

62 34

62 33

62 34

6l 31

62 3°

62 29

62 28

62 47

62 26

62 25

62 24

62 23

62 22

62 - 21

62 20

62 *9

62 18

62 *7

61 16

62 *5

62 H

62 *3 -

62 12

62 II

62 10 ,

62 I 9

62 8

62 7

62 6

62 5

62 1 4

62 3

62 2

62 1 1

61 6l

6l. 60

6l 59

6l 58

.61 57

Values of the Annuities.

620

629

6 37

5

10

*5

6

12

18

4

10

16

8

4

12

12

8

14

>4

8

2

16

Ages of the

A

Younger

Lives.

Values of the Annuities.

' Values of the

Annuities.

t

& Xs

6l 12 806 2

6l 11 809 4

61 10 j 806 5 —

61 9 803 6 —

61 8 800 7 —

61 7 797 8 —

61 6 794 8 —-

61 5 780 2

61 4 767 IO

61 3 742 6 —

‘ 61 2 706 12

61 I 612 6 — 4 Jar

60 60 622 12 —

r 60 59 631 5 —

r 60 58 639 18 —

60 57 648 n —

60 56 657 4 —

' 60 55 665 18 —

| 60 54 672 10 —

60 53 679 ‘2*

60 52 685 14 —

| 60 5«; 692 6 —

60 5° 698 18 —

60 49 704 12

60 48 710 6 —

60 .47. 716

60 ‘.46 721 14 —

60 45 1 727 8 —

60 44 1 73« 14 —

60 43 ! 736 I

60 42 J 740 7. —

60 4* 744 14 —

60 40 J 749

60 39 1 752 II

60: 38 756 <3 —

60 37 759 14 —

60 36 j 763 6 —

60 35 766 18 —

60 34 769 I I

60 33 772 4 —

60 1 1 32 774 *7 —

60. 1 31 777 1 P IO

324. *5*

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1^96.

TABLE II.—continued.

1

Values

of the Annuities.

1

59

810

813 10 817

819 17,

82a 15 825 12 828.10

12.

Age«

of the Younger Lives.

Value of the Annuities,

I

- -

58 58 j

58 57 I

58 56

58 5s a

- 58' 54:

58- J 53 r

58: 52

58 J 51:

- 703

1

42 t 770 9

41; 774 *9

140 779 8

39 783 18

788 8

37 791 18 /

36; 795 9

35 798 *9

34 802 10

33 806 —

32 808. >3

3i 8n 6

30 813 19

' 29 816 12

28 819 -6

:^7i 821 »8

26 823 11

25 - 825 13

24 827 16

23 829 18

22 832 7

21 834 16

20 837 -S

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

TABLE II.—continued.

Values \ of tr»e Annuities. 1 Ages I of the I Elder I Lives. A 1 Ages of the Younger Lives. Values of the Annuities. 1

1- <t- \ 818 1 56 48 0 K> to 1

821 IO ~ 56 47 759 4 —

8*5 56 46 776 6 —

827 13 — 56 45 781 15 —

830 6 — 56. 44: 787 —

832 19 — 56 ,43 792 13 —

<*35 — '5 6 .4* 798 2 —

838 6 — 56 4« 803 IO —

S4O 9 — 56 40 808 I —

842 12 — 5 6 39 812 13 —

*44 15 — 56 38 817 4 —

846 l8 —1 1 56 37 821 l6

8

W

6

15

4 12

5

*9

12

6

3

7

10

14

18

9

; 1

12

4

It)

U

11

8 6

4

4

A

I

4

4

4

14

326

C. 52.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

TABLE II.—continued.

A.D. 1796.

Ages of the Elder Lives.

56

56

56

56

55

55

55 55 55 55 55. 55 55 .55 55 55 55 55 -55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 .55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55

Ages of the Younger Lives.

4

3

2

55

54

53

52

51

5°

49

48

47

46

45

44

43

42

4i

40

39

38

36

35

34

33

32

31

3

29

28

27

26

25

24

23

22

21

20

>9

18

V alues of the Annuities

860

831

790

684

s. d.

8

16 18 6

18

3

9

*4

6

8

10

12

14

16

5

14

3

12

717

726

734

742

751

759

766

773

780

787

794

800

805

811

816

822

826

831

835

840

844

848

851

855

858

861

864

567

870 872 14

87 5 8

877 14

880 — 882 6

884 886 891 1

8 95 4

13

4

15

6

16

4

13

10

18

12

6

12

18

Ages of the Elder Livee.

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54.

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

Ages

of the

Younger

Lives.

17

16

5

>4

*3

12

11 IO

9

8

7

6

5

4

3

2

54

53 52 51

50

49

48

47

46

45

44

43

42

4i

40

39

38

3l

36

35

34

33

3*

3*

30

Values of the Annuities,

C

899

9°3

9°7

9"

9'4

918

922 925

925

923

916

907

893

878

848

806

697

j.

7

10

*4

5

*7

8

752

761

769

778

785

792

799

806

8i3

818

824

829

835

840

845

849

853

858

862

866

869

873

876

12

14

2

12

2

2

2

6

4

18

5

12

10 1

11

12

1

10

19

8

18

6

14

2

10

736 4

744 11

Ages of the Elder Lives.

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

Ages of the Young< Lives.

29

28

27

26

25

24

23

22

21

20

19

18

17

16

*5

14

13

12 11 10

9

8

7

6

5

4

3

2

53

52

5«

5°

49

48

47

46

45

44

43

42

41

Values of the Annuities.

879

882

885

888

89O

893

895

898

coi

9°3

906

910

9r5

9*9

924

929 932 935 93 8

941

944

941

934

923

909

895

864.

821

s.

18

12

6

>4

8

*9

11

754

762

77*

779

788

796

803

810

823

830

36

841'

*4

6

*7

8

*9

JO

1

2

3

4

4

2

2

l8

6

14

18

8

709 14

8

16

5

*3

2

10

7

4

I

15

16

7

18

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

TABLE II.—continued.

Ages of the Elder Lives.

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

Ages

of the Younger Lives,

Values of the Annuities.

40

39

3s

37

36

35

34

33

32

31

3°

29

28

953

j.

9

12

8

16

4

12

i

19

7

14

2

10

4

Ages of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives.

52 5°

52 49

52 48

52 47

52: 46

52 45

52 44

52 43

52 42

52 41

52 40

52 39

52 38

52 37

52 36

52 35

52 34

52 33

! 52 3.2

1 52 31

52 3°

52 29

52 23

52 27

1 52 26 j

52 25

52 24

52 23

52 22

52 21

52 20 f

52 '9

52 18

52 17

52 l6

52, 15

52 14

52 *3

52 12

52 I 1

52 IO

52 9

52 8

1 52 7; L

Va’ues of the Annuities.

914

s.

5

14

:4

H

8

n

13

6 18 10

2

14 6

*3

7

14

t

d.

| Ages Aacs Values

1 of the of the of the

1 Elder Yo nger Annuities.

► Lives. Lives.

6 £ s. d.

1 52 9-57 12 —

52 5 941 16 —

52 4 927 4 —

3 896 10 —

« 52 2 1852 -

1 52 1 735 4 —

1 51 51 790 -

1 51 5° ;798 10 —

I 51 49 ',807 1 —

1 51 48. 8 J5 11 —

1 5 47 824 2 —

1 51 46. ,832 12 —

! 51 45 ,; 839 5 —

1 51 44 845 18 —

j. 51 43 852 11 —

1 51 42 859 4 —

J 51 41 865 16 —

51 40 871 7 —

1 51 39 876 19 —

1 51 38 882 10 —

1 51 37. 888 2 —

] 51 - 36 893 T4 —

j 51 I. 35 ! S97 19 —

i 51 34; 902 5 —

51 33 906 10 —

5* 32 910 16 —

! 51 31 9»5 2 —

5*, 3° 918 9 —

j 51 29 921 16 —-

I 5l 28 9=5 3

! 51 27 928 10 —

1 51. 26, 931 16 —

~5I>’ 25 934 10 —

1 51 24, I) 937 5 T

51 23 939 19 —

22 i 942 14 —

1 51 21 945 8 —

20 949 12 — p Si

I 5> !9 953 i7 —

1 51', 18 958

1 51 >7 962 6 — A

1 51 16 966 w IO —

36 Geo. III.

U u

328

C. 52.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Ages

of the

Elder

Lives.

I

TABLE II.—continued.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

51 »5

51 14

51 *3

51 12

51 I I

51 r. IO

5* 9

51 8

51 7

51 6

51 5 ‘

51 4

51 3

51 2

51 1

5° 5°

5° 49

5° 48

5° 47

5° 46

5° 45

5° 44

5° 43

5° 42

5° 41

5° 40

5° 39

5°. 38

50 37

50 36

5° 35

5° 34

5°. 33

,5° 32

5° 31

5° 30

5° 29

5° 28

5° 27

5° 26

5° 25

5° 24

808 2

8l6 II

833 9

841 18 850 6

856 18

863 11

87° 3

876 16 883 8

888 .18 894 9 899 19

905 10 911 —

9»5 4

919 9

923 13; 927 18

932

935 9

938 16

942 3 945 10

948 16

951 *3

Values I of the 5 Annuities. I

£ rj of dm

971 I —

975 *3 —

980 4 —

984 16 —

989 8 —j

986 8 —]

983 9 —]

980 9 —j

977 io —I

974 10 —3

958 —1

942 18 —j

911 10 —2

866 .—j

747 18—

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Afg?5 of the

Younger

Lives.

5° 23

5° 22

5° 21

5° 20

5° 19

5° 18

5° 17

5° l6

5° *5

5° 14

5° *3

5° 12

5° 11

5° IO

5° 9

5° 8

5° 7

5° 6

5° 5

5° 4

5° 3

5° 2

5° 1

✓ 49 49

49 48

49 47

49 46

49 45

49 44

49 43

49 42

49 4i

49 40

49 39

49 38

49 37

49 36

49 35

49 34

49 33

49 32

49 3J

826

834

843

851

860

12

*9

6

J3

868 6

874

881

888

894

901

906

912

917

923

928

932

936

941

19

12

5

18

10

18

7

J5

4

12

*5

*9

2

I Values of the Annuities. l Ages 1* of the Elder Lives.

j* 954 10 —j 49

957 7 — 49

960 4 — 49

963 _ _ 49

967 17 —j 49

972 14 —j,) 49

977 11 T-l j 49

982 8 —! 49

987 4 — I j 49

991 9 —j 49

995 J4 — 49

999 *9 ~ 49

1,004 4 —| 49

1,008 10 —1 49

1,009 *8 —: 49

1,007 *8 —! i 49

1,001 j j 49

990 4 — 1 49

974 4 —j j 49

958 14 —j 49

926 12 —; 49

880 1 49

759 i4 — 49

49

Ages of the Younger Lives.

3°

29

28

27

26

25

24

23

22

21

20

>9

18

*7

16

J5

14

*3

12 11

10

9

8

7

6

5

4

3

2

48

47

46

45

44

43

42

41

40

39

38

37

Values of the Annuities

945

-949

952

956

959

962

966

969

972

975

978

98I

987

992

997

1,002

1,008

1,01 I

1,015

1,018

1,022

1,026

1,024

1,017

1,005

989

974

941

894

771

I

845

853

861

869

878

886

892

899

906

912

919

924

s.

6

10

16

3

9

16

5

8

i 1

14

16

1

6 11 16

*3

6

19

12

6

2

2

16

8

8

12

2

12

6

9

*3

16

4

*7

10

3

16

10

16

d.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

TABLI" II.—continued.

Values of the Annuities.

Values of the Annuities,

Values of the Annuities.

£ S.

93° 3

9 35 9

940 l6

946 2

95° 4

954 7

958 9

962 12

966 14

970 —

973 7

976 *3

980 —

983 6

986 l7

990 8

993 19

997 10

1,001 2

1,006 11

1,012 —

I, Oi; 9

1,022 18'

1,028 8

1,03° 16

'>°33 4

i>°35 12

1,038 8

1,040

!»°33 2

1,021 IO

1,004 IO

988 18

956 12

908 2

783 8

863 14

871 14

879 14

887 14

895 14

9°3 14

d\

7 —S 46 45 889 8

—s \ 46 44 897 6

*3 H 46 43 905 4

6 —j 46 42 9*3 2

1 46 4« 921 —

4 —I 3 46 :4° 927 12

9 —] 46 39 934 4

*3 H 46 38 940 16

18 H 46 37 947- 8

2 —J 46 36 954 —

4 — 46 35 959 3

6 — S 46 34 964 6

8 — 46 33 969 9

10 — 46 32 '974 12

12 — 46 31 979 »4

18 — 46 3° 983 J5

4 — 46 29 987 16

10 — 46 28 991 17

16 — 46 27 995 18

2 — 46 26 1,000

5 — 46 25 1,003 6

8 — 46 24 1,006 12

11 — 46 23 1,009 l8

14 —; 46 22 I>OI3 4

16 — 46 21 1,016 10

5 — 46 20 1,021 7

14 — 46 J9. 1,026 4

3 — 46 18 1,03! 1

12 — 46 17 1,03518

2 — 46. 16 1,040 16

6* — 46 1,046 11

10 — 46 14 1,052 7

14 — 46 ,»3 1,058 2

18 — 46 12 1,063

2 -— 46. 11 1,069 14

2 —. 46- 10 1,066 6

14 — 46 9 1,063 19

8 — 46' 8 1,059 11

2 — 46 7 1,056 4

2 — 46 6 1,052 16

6 — 46' 5' 1,03416

46 4 4 1,017 16

46 3 933 12

IO I 46 2 934

d.

330 C. 52.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

TABLE II.—continued.

Ages of the FJder Lives.

46

45

45

45

4 5

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

'45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

45

Ages of the Younger Lives. Values. of the Annuities. Ag-s of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. Values of the Annuities. - Ages-of the Elder Lives. '1 Ages of the Younger Lives.

£> d* r '1 L* s *1

I 807 2 — 45 4 1,032 6 44 6

45 3 997 4 — 44 A A 5

45 2 945 l6 44. 4

45 899 45 1 817 8 — 44 3

44 906 16 — 44 2

43 9*4 13 ~ j '- 1

42 922 9 44 44 916; /*

" 41 930 6 — 44 43 923 l6 —

40 938 2 — 44 42 931 12 —; 43 43

39 944 12 — 44- 41 939 a — 43 42

33 951 2 — 44 40 947 4 — 43 41

37 957 12 — 44 39 955 1 43 40

36 964 2 — 44 3* 961 7 43 39

35 970 12 — 44 37 967 15 — 43 38

34 975 »3 — 44 36 974 2 — 43 37

33 980 14 — 44 35 980 10 — 43 36

32 985 15 — 44 3+ 936 l8 43 35

31 990 lb — 44 33 991 17 — 43 34

3° 995 18 — 44 32 996 16 —j 43 33

, 29 999 13 — 44 31 i >co i 15 —! 43 32

28 1,003 19 — 44 30 1*006 14 —' 43 3l

27 1,007 19 — 44. 29 I>OI 1 14 — 43 3°

26 1,012 44 28 1*015 14 — 43 29

25 1,016 44 27 I >019 14 —: 43 28

24 1,019 8 — 44 26 1,023 *4 — 43 27

23 1,022 16 — 44 25 1,027 14 — 43 26

22 1,026 4 — 44 24 1,031 14 — 43 25

21 1,029 12 — 44 23 1,035 8 —] -43 24

20 ‘.033 — 44 22 1,039 2 — 43 23

19 1,038 11 — 44 21 1,042 l6 43 22-

18 1,044 2 — 44 20 1,046 10 —J 43 21

17 1,0495 3 — 44 19 1,050 4 — 43 20

l6 1,055 4 — 44 18 1,056 3 — 43 19

15 1,060 14 — 44 17 1,062 2 43 18

14 1,06511 — 44 16 i,c63 1 — 43 17

13 1,070 9 — 44 *5 1,074 —, 43 l6

12 1,075 6 — 44 14 1,07918 —j 43 15

11 1,080 4 — 44 13 1,084 3 — 43 14

1° 1,085 2 —j 44 12 1,088 8 —( 43 13

9 1,08 5 4 — 44 11 1,09213 — 43 I 2

8 1,084 — 44 10 1,09618 — 43 1 I

7 1,077 2 — 1 44 9 1,101 4 — 43 IO

6 i,o65 6 — i 44 8 1,098 10 — 43 9

5 % 1,050 1 44 7 1,091 — 1 43 8 4

Values of the Annuities.

1,079 1,063 1,046 16 1,010 14

959 4

827 14

932

940

948 956

963

971

977

984

990 996 1,002 1,007 1,012 1,017 1,022 1,027 1,031 '.035

*,°39

1 >043

1,047

1,051 i»°55

1,059

i ,06 1,067 >073 1,080

1,086

L092

1,098

1,iot 1,104 1,107 1,110 *»113

n

O

12

8

4

16

1.2

16

5

10

14

12

IO

8

6

4

3

2

3

6

9

12

14

*7

4

3 6

10

8

6

4

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52

TABLE II.—continued.

Ages of the Elder Lives.

43

43

43

43

43

43

43

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

42

1 r* Ages Values Ages Ages Values Ages Ages

of the of the of the of the of the* of the of the

Youngef Annuities. Elder Younger Annuities. Elder Younger

Lives. m Lives. Lives. Lives. Lives.

s. d. £ j. d. % 9 6

7 1,105 42 7 1,119 —1 — 41-

6 l>°93 6 — 42 6 I, Io6 16 - 4i 5

5 1,076 8 —1 42 5 1,089 41 4

4 1,059 42 4 1,072 1,036 4t 3

3 1,024 4 —, 42 3 2 — 41 2

2 973 1° —. 42 2 933 is — 41 1

1 «37 is _j 42 I 8+8 4 —

I

0 J I — - - 40 40

42 949 41 41, 965 8 — 40 39

41 956 16 —j 4* 40 973 1 40 3*

40 964 11 —1 4* 39 98O *4 — 40 37

39 972 5 — 4* 3* 988 7 - 40 36

3s 980 ! 4* 37 996 - 40 35

37 987 14 —5 41 .6 —] 41 36 1,003 14 — 40 34

36 993 35 1,009 13 — 40 33

35 999 18 I 41 34 «>OI5 13 —, 40 32

34 i,co6 1 4* 33 I )021 12 —- 40 31

33 1,012 2 —I 41 32 1,027 1 2 — 40 30

32 I, Ol8 4 —' 41 31 1)033 12 — 40 29

31 *1023 fl j 4i 30 1,038 7 —. 40 28

30 ’>027 >7 — 4i 29 1.043 2 — 40 27

29 1,032 '3 — 4* 28 1,047 17 - 40 26

28 I»°37 IO ] 4* 27 [,052 12 — 40 25

27 1,042 6 —1 4* 26 1.057 8 - 40 24

26 I ,046 4 —j 4* 25 1,061 5 —. 40 23

25 1,050 3 — 4* 24 1,065 3 — 40 22

2+ 1,054 - 4* 23 1 ,069 40 21

23 1,058 _ 4 4 4* 22 1.072 .8 -j 40 20

22 I,06l ,8 _ 4* art 1,076 16 - 40 - 19

21 1 ,066 .3 - 4* 20 1,08 2 6 — 40 18

20 1,071 8 — 4* 9 1,087 >7 — 40 17.

l9 1,076 *> \ 3 i 4* 18 !,°93 7 — 40 16

18 1,080 18 — 4* *7 1,098 18 —| 40 ’5 14

J7 O OC On 12 —\ 4* l6 i, »©4 8 - 40

l6 1,091 15 H 4* 15 I, I iO 7 — 40 13

15 1,097 19 — 4* 14 i,116 6 " 40 V

14 ,10+. _ 41 3 1,122 5 - 40 11

1 '3 i>i 10 6 — 4* 12 1,128 4 — 40 10

12 1,116 10 - 4* 11 *i»34 4 — 4° "

11 1,117 1 J 4* 10 *i*3* 8 — 40 3:

10 1,117 IO — 41 9 1,128 12 — 40 7

9 ;i,u8 41 8 1,125 16 — 40 6

4 i,i 18 IO — 4. 7. *i*3 I — 40 5 1

Values of the Annuities

I- 2.

1,120 6

1,102 -

1,084 IO 1,048

995

858 10

982

93 9

997 ,004 ,012 ,019

>025 ,031

.037 3O43

,0-ig

>053

>058 >063 >067 >072 >076 ,cSo ,084 ,088 ,092 ,098 ,104

111

>H7

>'23 ,128

1*34 ,140

>1*5

,151

i*53

>*5*

i*44

1*32

1,115

10

1

11

2

12

9

7

4

2

14

8

2

16

10

9

9

8

8

8

12

16

4

8

*9

11

14

6

8

10

4

IO

d,

c.

\ges

f the

!lder

ives.

40

40

40

40

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

39

l

52

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Ages of the rounger Lives.

Values

of the Annuities

TABLE II.—continued.

Values of tHc Annuities.

V alues of the Annuities,

4 1.097 2

3 1,060 —

2 1,006 —

1 867 14

39

3*

31 36 35 34

33

32 31

3°

29

28

27

26

25

24

23

22

21

20

19

18

17

16

i5

14 13

12 11 10

9

8

7

6

5

'4

3

2

998 12 1,005 19 1,013 6

1,020 13 1,028

1,046 18 1,052 13 1,058 8

1,064

1,068 17 1,073 10

1,078 1,082 16 1,087 8

1,091 14 1,096 1,100 1,104 !2

1.108 l8

1,115 IO 1,122 3

1,128 15

i»i35

1,142 — 1,146 18

1,151 16

1.156 14 1,161 1,166 10

1,164. 8

1.156 14

1,144 14 1,126 12

1.109 .14

1,071 18 1,017 2

38 38 1,014 18

38 37 1,022 I

38 36 1,029 5

38 35 1,036 8

3* 34 1.043 I 2

38 33 1,050 l6

38 32 1,056 9

38 31 1,062 2

38 3° 1,067 15

38 29 1.073 8

38 28 1.079 I

38 27 1,083 12

38 26 1,088 4

38 ! 25 1,092 15

38 1 24 1,097 7

38 23 r,i02 —

38 22 1,106 ’5

38 ! 21 1,111 IO

33 20 1,116 5

38 >9 1 1,121 —

38 18 j 1.125 14

38 17. 1,132 I I

38 16 '.139 8

38 15 1,146 5

38 14 I»I53 2

38 13 I,l60 —

38 12 1.163 9

38 1 1 I,l66 18

38 IO 1,170 7

38 9 ',173 l6

38 8 i.i77 4

38 7 1,169 6

38 6 1,156 l6 I

38 5 1,138 6

33 4 I, I 20 l6

33 3 '.083 l6

38 2 1,028 2

38 I 886 4

37 37 11,030 14

1,046

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52

333

TABLE II.—continued.

Values of the Annuities.

1

36 6 11 > 181 4

36 5 1,161 12

36 4 1,142 18

36 3 1,104 10

36 2 1,048 14

36 1 904 14

35 1 35 1,061 4

35 34 1,067 18

35 23 ko74 *3

35 32 1,081 7

35 31 1,088 2

35 3° 1,094 l6

35 29 1,100 3

35, 28 1,105 1 1

35 27 1,110 18

35 ! 26 i,n6 6

35 25 1,121 *4

35 24 1,126 5

Values of the Annuities

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

33

Ages of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. Values of the Annuities.

34 J5 / </. I,l88 12

34 14 1,195 l8

34. *3 1,201 8

34 12 1,206 18 —

34 1 I 1,21 2 8

IO 1,217 ‘8 —

34 9 1,223 8 —

34 8 1,221 6

34 7 1,2 1 3 16

34 6 1,201 12

34 5 1,183

? 34 4 1,165 2

!: 34 3 1,125 4 —

34 2 1,067 12 —

34 1 920 6 —

33 33 1,090 4 — 1,096 13 —

33 32

33 ! 31 1,103 2 —

33 3° 1,10911 —

33 29 1,116

33 28 1,122 10 —

1,127 14 1,132 18

.1,138 2

1,143 6

1,148 10

16 2 8

1,169 *4

*»*75 1,182 10

1,190

1,197 10

1,205

1,212 lO I,2l6 9

8

7 6

6

8

334

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

TABLE II.

Ages of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. .« H Values I of the I Annuities. 1 1, Ages of the Eider Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives.

£. S. d.‘

33 6 1,2 I I l6 31 29

33 5 1,192 14 1 31 % 28

33 4 1,174 8 —j 31 27

33 3 i»*35 10 — 31 26

33 2 1.077 ,5 31 25

33 1 92S 4 —: 3* 24

31 23

3 22

: 32 32 1,104. 4 —- 31 21

J 31 1,110 11 — 31 20

32 3° 1,116 iS —j 31 19

32' 29 '>"3 5 —] 31 18 -

3 2 28 1,12 9 12 j 31 17

3 2 27 1,135 18 — 31 ]6

32 2(5 1,141 31 '5

3 2 25 1,146 3 —] 31 4

32 24 M51 5 — 31 *3

32 23 1,156 8 — 31 1 2

32 22 1,161 10 31 1 1

32 21 1,167 8 —| 31 1 O

/> fy J*4 20 ,»I73 7 — 31 9

32 % / 19 >,l79 5 — 31 8

32 i3 1,185 4 —j 3l 7

32 17 1,191 2 j 31 6

32 16 [,193 12 j 31 5

32 J5 1,206 2 j 31 4

32 14 1,213 12 —| 31 3

32 J3 1,2 2 I 2 j 3* 2

0 7 12 1,228 12 31 1

32 I I 1,229 17 \

32 IO u2?1 3 —1

35 9 1,232 8 —< 3° 3°

.3" 8 i,2J3 *4 —j 3° 29

3 2 7 i>*35 30 28

32 6 1,2 2 2 3° 27

32 5 i,:o^ 10 — 3° 26

32 4 1,183 14- ~ 3° 2 5

32 3 1,144 .4 — 3° 24

2 1,086 IO 3° 23

32 1 93 6 1 3° 22

» mJm - 3° 21

ip 3°, 20

3* 3' 2,117 18 —: 3° J9

3' 3° 1,124 2 —; j 3° 18

continued.

Values 1 A ges Ages Values

of the of the of the of the*

Annuities. 1 Elder Younger Annuities.

? > 1 Lives. Lives.

f. s. d, 1 /M 1 {

1,120 6 — 33 17 1,209 l3 —

1,136 10 — 3° 16 11,217 2 —

1,142 14 — 3° 5 1,224 12 —

1,148 i 8 — 1 3° 14 1,231 8 —

1 *15-3 '9 — I 3° 13 1,238 4 —

1,159 3° 12 1,245

1,164.. 1 — 3° 1 I l,2sl l6 JIBS

1,169 2 3° IO 1,258 IO —

1,174 4 — 3° 9 1,261 10 —

I,l8o 18 I 3° 8 1,200 2 —

l87 '3 — i 3° 7 1,252 l8 —

1,194 7 — 3° 6 1,240 16 —

«,20 I 2 3° 5 1 0 -> /> 1 y~

1,207 l6 — ! 3° 4 1,202 6 —

1,215 1 — 3° 3 ,161 12 —

1,222 6 — 3° 2 1,102 10 —

1,229 1 1 3° 1 950 8 —

1,236 l6 I

1,244 2 — i m

1,241 14 j j 29 29 1,144 10 —

i,239 7 - 29 28 1,150 9 —

i,235 J9 — 29 _ 27 1,156 8 —

1,234 12 — 29 26 1,162 .7 —

I, >3Z 4 — 29 2 5 1,168 6 —

1,212 4 29 24 1,174 6 —

1>I93 29 2 3 1,179 J4 —

1,152 18 — 29 22 1,185 2 —

1,094 IO 29 2 1 1,190 IO

943 16 — 29 20 i,i95 18 —

29 29 19- 1 18 1,201 6 — 1,209 4 —

1,131 6 — 29 17 1,217 2 —

i»«37 8 — 29 116 1,225 —

1»143 >° — 29 15 1,232 l8

1,149 12 29 14 1,240 IO

M55 »4 — 29 >3 1,246 17 —

i, 161 16 — 29; 12 1,252 18 —

1,166 18 — 29 11 1,258 19 —

1,172 — -29 IQ l,2t>5 -

1,177 2 — 29 i 9 1,271 -

1,182 4 — 29 8: 1,269 6 —

1,187 6 — 29 I 7 ! 1,261 i3 —

1,19415 — 29 6 ,1,2.9 »° —

1,202 4 — 29- 5 < (1,230 6 — )

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

TABLE II.—continued*

Values

of the

Annuities.

I, IIO

28 *,*57 6 —

27 1,163 3 —

26 1,169

25 .*,*74 *7 —

24 1,180 14 —

23 1,186 12 —

22 1,192 9 —

21 1,198 6 —

20 1,204 3 —

*9 1,210 —

18 *,2*5 16 —

*7 1,223 19

16 *,232 3 —

*5 1,240 6

14 1,248 7 —

*3 ‘,256 8

12 1,260 17 —

11 *,265 6

10 11,269 5 —

9 1,274 4 —

8 1,279 12

7 1,270 16 —

6 *,258 2

5 *,238 10

4 1,219 10 —

3 »I79 —

2 1,118 8 —

1 963 14 —

Values of the

Annuities.

£ s.

1,218 2

»273

970

1,182

1 ,.187

Valuce

of the

Annuities,

11

,206

,212

,218

1

36 Geo. III.

X x

336 C. 52.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

TABLE II.—continued.

Age* of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

*3 23

23 22

23 21

23 20

a3 1 *9

23 18

23 7

23 l6

23 *5

*3. 14

n 3

*3 12

*3 I I

a3 1°

a3 9

*3 8

' 23 7'

23 6

23' 1 5

23 4

23 3

- 23 2

23 I

22 22

22 21

22 20

22 >9

22 18

I Values 1 I of the Annuities. 1

£ S., d. I

1,291 IO 1

1,298 1 —s

»3°4 12 —I

i,3* 4 —I

i>3*° 1

«,3°2 12 1

1,290 2 1

1,270 IO —I

I.251 2 - 1

1,208 14 — 1

1,146 18 —1

988 6 ~l

1,217 18 —I

1,224 6 —1

1,230 *5 —1

1.237 3 —1

1.243 12 *—1

1,250 1

1,258 *3 —1

1,267 7 —1

1,276

1,284 J4 —1

*>293 8 — 1

1,298 5

*>3°3 3 —1

1,308 1

«.3‘2 18 — 1

1,316 16 —1

i>310 4 —

1,297 8 "I

277 14 — 1

1,258 8 ~l

1,216 2 1

*.>53 14 —1

994

1,229 6 —1

1,236 7 —1

1,243 8 "1

1,250 9 ~l

*.257 10 1

Values of the Annuities.

22 *7 jC' 1,264 12

22 l6 *.273 5

22 *5 1,281 18

22 i 14 1,290 11

22 *3 1,299 4

22 12 1,307 16

22 1 1 1,309 16

22 10 1,311 16

22 9 *>3*3 *6

22 8 *.3*5 *6

22 7 1,3*7 16

22 6 1,304 16

22 1 5 1,284 18

22 4 1,265 *4

22 3 1,223 IO

22 2 1,160 10

22 1 I 999 *2

21 21 1,240 l8

21 20 1,248 14

005

I As« I of the I Elder I Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives.

1 20 18

1 20 *7

I 20 16

I 20 *5

I 20 *4

I 20 *3

I 20 12

I 20, 11

j 20 IO

I 20 9

J 20 8

-1 20 7

I 20 6

-1 20 5

-1 20 4

J 20 3

-1 20 2

I 20 l

I *9 *9

I *9 f 18

I *9 *7

I *9 16

I *9 j *5

1 *9 *4

I *9 *3

1 *9 12

I *9 11

1 *9 10 0

I 19 9

I *9 8

1 19 7

I *9 6

I *9 5

I *9 4

I *9 3 -

1 *9 2

| *9 1

I 18 ! 18 1

I 18 1 *7

| 18 l6 I

Values of the Annuities

1,270

1,279

1,287

1,296

>.3°3 i*3!I

*>3*9 l>327 >335

1,340 16

1.

11 1

12

- 2

*9

*7

*4

12

d.

1,267 18

18

1,019

1,284

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

O J/

TABLE II.—continued\

Ages of the Younger Lives. Valuta of the Annuities. LlJ Ages of the Elder Lives. Ages of the Younger Lives. Values of the Annuities. Ages of the Elder Lives - Ages of the Younger Lives. Values of the Annuities*

1 rf.j £. s. d. /. rf*

L *5 1,311 17 — 16 8 1,36! 3 — ‘3 12 1,384 18 —

14 t,32I 2 — 16 7 ‘>359 9 — ‘3 I I. 1,390 18 —

‘>33° 6 — 16 6 ‘,357 ‘6 — ‘3 IO 1,396 18 —

L 12 *>335 >2 — 16 5 »>338 4 — ‘3 9 1,402 18 —

11 1,34° 19 —] 16 4 1,317 10 — ‘3 8 1,408 18 —

i° *>346 5 — 16 3 1,272 12 ‘3 7 1,400 18 —

9 1,351 12 — 16 2 1,207 4 — ‘3' 6 ‘,387 4 —

8 ‘>356 ‘8 — 16 1 1,040 12 ‘3 5 1,366 2 —

7 i*35 10 —] ’% ‘3 4 ‘>345 8 —

0 '>339 ‘0 — j ‘3 3 1,301 18 —

5 1,318 14 — ‘5 ‘5 1,341 2 — ‘3 2 1,234 14 —

4 1,297 12 *5 14 1,349 14 — ‘3 1 1,063 4 —

3 >253 2 — ‘5 ‘3 1,358 6 *- O

2 1,190 12 »5 12 [,366 l8

1 1,026 IO — ‘5 11 ',375 10 " 12 12 1,396 12 —

1 *5 IO 1,384 2 — O 12 11 1,399 10 — r. _ _ O

I ‘5 9 i»389 12 10 1,4° 0 —

:I7 1,301 18 — ‘5 8 1,388 2 — 12 9 1,405 6 —

l6 1,311 2 — ‘5 7 1,380 8 — 1 12 8 1,408 4 —

*5 1 O e* #% *5 6 1,36712 — ! 12 7 1,411 2 —

14 i,329 " — ‘5 5 1,347 18 — 12 6 ‘>397

- 13 I»338 16 —\ ‘5 4 1,327 8 — 12 5 ‘>375 2 —

12 1,348 ‘5 3 1,282 8 — 12 4 ‘>353 8 —

1 1 ‘>35° 7 — >5 2 1,216 8 — il 3 1,307 18 —

10 >352 15 — ‘5 1. 1,048. 2 — 12 2 1,243 ‘6 —

9 A ‘,355 2 — 12 1 1,070 I4 —

8 ‘,357 — f n

7 ‘,359 18 — »4 14 1,360 8 — m

6 1,348 14 — 14 *3 1,368 3 — II 1 1 i»4>3 6 —

1 5 1,328 IO — 14 12 ‘,375 18 — 11 IO 1,422 16 —

1 4 1,3°7 *0 — ‘4 1 I ‘,383 ‘3 — 11 9 1,427 4 —

3 1,262 l8 14 IO 1,391 8 — 11 8 1,427 6 —

2 1,198 2 — 14 9 ‘,399 4 — 1 1 7 1,420 6 —

I I 1,033 10 — 14 8 1,398 IO — 1 1 6 1,406 16 —

14 7 1,390 12 — V A M O 1 11 5 1,386 4 — Y O A Y Q

14 0 ‘,377 8 — 1 11 4 I>3°4 lo "

l6 1,321 4 — 14 5 ‘,357 1 1 1 3 1,318 14 —

15 ‘>33° 5 — *4 4 ‘>337 ,8 " 1 11 2: 1,252

14 i,339 6 — 14 3 1,292 2 — I III 1 1,078 4 —

’3 >,348 -7 — /\ 14 2 1,225 10 —

12 ',357 8 — S 14 1 1,055 12 m

11 1,366 8 — 1 10 IO 1,427 14 —

10 A 1,364 13 — 1 1 IO 9 ‘>435 2 —

9 1,362 18 — 1 13 1 *3 1,378 l8 — ( IO 8 ‘»435

C. 52

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

TABLE II.—continued\

Values of the Annuities.

M39

433

1,420

*>399

I Age* I of the 1 Elder 1 Lives. Ages of the I Younger 1 Lives. I 1

1 8 4

1 8 3

1 8 2

! 8 1

1 7 7

1 7 6

1 7 5

7 4

7 3

1 7 2

1 7 1

6 6 I

1 6 5

1 6 5 4

1 6 3

1 6 2

1 6 I

5 5

Value of the Annuities.

1 ?359

s.

V alues of the Annuities.

i>3l8

1,210

1,042

1,110 14

957

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 339

T A B.L E

III.

1

The Values of an Annuity of £.100 per Annum, payable

Yearly, for any Number of Years, not exceeding 90.

Years. Values. Years. Values.

4 C S dm

I 96 2 46, % 2,088 8

2 l88 12 47 9 m 2,104 4 "

: 3 277 IO 48 2,119 10 —

4 362 l8 — 49 2> 134 2 —

5 445 2 — 5° 2,148 4 —

6 524 4 — 5* \ 2,161 14 —

7 600 4 — 52 2,174 14 —

8 673 4 — 53 2,187 4 —

9 743 10 — 54 2,199 4 —

IO A 811 55 2,210 16 —

I I .876 — 56 2.221 f # 18 —

12 938 10 — 57 2,232 12

*3 998 10 — 58 2,242 18 —

*4 1,056 6 - 59 2,252 16 —

15 I, III l6 — 60 2,262 6 —

16 1,165 4 — 6l 2,271 8 -

*7 I,2l6 IO 62 H % 2,2So - 4 —

18 1,265 l8 63 2,288 14 —

>9 *,3*3 6 — 64. 2,296 l6

20 i»359 65 ^>304 12 —

21 1,402 l8 — 66 2,312 2 —

22 1.445 2 — 67 2,3»9 8 —

*3 1,485 12 — 68 2,326 6 —

24 1,524 12 — i 69 2,333 —

25 1,562 4 — 7° 2,339 8 —

26 I.593 4 — 7* 2,345 12

27 1,632 l8 72 2,35* IO —

28 1,666 6 — 73 2,357 4 —

29 1,698 6 — 74 2,362 14 —

30 1,729 4 — 75 2,368 -

3* 1,758 16 — H 76 2.373 2 —

34 1,787 6 — 77 2,377 18 —

33 1,814 14 — 78 2,382 12 —

34 1,841 2 79 2,387 4 —

35 1,866 8 — 80 n 1 2,391 10 —

36 !,890 l6 81 2,395 14 —

37 1,9*4 4 — 82 2,399 14 —

33 1,936 14 — 83 2,403 10 —

39 1,958 8 — 84 IJTi* % 2,407 4 —

40 *,979 4 — «5 2,410 16 —

41 - 1,999 6 — 86 2,414 4 —

42 - 2, Ol8 IO 87 2,4*7 10 —

43 - 2>°37 83 2,420 14 —

44 - 2,054 16 — 89 2,423 14 —

4? - - - 2,°72 90 2,426 14 —

I

RULES

340 C. 53.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

RULES —

FOR INFERRING

The Value of an Annuity of 100 /. per Annum, held on the longed of two Lives:

Jjfoy The Value of an Annuity of 100l. per Annum, held on the joint Continuance of three Lives: Also, The Valup of an Annuity of too/, per Annum, held on the longed of three Lives.

RULE for determining the Value of an Annuity of 100l. per Artnumy payable Yearly, and held on the longed of two Lives. -

THE Values of an Annuity of 100 /.per Annum, held on each of the single Lives, to be added together, (fremTable I.), and from this Sum the Value of an Annuity held on the joint Continuance of the two Lives, (from Table II.), to befubtra&ed; the Result is the Value of an Annuity of too U per Annum% held on the longed of the two Lives.

RULE for determining the Value of an Annuity of 100l. per Annum, payable Yearly, and hold on the joint Continuance of three Lives.

THE Value of an Annuity’of 100 /. per Annum on the joint Continuance of thettro elder Lives, is to be found from Table II. The Age of ,a singleLife of the same (or neared) Value, with the Annuity on the said joint Lives, to be found from Table I. The Value of an Annuity of 100l. per Annum on the joint Continuance of this Life, and the younger Life, from Table II. Five Pounds being deducted from the said Sum, is the Value of an Annuity of 100 /. per Annum, held on the joint Continuance of the three Lives.

RULE for determining the Value of an Annuity of ioo /. Annum t payable Yearly, and held

on the longed of three Lives.

THE Values of an Annuity of ioo I per Annum for each of the three single Lives to be extracted from

Table I. and to be added together. " The Value of an Annuity of ioo I. per Annum, on the joint Contin.-alice of the two youngest Lives, also the Value of an Annuity of ioo I. per Annum on the joint Continuance of the two elded Lives, alfathe Value of an Annuity of tool, per Annum on the joint Continuance of the olded Life and the younged Life; (all found by Table II.) to be subtracted from the Sum or Addition of the Annuities on the three single Lives: To the Result is to be added the Value of an Annuity of ioo /. per Annum held on the joint Continuance of the three Lives j the Amount is the Value of an Annuity of ioo/. per Annum on the longed of the three Lives.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution an Order of His Majesty in Council respecting the Exportation of Rock Salt; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same*, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation or carrying coastwise of Rock Salt i and for making further Provisions relative thereto.

[26th April 1796.]

Order in Council of Aug. 12,

and Dec. 30, 1795, and Feb. 12, and March 16, 1796, respecting Rock Sait, recited.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by an Order in Council bearing Date the twelfth Day of August onethou- sand seven hundred and ninety-five, pleased to order that do Person or Persons whatsoever should, from and after the Publication of the said Order until the twenty-fifth Day o{December one thousand seven hundred and ninetyrfive, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transportsd, carried, or conveyed out of or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or cause or'procure to be laden or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of any Port or Place in Great Britain, any Sort of Rock Salt whatsoever*, which Order was, by three Orders of his Majesty in Council, bearing Daterefpe£t- ively the thirtieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety- five, the twelfth Day of February and the sixteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-iix*further continued For the Space of four Weeks, to commence from the eighteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six: And whereas the said Orders cannot be justified by Law, but were expedient for the Service of the Public, and for preventing the Supply of a necessary Article to his Majesty ys Enemies, and ought therefore to be justified by an Act of Parliament; and all Persons bluing, advising, or acting under or in Obedience to 1 t ic said Orders respectively indemnified Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

- and

341

I

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 54.

and with the Advice and Canfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alfern bled, and by the Authority of the same, That all personal Actions or Suits, Indidtmeius, In- Suits for any formations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or Matter advised

commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing adviled, com- ^ion^V^heCUd manded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the said Orders, or of any Contiadl or order* made 1 Agreement not performed by Reason or Means of or in Obedience to such Orders, be, arc, and shall bedif- void, and Per-charged and made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or com- fons prosecuted menced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any such Act, Matter, or Thing so advised, com- plead tlw manded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or such Contract or Agreement not performed, he, General issue* (he, or they may plead the General Illlie, and give this Act and the special Maiter in Evidence; and if the In Actions Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced after the eleventh Day of commenced or February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be- feb 1^1796* come Nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discoi.tinuance, or if a Verdict pass against such Defendants to Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, for which have Double he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to the Defendant; CoAs. and if any such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, after the said eleventh Day of February one thousand seven hundred and nineiy-six, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his Double Costs of Suit, in all such Cases as aforesaid. K '

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit hath been already Defendants In commenced against any Person or Persons for any such Act, Matter, or Thing, so advised, commanded, ap- Aaions airway pointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or on account of any such Contract or Agreement not per- to

formed, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defenders in such Actions or Suits respectively, in the Courts to whatever Courts in Great Britain such Actions or Suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such Court have them or Courts respectively, to (lay all Proceedings therein respectively, by Motion in a summary Way; and such«, Aayed,

Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpose accordingly 5 and the Court or Courts making such Order shall award and allow to the Defendants or Defenders respectively Double Costs of Suit, for which they shall respectively have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs are by Law given to Defendants or Defenders. 4 4 ,

III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may, by Proclamation or Order in Council, when he shall see Cause, and for such Time as shall be therein expressed, prohibit the exporting or carrying coastwise, parting or

or the attempting to export or carry coastwise, any Sort of Rock Salt whatsoever. carrying coastwise Rock Sak*

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Rock Salt whatsoever which shall be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or laden or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of any Port or Place in Great Britain, or coastwise, contrary to any such Proclamation of his Majesty, or Order of his Majesty in Council, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs; and all and every Person or Persons offending therein shall forfeit treble the Value of any such Rock Salt as shall be so exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of this Kingdom, or coastwise, or laden or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for either of those Purposes; and such Shin, Vessel, or Boat, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs: Provided always, that his Majesty may by Special Licence under his Sign Manual, or by any such Order in Council or Proclamation, make such Exception with respect to the Exportation or carrying coastwise of any Sort of Rock Salt whatsoever, and such Regulations concerning the Manner of exporting or carrying the same coastwise, as to him, with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall appear to be proper, (jnreifying the Quantities of the said Rock Salt, and also the Place or Places to and from which the lame shall or may befo exported or carried coastwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Part of this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LIV.

and if exported or shipped for that Purpose, forfeited.

Offenders to forfeit treble tho Value, and the Vessels may be seized.

His Majesty in Council may permit Rock Salt to be exported or carried coastwise.

This Act may be altered or repealed UiU Session.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the Laws now in being relative thereto — [26th April 1796.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 13 Geo. 17.

An Act for the more effect ual Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; CaP*S4* recited, and for repealing and amending several of the Lmvs noiu in being relative thereto; whereby it is among other Things enacted, that every Person who shall wilfully take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in

his or her Possession, or use any Partridge, between the first Day of February and the nrft Day of September,

1 in any Year, shall incur certain Penalties and Forfeitures, by the said Act laid and iroposed; And whereas

9 l 8

342

and so much as relates to killing Partridge before Sept I, repealed. Persons taking Partridge, &c. between Feb. i and Sept. 14, lia! le to Penalties of recited Act.

Acts

27 Geo. III. Cap. 27.

30 G'co. III. Cap. 29.

31 Geo III. Cap. 38.

32 Geo. III. Cap. 37., and

33 Geo. III. Cap. 50. recited.

try .1

and from June i, 1796,extended to the Port of Scarborough in Tobago.

36 Geo. III. Cap. 21. recited

C. 55, 56. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

the searching for, taking and killing of Partridges, so early in the Year as the first Day of September, has been found very prejudicial to the Corn then growing or uncut, or cut and not carried :* May it therefore plea'e your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act as relates to the wilfully taking, killing, destroying, carrying, felling, buying, having, or uling, any Partridge, before the first Day of September in any Year, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be

repealed. ,4

II. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall wilfully take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or her Possession, or use, within that Part of Great Britain ca\\e& Scotland, any Partridge, between the first Day of February and the fourteenth Day of September in any Year, shall be liable to and incur the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as by the said Act are laid and imposed on every Person wilfully taking, killing, destroying, carrying, felling, buying, having, or using, any Partridge, between the first Day of February and the first Day of September, in every Year; such Penalties and Forfeitures to be imposed, inflicted, applied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as in and by the said Act is provided and directed. -'*« t.

i

CAP. LV.

An Act for making the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, a Free Port, under

certain Regulations and Restrictions.

26th Ap il 1796 ]

WHEREAS by several Acts made in the twenty-seventh, thirtieth, thiriy first, thirty-second, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is provided that Wool, Cotton Wool, Ind:-4 go. Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Tobacco, Logwood, I utlic, and aJl Sorts of Wood for Dyers Use, Hides, Skins, and Tallow, Beaver, and all Sorts of Furs, Tortoise shall. Hardwood or Mill Timber, Mahogany, and all other Goods for Cabinet Ware, Horses, Asses, Mules, and Cattle, being the Growth and Production of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds, or precious Stones, may be imported from any of the said Colonies or Plantations into the several Ports of Kin* ft on. Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea, and Antonio in the Idand of Jamaica, the Porr of Saint (reoree in the Island of Grenada, the Port of Roje.au in the Island of Dominica, the Pert of Kajfau in the Island of New Providence one of the Bahama Islands, and the Port of Squit Johns in the island of Antigua, in any Foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than one Deck, and owned and navigated in the Manner therein prescribed, and together with otnpr Goods and Commodities mentioned in the said Acts, may be exported from thence under certain Regulations and Restrictions: And whereas it is expedient to permit the Goods and Commodities herein-before enumerat d, to be in like Manner imported into the Port of Scarborough in the Island of Tobago, and together with such other Goods and Commodities to be in like Manner exported from thence Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety* fix, all the Goods and Commodities herein-before enumerated and described shall and may be imported into the Port of Scarborough in the Island of Tobago, in the like Foreign Ships and Vessels, and together with such other Goods and Commodities mentioned in the said Acts, or any of them, be exported from thence to such Part of his Majesty's Dominions to which the Exportation of the same is permitted by any of the said Acts, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures; to be recovered and applied in the Mannetf in the said Acts, or any of them, mentioned and contained.

m ft * r * 4 - r% Y

Cap. lvi. .; - m

An Act for amending an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for allowing Bounties, for a limited Fime^ on the Importation into Great Britain, of any Wheats liheat Flour, Indian Corn,* Indian Meal, or Ryef in Brieifh Ships, or other Ships, the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption*

'ft, v [[26th April 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Atlfor atinuinf

Bounties for a limited Time, on the Importation into Great Britain, of any IVkeat, Wheat Flour,

4 Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, or other Ships, the Property of Persons of ar.y Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, or on the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption\

,4 it is directed, that none of the Bounties thereby granted shall be paid or allowed, unless the said Wheat,

and other Articles, shall be imported into some one of the Ports therein mentioned: And whereas it is

6 \ft fl

i

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

c.

58.

343

necessary and expedient, that other Ports should have the like Benefits extended to them \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, upon the Importation into the Ports of Barnstaple, Biddeford, Bridgewater, Bridport, Cardiff, Cardigan, Carnarvon, Fowey, Newhaven, Scarborough, Shore!) am, IPeymouth, Bon oiujl oness, Perth, Grangemouth, and Port Dundas, or the taking out of Warehouse of any Wheat or other Articles mentioned and described in the said Act, the Importer or Proprietor thereof shall be entitled to and shall receive the like Bounty as if such Wheat, or other Articles, had been imported into any of the Ports mentioned in the said Act.

II. Provided always, That the said Wheat, and other Articles, so imported or taken out of Warehouse, shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, as if the same had been imported into any of the Ports mentioned in the said recited Act, or had been taken out of Warehouse in pursuance thereof.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members md Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

[z6th April 1796.]

CAP. LVII I.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

[26th April 1796.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of h’.: present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majestfs Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Jatd United States; which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-third

M carrying on Iraae and the United States of

Plantations in America,

with rejf>edi to certain Articles therein mentioned; the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the same might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said last mentioned Act has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and also that the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign should be further continued; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and that the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer.

Geo. III. Cap. 45. to continue in force t:

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported xrom hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall

j6 Geo. III. Y y. hereafter

Bounties granted by reciicd Act on Wheat, ftc. imported, extended to certain other Ports,

subject to the like Ru.cs.

13 Geo III, Cap 39.

04 Geo. III. Cap. 45.

23 Geo. III. Cap. 39. so far as relates to the Commerce between this Kingdom and the United States of America, and 24 11 April 5, 1797.

Articles lrom any Place bordering on the Baltic, which

t

344

C. 58, 59. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

*’ m \ t 9 / j

hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted to be imported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States of America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Councit, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commodities shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, belonging thereto.

may be exported lrom this Kingdom, if exported contrary to Law, and Goods imported from the United States of America, and not permitted by Law, ^nd also

Goods import-

from tnefe States contrarylo Law, to be forfeited.

How Forfeitures are to be reco-, vered and applied.

Ad to continue in force till April 5, 1797 \

but maybe repealed this Sef-bon.

lit. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof disposed of, paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any forfeiture incurred by any Law respeiling the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Iv. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

I

CAP. LIX.

An Act for the more effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

[26th April 1796.]

10 Geo. III. Cap. 16.

11 Geo. III. Cap. 42.

25 Geo. III. Cap. 84. and

a8 Geo. III. Cap. 52. recited.

If, after counting the House,

acceding to the

i - 1 r

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,

4 it is enacted, That at the Time appointed for taking any Petition, complaining of an undue Election or Return of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, into Consideration, and previous to the reading the Order of the Day for that Purpose, the House shall be counted, and that if there be less than one hundred Members present, the Order for taking such Petition into Consideration shall be immediately ad- journed to a particular Hour on the following Day, as therein mentioned, and the House shall then ad- journ to the said Day; and that on the said following Day the House shall proceed in the same Manner;

and so from Day to Day till there be an Attendance of one hundred Members at the reading the Order the Day to take such Petition into Consideration: And whereas by an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act, it is enacted, That if at the Time of drawing by Lot the Names of the Members, in Manner prescribed by the said former Act, the Number of forty-nine Members, not set aside nor excused, cannot be completed, the House shall proceed 4 in the Manner they are directed by the said former Act to proceed, in case there be less than one hundred Members present at the Time therein prescribed for counting the House; and so from Day to Day, as often as the Case shall happen: And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Alembers to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed, and also for removing Difficulties which may at ife for IVant of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament; and by one other Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, it is enacted, That Petitions complaining of the Omission, or of the Insufficiency of a Return to any Writ issued for the Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament, and also the Petitions of any Person or Persons desiring to oppose any Right of Election, or the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing, any Returning Officer or Returning Officers, which shall have been deemed valid by the Determination of any Select Committee,

shall be taken into Consideration, tried and determined, in the same Manner as Petitions complaining of undue Elections and Returns are directed to be taken into Consideration, tried, and determined, by the said Acts passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty: And whereas it is expedient that further Provision should be made for preventing Delay in the Appointment of any such Select (Jom- mittee, to be appointed for the Purposes aforesaid, any or either of them :* Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if, after counting of the House in the Manner beforementioned, there be less than one hundred Members present, or if the forty-nme Members, nor set aside nor excused, cannot be completed, it shall and may be lawful for the House, (after the

15 Order

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59, 60.

Order or Orders for taking any such Petition or Petitions into Consideration (bail have been adjourned to a particular Hour, on the following or such other Day as in the said Act is directed,) to proceed (in like Manner as they might have proceeded if there had been no Order or Orders for taking any such Petition or Petitions into Consideration on that Day) upon any Order of the Day for the Call of the House, which shall have been previously fixed for that Day, and to direct that the House, in pursuance of such Order, be then called over, if they shall so think fit, or to direct that such Order of the Day for a Call of the House shall be adjourned to such future Day as they shall appoint, and in either of such Cases to come to fcich Resolutions, and to make such Orders relating thereto, as are usually at any Time made in such cases, or as to them shall seem meet; and in case no Order of the Day for a Call of the House shall have been previously fixed for that Day, then that it shall and may be lawful for the House to order that the House shall be called over on such future Day as they shall appoint, and to make such Orders relating thereto as they shall think necessary, and in any Case to make such other Orders as to them shall seem expedient for enforcing the Attendance of the Members on the Hu fine fs of the House; and that the House shall then adjourn to the same Djy to wlvich such Order or Orders shall have been adjourned, and so from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require; and in case no such Proceedings with respect to any Call of the House, or other the Matters before mentioned shall take place, or if in the Course of those Proceedings the House shall be adjourned for want of Members, the House shall be deemed and taken, and shall be declared to be adjourned to the same Day to which such Order or Orders shall have been adjourned: Provided always, that in case the forty-nine Members, not set aside nor excused, cannot be completed, it shall not be lawful for the House to proceed upon any of the Matters before mentioned, until the Door of the House is unlocked, and the Parties, their Counsel and Agents, are withdrawn from the Bar.

House not to proceed until the Door is unlocked, and the Parties

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the House shall not, on any Day when any such Petition or Petitions shall be ordered to be taken into Consideration, proceed to any other Business (other than such as may, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, be proceeded on previous to the reading of the Order of the Day for taking any such Petition or Petitions into Consideration) until there be an Attendance of one hundred Members, or until the Number of forty-nine Members, not set aside nor exculed, shall be completed, other than and except to the calling over of the House, adjourning such Call, or ordering a Call of the House on a future Day, and making such Orders relative thereto as they shall think fit, or such other Orders as to them shall seem expedient for enforcing the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House, in the Manner before mentioned.

3+5

first recited Act, there be not too Member* present, or if 49, not set aside nor excused, cannot be completed, the House'may proceed upon any Order of the Day for the Call of the House, Scc.f

but if such 49 Members cannot be completed, the Sec. withdrawn.

When Petitions are to be taken into Consideration, the House not to proceed to other Business until there be due Attend, alice, except calling over the House, Arc.

CAP. LX.

An Act to regulate the making and vending of Metal Buttons; and to prevent the Purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real Quality of such Buttons.

\ [26th April 1796.] *.

WHEREAS the manufacturing and vending of Gilt and Plated Buttons has for many Years been a

W great, and till of late an increasing Branch of Trade in this Kingdom; and great Quantities of such Goods have been sent to Foreign Markets: And whereas it hath been discovered that certain deceitful and fraudulent Practices have been and may be used in the making and vending of such Buttons, parti- cularly by the stamping or marking of Metal Buttons, being neither gilt or plated, with the Word Gilt or Plated, or with other Words or Marks intimating that the lame were gilt or plated, to the Intent that the same might pass for, and be sold as and for Gilt and Plated Buttons; or by marking Metal Buttons of an inferior Quality, or being (lightly gilt, with Words or Marks intimating that the same were Strongly Gilt,

or Extra Strongly Gilt, to the great Injury of the Purchasers thereof, and of the fair Trader; and by which the Use and Wear of Gilt and Plated Buttons is greatly diminished, both at Home and abroad, and this valuable Manufacture may ultimately be loft to this Country Therefore, for preventing and punishing such fraudulent and pernicious Practices, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by and with the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first; Day of August one Penalty on pot-thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, no Person or Persons, who shall order or apply for any Metal ting false Marks Buttons of or from any Manufacturer or Maker of Buttons, shall order ordireft the Words Gilt or Plated, onGi 1 uUons-or any other Word, Letter, Figure, Mark, or Device, indicating the Quality, to be printed, cast, stamped,

or marked, in or upon any Part of such Buttons, or order or direct any Word, Letter, Figure, Mark, or Device, whether the same do or do not indicate the Quality, to be printed, cast, stamped, or marked in or upon the Underside of such Buttons, unless such Person or Persons do and shall at the same Time order and direct such Buttons to be gilt with Gold, or plated with Silver respectively; and that no Person or Persons shall procure or purchase, or cause to be procured or purchased, any Metal Buttons, not being gilt with Gold, or plated with Silver respectively, having the Words Gilt or Plated, or any other Word, Letter, Figure, Mark, or Device, indicating the Quality, printed, cast, stamped, or marked thereon, or having any Word, Letter, Figure, Mark, or Device, whether the same do or do not indicate the Quality, printed, cast, stamped, or marked, on the Underside thereof, knowing the same not to be gilt with Gold,

Yy 2 or

346

C. 60.

tricesimo sexto

A.D. 1796.

No Marks to be used but such as truly express the real Quality of the Buttons.

To restrain Persons from marking any other than the Words Gilt or Plated " upon Metal Buttons.

Where Persons may mark the Words " Dou- hie Gilt," and Treble

upon 1 Buttons.

direct, or procure to be put, placed, or packed for Sale, in or upon any Card or Cards, other Substance, or fell, or expose or offer to Sale, or cause, dire#, or procure to be

or plated with Silver respectively, on Pain of forfeiting, in every of the Cases aforesaid, such Buttons, together with the Sum of five Pounds for any Quantity of such Buttons not exceeding twelve Dozen; and for any Quantity of such Buttons exceeding twelve Dozen, at and after the Rate of one Pound for every twelve Dozen; to be levied, recovered, and applied, in Manner herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Augufiy no Person or Persons shall print, caff, stamp, or mark, or cause, direct, or procure to be printed, caff, damped, or marked, in or upon any Part of any Metal Button or Buttons, the Words Gilt or Plated, or any other Word, Letter, Figure, Mark, or Device, indicating the Quality, or any Word, Letter, Figure, Mark, or Device, on the Underside thereof, whether the same do or do not indicate the Quality, unless the Tame be respectively really and born fide plated with Silver, before the same shall be so printed, caff, damped, or marked as aforesaid, or afterwards gilt with Gold, or destroyed before being fold; and that no Person or Persons shall put, place, or affix, or cause, direct, or procure to be put, placed, or affixed, upon any Metal Button or Buttons, having the Words Gilt or Hated, or any other Word, Letter, Figure, Mark, or Device, indicating the Quality, on any Part of such Button or Buttons, or any word, Letter, Figure, Mark, or Device, on the Underside thereof, whether the same do or do not indicate the Quality, any Ornament or Ornaments whatsoever, unless those Parts of such Button or Buttons which shall not be covered by such Ornament or Ornaments be respectively really and bona fide plated with Silver, or gilt with Gold, before such Ornament or Ornaments shall be put, placed, or affixed upon such Button or Buttons; and that no Person or Persons shall put, place, or pack, or cause,

raper or rapers, or sold or exposed, or

offered to Sale, any Metal Buttons, not being gilt with Gold, or plated with Silver respectively, if the Words Gilt or Plated, or any other Word, Letter, Figure, Mark, or Device, indicating the Quality of such Buttons be printed, caff, ffamped, or marked, in or upon any Part of such Buttons, or upon such Card or Cards, (not being the Pattern Card or Pattern Cards,) Paper or Papers, or other Substance; or if any Word, Letter, Figure, Mark, or Device, be printed, caff, ffamped, or marked, on the Underside of such Buttons, whether the same do or do not indicate the Quality, knowing the same not to be gilt with Gold, or plated with Silver respectively; upon Pain of forfeiting, in every of the Cases aforesaid, such Buttons, together with the Sum of five rounds for any Quantity of such Buttons exceeding one Dozen, and not exceeding twelve Dozen; and for any Quantity of such Buttons exceeding twelve Dozen, at and after the Rate of one Pound for every twelve Dozen; to be levied, recovered, and applied, in Manner herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of rfugujlno Person or Persons shall print, caff, stamp, or mark, or cause, direct, or procure to be printed, caff, ffamped, or marked, in or upon any Part of any Metal Button or Buttons, any Word, Letter, Figure, Mark, or Device, indicating or purporting to indicate the Quality thereof, lave and except the Words Gilt" or Plated’* respectively; and that no Person or Persons mall put, place, or pack, or cause, direct, or procure to be put* placed, or packed for Sale, in or upon any Card or Cards, (except the Pattern Card or Pattern Cards,) Paper or Papers, or other Substance or Parcel, or expose or offer to Sale, or cause, diredf, or procure to be sold, or exposed or offered to Sale, any Metal Buttons having any Word, Letter, Figure, Mark, or Device, indicating or purporting to indicate the Quality thereof, other than and except the Words <4 Gilt " or M Plated " respectively, printed, caff, ffamped, or marked, in or upon any Part thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting in every of the Cases aforesaid such Buttons, together with the Surp of five Pounds for any Quantity of such Buttons exceeding one Dozen, and not exceeding twelve Dozen; and for any Quantity of such Buttons exceeding twelve Dozen, at and after the Rate of one Pound for every twelve Dozen, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in Manner herein after mentioned.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to inflidl any Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture, or Punishment, upon apy Person or Persons who Avail print, caff, stamp, or mark, or cause or procure to be printed, caff, ffamped, or marked, the Words Double Gilt" in or upon any Metal Buttons, or put, place, or pack, or cause, direct* or procure, to be put, placed, or packed, for Sale, in or upon any Card or Cards, (except the Pattern Card or Pattern Cards,) Paper or Papers, or other Substance or Parcel, or expose or offer to Sale, or cause, direct, or procure to be sold, or exposed or offered to Sale, any Metal Buttons having the Words Double Gilt" printed, caff, ffamped, or marked, in or upon any Part thereof; provided continually, from the Time of gilding thereof, Gold shall remain put, placed, and equally spread upon the upper Surface of the said Buttons, exclusive of the Edges, in the Proportion of ten Grains to such Quantity of the said Buttons, the upper Surfaces of which, exclusive of the Edges, shall measure or be equal to the Superficies of a Circle twelve Inches in Diameter; or who shall print, caff, stamp, or mark, or cause or procure to be printed, caff, ffamped, or marked, the Words Treble Gilt" in or upon any Metal Buttons, or put, place, or pack, or cause, direct, or procure to be put, placed, or packed for Sale, in or upon any Card or Cards, (except the Pattern Card or Pattern Cards,) Paper or Papers, or other Substance or Parcel, or expose or offer to Sale, or caulc, direct, or procure to be sold, or exposed or offered to Sale, any Metal Buttons having the Words Treble Gilt" printed, caff, ffamped, or marked, in or upon any Part thereof; provided continually, from the Time of gilding thereof, Gold shall remain put, placed, and equally spread upon the upper Surface of the said Buttons, exclusive of the Edges, in the Proportion of fifteen Grains to such Quantity of the find Buttons, the upper Surfaces of which, exclusive of the Edges, shall measure or be equal to the Superficies of

347

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60.

a Circle twelve Inches in Diameter; any Thing herein-before said to the contrary thereof in any wise oot-wwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Aw>uj7, if any Person shall make out, fend, or deliver, for, with, or in relation to any Metal Huttons, any List, Bill of Parcels, or Invoice, expressing therein any other than the real Quality of such Buttons, and shall at the Time of making out, fending, or delivering such List, Bill of Parcels, or Invoice, know that such List, Bill of Parcels, or Invoice, express therein arvy other than the real Quality of such Buttons, such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfait and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in Manner herein after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall knowingly put, place, or intermix, or cause, order, direct, or procure to be put, placed, or intermixed, any Metal Button or Buttons, that shall not be respectively really and bona fide gilt with Gold, or plated with Silver, upon any Card or Cards, except Pattern Cards,) or upon any Paper or Papers, or other Substance whereon or wherein any Metal Button or Buttons gilt with Gold, or plated with Silver, shall be put or placed, nor intermix the same in any other Manner, upon pain of forfeiting the Buttons so put, placed, or intermixed, together with the Sum of five Pounds for any Quantity of Buttons so put, placed, or intermixed, exceeding one Dozen, and not exceeding twelve Dozen; and for any Quantity of Buttons so put, placed, or intermixed, exceeding twelve Dozen, at and after the Rate of one Pound for every twelve Dozen; to be levied, recovered, and applied, in Manner herein after mentioned.

VII. And, for the more easy and better ascertaining what shall be deemed or taken to be a Gilt or Plated Button or Buttons, be it enacted, That no Metal Buttons shall be deemed or taken to be Gilt Buttons, unless continually, from the Time of gilding thereof. Gold shall remain put, placed, and equally spread upon the upper Surface of the said Buttons, exclusive of the Edges, in the Proportion of five Grains to such Quantity of the said Buttons, the upper Surfaces of which, exclusive of the Edges, shall measure or be equal to the Area or Superficies of a Circle twelve Inches in Diameter; and that no Metal Buttons shall be deemed or taken to be plated Buttons, unless the Area or Superficies of the upper Surface thereof be made of a Plate of Silver, put, placed, or fixed upon Copper, or a Mixture of Copper with other Metals, previous to such Plate of Silver and Copper, or Mixture of Copper with other Metals, being rolled into Sheets or Fillets.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place where the Offender or Offenders shall reside, or where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act1; and such Justices are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made rn that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and the Witnesses on each Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fail, and upon due Proof thereof, either by Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment or Sentence for the pecuniary Penalty, with Costs to be allowed by such Justices; and to award and issue out their Warrant, undtr their Hands and Seals, for the levying such Penalty and Costs on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within five Days, inclusive of the Day of the Seizure, rendering the Surplus, if any, to the Person or Persons whole Goods or Chattels shall be distrained; and for Want of a sufficient Distress, such Justices shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to his Majesty's Gaol for the County, City, or Place, where such Information shall be laid as aforesaid, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless Payment shall be sooner made of the said Penalty and Costs.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justices, he, she, or they may (upon giving Security, with a sufficient Surety, to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty or Penalties, and Costs, together with such further Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed) appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such Conviction shall be made; and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses on Oath, and to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as the said Court shall think reasonable, to the Party in whose Favour such Appeal shall be determined.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for, and in the Power of the said Justices of the Peace, and also of the said Quarter Sessions, to modify and mitigate the said Penalties, in such Manner as to them shall seem expedient, provided that such Penalties shall in no Case be reduced below one Half, or, where such Penalties shall be less than the Sum of forty Pounds, below twenty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made upon any Offence or Offences in this Act mentioned or created shall be set aside in or by any Court whatsoever, for Want of Form, or through the Mif-take of any Fadf, Circumstance, or other Matter whatsoever, provided the material Fadts alledged in such Conviction, and upon which the same shall be grounded, be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Court} any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding-

XII. And be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following: (mutatis mu~ landis) as the Case shall happen to be, shall be good andefiedtual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without stating the Case, or the Fadts or Evidence in any particular Manner; (that is to say )*

11 remembered. That on the-----Day of -----in the Year of our Lord-----at----- in the County of -----A B. came before us, C. Z). and Zs. F. two of his Majesty's justices of the Peace for the said County, [City, or Place, in the Case may bef] and informed us, that G. H, of -- on the

M j JtI 4-----Day

Penalty on

mik.n, talfc invoices.

Penalty on mixing Buttons of different Qualities.

For ascertaininr what shall be deemed to be a Gilt Button.

Recovery of Penalties.

9

Appeal.

Mitigation of Penalties.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form only.

Form of Conviction*

34-8

C. Go.

tricesimo sexto

A.D. 1796.

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

Day of

now last past, at

in the said County [City, or Place, as the Case maybe]j

For compelling the Attendance of Witnesses.

Penalties may be recovered by Action.

Limitation of Time for Information* under the Act.

Application of the Penalties*

To enable Parishioners to be Witnesses.

Persons dif-closing by whose Order any Thing punishable under this Act was done, shall not be liable to any Penalty for doin§ it.

Manufacturers not to be liable to Penalties in certain

[here fetforth the Fail for which the Information is laid] 5 whereupon the said G. H. after being duly Turn-

moned to answer tire said Charge, appeared before us on the-----Day of -----at-----in the said County,

[City, or Place,] and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information, declared he was not guilty of the said Offence, [<?r, as the Case may happen tohef\ did not appear before us pursuant to the said Sum-mous; [or, did neglect and refuse to make any Defence against the said Charge ;] but the same being fully proved before us upon the Oath off. K. a credible Witness, [cr, as the Case may happen to bef\ acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true; and it manifestly appeared to us that the said G. H, is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the said Information; we do therefore hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that he the said G. H. hath forfeited the said Buttons,

together with the Sum of -----of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be

distributed as the Lav/ directs, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided. Given under our Hands and Seals the-----Day of -----.*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be summoned as a Witness to give Evidence before such Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Informer, or the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justices of the Peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence before such Justices, then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of live Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as are hereinbefore directed as to other Penalties.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to recover any of the pecuniary Penalties aforesaid by Action or Suit in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at V/eji-minster, with full Costs of Suit, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed 3 and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence is committed, or where the Offender or Offenders reside, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause any such Metal Buttons as shall be liable to be forfeited by virtue of this Act, to be seized, and the same, when seized, to keep in safe Custody, for the Purpose of producing the same in Evidence upon any Prosecution or Action to be instituted or commenced for the pecuniary Penalties incurred in respect thereof; and when and as soon as the further Production thereof in Evidence shall become unnecessary, then the same shall, by Order of such Justices, be defaced and destroyed.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Information shall be exhibited, or Action brought, for any of the Offences aforesaid, unless within the Space of three Calendar Months after the Commission of such Offences respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the pecuniary Penalties so to be recovered as aforesaid shall be paid and payable to the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform or sue for the same.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Suits, Informations, Trials, and other Proceedings in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to any Matter or T hing herein contained, any Inhabitant of the Parish, Township, or Place in which any Offence or Offences shall be committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and shall be deemed competent Witnesses, notwithstanding his, her, or their being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the Parish, Township, or Place wherein any such Offence or Offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall be liable to any of the Penalties aforesaid, by Reason of any Thing done by him, her, or them, under the Order, Direction, or Procurement of any other Person or Persons, shall, before any Information or Complaint shall be laid or made against him, her, or them, discover to any two or more Justices the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by whose Order, I)ire6fion, or Procurement he, me, or they shall have done such Act which shall have made himself, herself, or themselves liable to any of the Penalties, so that such Person or Persons by whose Order, Direction, or Procurement he, she, or they shall have done such Act, shall be prosecutedto Conviction for the same, then and in such Case such Person or Persons who- shall give such Information, or make such Complaint, shall not be liable to the Pains and Penalties aforesaid, but shall be entitled to a Moiety of the Penalty as other Informers.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Manufacturer or Maker of Buttons, who shall have ordered any Metal Buttons to be, gilt with Gold by any Gilder or Gilders, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall, before the burnishing of the said Buttons, appear before two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place where such Gilder or Gilders, or other Person or Persons shall reside, or where the Offence of such Gilder or Gilders, or other Person or Persons, shall have been committed, and prove before the said Justices, by one or more credible Witnesses, that he ordered and directed the said. Buttons to be gilt in the Manner required by this Act, and delivered a Quantity of Gold sufficient for that Purpose, or paid or contracted to pay a proper Sum of Money in that Behalf, and shall afterwards prosecute such Gilder or Gilders, or other Person or Persons, to Conviction, then and in any of the Cases the said Manufacturer or Maker of Buttons shall not be liable to any of the Fines, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Punishments in and by this Act inflicted, for or on Account of the said Buttons not being gilt with Gold 3 any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

- I

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sexto

1 III.

C. 60 - 63.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained mall extend, or be construed to extend or relate, to any Button or Buttons made of Gold, Silver, Tin, Wfer, Lead, or Mixtures of Tin and Lead, or Iron tinned, or of the mixed Metals called Bath Metal or Jvhiti Metal, or of either or any of these Metals inlaid with Steel, or Buttons plated upon Shell or Shells; any Thing herein-before said to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for what he or she may do in pursuance of this Act, such Suit or Action shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid, brought, and tried in the County, City, or Place, where the Offence was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Suitor Action, Suits or Actions, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if any Suit or Actionfkall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City, or Place, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict shall pass against him or her, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs. -

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed in all Courts within this Kingdom as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons herein concerned, are hereby required as such to take Notice hereof without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for further continuing and amending the several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of IFefltninster^ and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary-le-bone% and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn^ as lies in the County of Middlesex.

[26th April 1796.]

Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals

WHEREAS the Laws for preventing t rauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals 1 within the City and Liberty of West'mihjler, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining

1 thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary-le-bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, have been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring: May it therefore please your Jtflajesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present -fi

arliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act nailed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed tn the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint An-

revent the Frauds and Abuses committee

Part of the

drew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; which Ad was continued by several subsequent Acts passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and was continued by two Acts passed in the thirty-first and thirty-second Years of the same Reign, and was amended by the last of such Acts; and, subject to such Amendments, was further continued by an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and was amended by an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and, subject to such Amendments, was by that Ad further continued from the Expiration of the then subsisting Term, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the samei* hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and ten, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; except such Parts of the said Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign h s said late Majesty King George the Second as were altered by the said subsequent Acts of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his laid late Ma-

and the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to John Earl all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining

Hermes, and Shortwood, and Morehay, in the Forest of Rocking1 upon a full and adequate Confutation to be paid for the same.

f?

CAP. LXIII.

n Ad to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Earl of Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty in and upon the Hayccr Walkof IP'efl^ hay% in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid foe the same.

[26th April 1796.]

A - m 9

349

What Buttons the A A shall not extend to.

Limitation of

Actions.

[Public Act.]

Certain Acts continued until June 24, 1810.

C. 64 - 72. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton F.squire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty in and upon the Lawn of Benefield, and the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the Forest of Rockingamy in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

[26th April 1796.]

CAP. LXV.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster^ in the County of Middlesex, and the Vestry Rooms belonging thereto; for repairing and reinstating the Iron Rails inclosing the Scite of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto; and for making fevcial Regulations relating to the said Parish.

[26th April 1796.]

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing an Act, pasted in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. intituled, An Act for widening improving, regulatings pavings cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Placets within the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for better supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act.

[26th April 1796.]

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Morwellham §h<ay> in the_ Parish of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, in the Parish of North Tamerton, in the County of Cormually and also a certain Collateral Cut from Powlfon Bridges in the Parish of Lifton, in the said County of Dr-von, to Richgrove Mill, in the Parish of Saint Stephens near to the Borough ot Launceston, in the said County o{Cornwall.

[26th 1796.]

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of Aberdeen, or Saint Nicholas, into the River Dony at or near the South End of the Bridge over the same (adjacent to the Royal Burgh of Inverurie) in the Parish of Kintore, all within the County of Aberdeen, North Britain.

[26th April 1796.]

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to amend an Act of the thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Na* vigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan and for extending the said Canal to a Place called The Lower Layer, below the said Town.

[26th April 1796.]

CAP. LXX.

m 1 m 4 * t x A r. p I 4r m \

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete

the fame.

[26th April 1796.]

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, pasted in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Jvbitchurch Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the same from Franckton Common to Sherryman’s Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith.

[26th April 1796.]

Cap. lxxii. /;, Vj-gy

An Act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, draining, and preserving certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called the Hern Commons and Gore Common, within the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands rnd Lenv Grounds, m in thefeverai Parishesof Ramsey, Bury, Wiftow, Warboys, Farceitt, Standground, and Water Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Dod&wigton, in the lfie of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes.

[26th April 1796.]

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73 - 75

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for laying an additional Tax upon the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levels and on Portsand, otherwise Great Porfand, in the County of Lincoln, for the further Support and Preservation of the principal Banks and Works of the said North Level.

S- / [26th April 1796.]

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Seven millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of

Annuities.

[14th May 1796.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britabi in Parliament af- sembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved, that the Sum of seven millions five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Annuities, in Manner herein after mentioned j and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,’ £5V.

Every Contributor of 100l. to be entitled to a Principal of 100l. in the 3 per Cent. Consols., and an additional Principal of 20l. therein, from Jan, 5, 1796; a further Principal of 25l. in the 3 per Cents c4 Reduced, and an Annuity of 5 s. 6d. for 63 Years 9 Months, from April 3, 1796. Annuities to be payable out of the Consolidated Fund half-yearly. Contributors who have made Deposits at the Bank may pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions by Instalments. Contributors may pay their Subscriptions in Exchequer Bills made under 35 Geo. III. Cap. 21. 35 Geo. III. Cap. 22. 35 Geo. III. Cap.yj. and 35 44 Geo. III. Cap. 120. Guardians may subscribe for Infants. Contributors to be allowea Discount for Subscriptions paid in Advance. Annuities to be paid half-yearly, but not till Subscriptions are completed. Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions by the Times herein specified, to be en- titled to the Annuities at certain Periods. Annuities payable at the Bank. The Bank to appoint a 4 Cashier and Accountant General, and the Treasury to order Money to be paid to the Cashier. Cashier to pay Annuities without Delay, and the Accountant General to inspect his Accounts. Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions which may be assigned before Sept. 22, 1796. Cashier to give Security, and to pay Money within five Days after received, into the Exchequer. A Book to be kept in the Account- ant General’s Office for entering Contributors Names, a Duplicate of which shall be transmitted to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions to be entitled to their Annuities free from Taxes. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, to be forfeited. As soon as Subscrip- tiens are completed, they may be transferred at the Bank. Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate. 44 Treasury may apply the Money paid into the Exchequer. Accountant General to keep Books for re- giftering Transfers. Stock may be devised by Will, which must be entered with the Accountant General. Transfers not to be liable to Stamp Duty. Treasury to defray incidental Expences out of Contributions, and to allow Salaries to the Cashier and Accountant General. The 3 per Cents. Consols. under this Act to be added to the Joint Stock of the 3 per Cents. Consols.; and the 3 per Cents. Reduced to the Joint Stock of 3 per Cents. Reduced. Annuities of 5 s. 6d. to be added to the Annuities for 99 and 44 98 Years. Annuities granted by this Act to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund. Persons counter- feiting Receipts for Contributions, &c. guilty of Felony. The Bank to continue a Corporation till the 44 Annuities hereby granted cease. No Fee shall be taken for receiving Contributions, or paying or trans- furring Annuities, on Penalty of 20l. Treasury not to make any Issues of Money authorized to be raised under 36 Geo. III. Cap. 29. and Cap. 30. General Issue. Treble Costs."

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for further continuing for a limited Time an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Administ ration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parti of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies.

[14th May 1796.]

32 Geo. III. Cap. 53. recited, and continued for five Years, and to the End of the then next Session."

36 Geo. III.

Z z

CHAP

352

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

35 Geo. III. Cap. So.

and 35 Geo. III. Cap. 15. recited.

Vtfllls admitted to Entry by Orders of Council Once the Expiration of the first mentioned Act-exempted from Forfeiture, and Persons acting under them indemnified, &c.

Vessels not chooOng ro return to the

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have adied in consequence of Orders in Council, issued since the twenty second Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for the Actniflkm of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships-, and to" authorize the issuing of Orders in Council for the like Purpose, for a limited Time.

[14th May 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the all: Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to make further

Provision rejfp effing Ships and Effeffs come into this Kingdoin, to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty first Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety*

five; and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effeffs detained in, or brought into, the Ports of tviy Kingdom; it was amongst other Things enabled. That it should and might be lawful, at any Time before the Expiration of six Calendar Months after the passing of the said Act, to permit, by Order in Council,

4 Ships or Vessels, under the special Circumstances of the Case mentioned in the said Act, to take the Be- nefit of the said Orders; and also of another Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twentyfirst Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, respeffing the Admission of the Effeffs mentioned tn the said Orders into the Ports of this Country, to be warehoused; and for indemnifying alt Pefons who have affect in confe- auence of such Orders; and that all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, ami Effbdls, brought in the same,

should be exempted from all Forfeitures; and all Persons who had adied or should act in bringing in the same, or who had acted or should act in pursuance of or according to any Special Order in Council, should be indemnified, and should be released and discharged, in the same Manner as is provided in the said last recited Adl respecting Ships and Vessels, and Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, brought in Ships or Vessels entitled to the Benefit of the said Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-filft Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that all such Ships or Vessels, and all Goods,

4 Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, brought in the same, should be admitted to the same Privileges and Advantages as to Importation, Warehousing, or Exportation, and should be liable to the Payment of the same Duties, and be entitled to the same Drawbacks, and should be subject to the same Conditions,

4 Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are provided in the said first-mentioned Adl respecting Ships and Vessels, and Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, that have come into the Ports of this Kingdom to take the Benefit of the said last mentioned Adl, or of the said Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five:

4 And whereas a Number of Ships and Vessels have been admitted to an Entry by Order in Council, made in virtue of the said first mentioned Act, within the said six Calendar Months after the passing of the said Act: And whereas, at the Expiration of the said six Months, it being found that many Ships and Vessels,

intending to take the Benefit of the Acts herein-before mentioned, were upon the Sea, and had not yet arrived, and that the Commerce of this Kingdom had already been benefited by the Admission of the aforesaid Ships and Vessels, and would be dill further benefited by the Admitlion of others in the Manner herein-before mentioned; Orders in Council have been issued to admit to an Entry in the Ports of this Kingdom, several other Ships and Vessels in the Circumstances before mentioned, permitting such Parts of the Cargoes of such Ships and Vessels as were intended for Re-exportation, to be warehoused for Re-exporcation, and such Parts thereof as may by Law be fold in this Kingdom, and were intended to be sold in this Kingdom, to be entered,

upon Bond being given for Payment of such Duties as Parliament might think proper to impose on the same:

And whereas it is expedient that such last mentioned Ships and Vessels, with iheir Cargjes, should be ex- empted from all Forfeitures, and all Persons who have adied or shall act in bringing in the same, or who have adied or shall act in pursuance of or according to such Special Orders, ought to be indemnified:* Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 1'hat all such Ships or Vessels, with their Cargoes, shall be exempted from Forfeiture, and all Persons who have adied or who shall act in bringing in the same, or who shall act in pursuance of or according to such Orders issued since the Expiration of the said first mentioned Adl, shall be indemnified, in the same Manner as if such Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, had been entitled to take the Benefit of the said Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and in me same Manner as Persons acting in pursuance of or according to the said last mentioned Orders have been exempted from Forfeiture, and indemnified by the said last mentioned Adl; and such last mentioned Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, shall be considered as entitled to take the Benefit of the said Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and of the said last mentioned Adl, and as entitled to the same Drawbacks, and as subject to the same Duties, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if such Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, had been admitted to Entry during the Continuance of the said first mentioned

Adl.

II. And whereas, under the special Circumstances of the Commerce of Europe^ and particularly of that of The United Provinces, it will be for the Benefit of the Commerce of this Kingdom to continue to

allow,

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77.

allow, foe a further Time to be limited, such Ships and Vessels described in the said Act, as may not choose to return to the Ports of The United Provinces, and also any other Ships and Vessels belonging to

Persons of any Country in Amity with his Majesty., which are in search of a Place wherein to deposit

their Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to come to any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in the same Manneras if such Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, had been entitled to take the Benefit of the said Or- ders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety- five;* be it therefore enacted, That, until the twenty-iecond Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful to admit, by Order in Council, such Ships or Vessels, under such special Circumstances, to take the Benefit of the said last mentioned Act, and of the said Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, brought in the same, shall be exempted from all Forfeitures, and all Persons who shall act in bringing in the same, or who shall act injpurfuance of or according to any such Order in Council, faallbe indemnified, and shall be released and discharged in the same Manner as is provided in the said last mentioned Act respecting Ships and Vessels, and Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, brought in Ships or Vessels entitled to the Benefit of the said Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that all such Ships and Vessels, and all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effect% brought in the same, shall beadmitted to the same Privileges and Advantages, as to Importation, Warehousing, or Exportation, and shall be liable to the Payment of the same Duties, and be entitled to the same Drawbacks, and shall be subject to the same Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are provided in the said first mentioned Act respecting Ships and Vessels, and Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, that have come into the Ports of this Kingdom to take the Benefit of the said last mentioned Act, or of the said Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, except in Cases wherein any of the said Duties or Drawbacks have been altered by any Act passed in the present Session of Parliament.

III. And whereas, by the first mentioned of the said Acts, his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, is empowered, from Time to Time, to grant a Commission or Commissions, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to three or more Persons, authorizing them to take into their Possession, and under their Care, Ships and Cargoes described in the said Act, and to manage, fell, and otherwise dispose of the same, in the Manner therein directed: And whereas a Commission has been granted by virtue of the said Act to five Persons, and Doubts may arise whether a Majority of the said Commissioners are authorized by Law to do any Act in Execution of the Powers thereby granted, without the Presence and Concurrence of the other Commissioners ;* be it further enacted, That every Act, Matter, or Thing, done or performed, or ordered to be done or pei formed, in Execution of the Powers granted in the said Commission, by any three or more of the said Commissioners, shall be deemed and taken to have been, and shall be equally valid, as if such Act, Matter, or Thing, had been done or performed, or ordered to be done or performed, by the Whole of the said Commissioners; and all and every Person and Persons who have done or performed, or shall do or perform, any Act, Matter, or Thing, in obedience to or in pursuance of the same, shall be indemnified as if the lame had been done or performed, or ordered to be done or performed by the Whole of the said Commissioners; and that any three or more of the said Commissioners, and also that the Majority of Persons appointed in any future Commission to be granted by virtue of the said first mentioned Act, shall have lull Power and Authority to do and perform, and order to be done and performed, any Act, Matter, or Thing, in Execution of the said Commissions respectively, which the Whole of the Commissioners appointed therein may do and perform, or order to be done and performed, by virtue of the said first mentioned Act, and the said Commissions respectively.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery.

[14th May 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery, it is enacted, that for every Barrel of White Mackarel twice packed and completely cured, and containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into any Parts beyond the Seas, (except into the Mediterranean,) a Bounty of two Shillings and eight Pence shall be paid; and for every Barrel of Mackarel which shall be landed from any Boats or Vessels, and which shall afterwards be properly salted and cured, there shall be paid a Bounty of one Shilling: And whereas it is in and by the said recited Act further en- acted, that the proper Officer or Officers appointed to pay the Bounties given by that Act, are thereby cm- powered and directed to retain and keep in their Hands the following Sums, until toe same shall amount to the Sucnof two hundred Pounds; that is to say, For every Barrel of Mackarel, on which the Bounty ofoor Shilling shall be payable, the Sum of six Pence; and for every Barrel of Mackarel, bn which the Bounty of two Shillings and eight Pence shall be payable, the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence; and to pay ovtr the Sums so retained for the Purpose of defraying the Costs and Charges attending the obtaining and passing the said Act, to Thomas Rajhleighy the Solicitor thereof; provided that such Costs and Charges do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of two hundred Pounds: And whereas, to avoid all Doubts with respect to the Payment of the said Bounties, and also as to the Payment of the Costs and Charges attending the obtaining

353

Ports of the United Provinces, and Vtflt Is belonging to any Country in Amity with his Mjjtfly, may, by Order of Council, beadmitted till Feb. n, 1797, to take the Benefit of the last mentioned Act.

Three #f the

Commissionera appointed in virtue of 1 he first mentioned Act, may aft;

as also the jority of rhofe who may be appointed in any future Commi (Don.

35 Geo. III. Cap. $4. recited;

354

Bounties granted by the recited Act to be paid by the Officers appointed to pay Bounties under 5 Geo. I- Cap. j8 j and 16 Geo. JII. Cap. Sr;

who thalJ retain Money to defray the Charges of recited Act.

C. 78. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

taining and patting the said Act,’ it is hereby enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Officer or Officers appointed or directed for the Payment of the several Bounties, granted by the Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in Foreign Parti; and by another Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more efeftual Encouragement of the British Fishet ies; shall pay the several Bounties granted and made payable in and by the said Aci passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, at such Times, and in such Manner, and out of such Monies as the said Bounties are directed, by the said two recited Acts of the fifth and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty, or either of them, to be paid.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Officer or Officers l'o appointed for Payment of the said Bounties, shall retain and keep in his or their Hand or Hands the following Sums, until toe same shall amount to the Sum of one hundred and seventy-six Pounds, being the Costs and Charges attending the obtaining and patting the said Act; (that is to say,) For every Barrel of Mackarel on which the Bounty of one Shilling shall be payable, the 5umof six Pence, until the lame shall amount to the Sum of forty-four Pounds; and for every Barrel of Mackarel, on which the Bounty of two Shillings and eight Pence shall be payable, the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence, until the same shall amount to the Sum of one hundred and thirty-two Pounds; and do and Hull pay such several Sums of forty-four Pounds, and one hundred and thirty-two Pounds so retained, making together the Sum of one hundred and seventy-six Pounds, unto Thomas Rajhleigh^ the Solicitor employed for obtaining and patting the said Act; any Thing in the said former Act made and passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, and this Act, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

35 Geo. III. Cap. ao. recited;

tnd instead of the Duty and Drawback thereby granted and allowed on Maho/.any, the following to lake place.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for charging the Duty on Mahogany imported by Weight.

[14th May 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties of Crfloms on the Importation of Fruity Sallad Oil, Waste Silk, and Timber, and on the Exportation <?/* British Rock Salt and Coal, among other Things a Duty of one Penny Halfpenny the Foot Square, Superficial Measure, is imposed on the Importation of Mahogany into the Kingdom of Great Britain, and a Drawback of the Whole of the said Duty is allowed on the Exportation thereof from the said Kingdom: And whereas Difficulties have arisen in respect to the ascertaining the Duty so imposed; and it is therefore expedient as well for the Benefit of the Revenue, as the Accommodation of the Merchant,

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this liament attembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, instead and in lieu of the Duty imposed on the Importation, and the Drawback allowed on the Exportation of Mahogany by the said recited Act, the Duty and Drawback shall be respectively as follows; (videlicet,)

Duty and Drawback of Mahogany imported and not delivered to be according to this Act.

Duties and Drawbacks to be levied and allowed as by the recited Act.

m # % r i f 0 0 1 v d li f 0 W J *! % m 1 "I

Mahogany of the Growth of any of the Bahama Blands, and imported directly from thence, the Ton containing twenty hundred Weight j

Mahogany of the Growth of the British Limits within the Province of Yucatan in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said Bay, the Ton containing twenty hundred Weight - *r

Mahogany not imported directly from any of the Bahama Islands, or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras, or any Mahogany being of the Growth of any other Country or Place, the Ton containing twenty hundred Weight,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Mahogany has been imported since the patting of the said recited Act, and such Mahogany has not been delivered by the Officers of the Customs on Payment of the Duty thereby imposed, the same shall be charged with the Duty, and shall on Exportation be allowed the Drawback according to this Act.

| Duty. Drawback.f

£ r. d. £ * d. I

1 10 - I 10 -

I 10 - I 10 -

3 1r - 3 -

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Act respectively imposed and allowed, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated, and applied, in like Manner, and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Duties on the Importation, and the Drawbacks on the Exportation of the several Articles contained in the Schedule referred to in the said recited Act, are respectively now raised, levied, collected, paid, reco/ered, allowed, appropriated, and applied, by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act.

9

CAP.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 79 - 8r

355

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for reducing the Duty payable on Black Lead imported into this Kingdom.

[14th May 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the more effectual preserving and encouraging the Manufacture of Black Lead Melting Pots in this Country, to reduce the Duty payable on the Importation into, and to alter the Drawback allowable on the Exportation of Foreign Black Lead from Great Britain \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Duty to be paid on the Importation, and the Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation, of Foreign Black Lead,'by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue \ for permitting the Importation o f certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, (except as to the Recovery and Payment of Arrears,) and instead and in lieu thereof, the Duty on the Importation, and the Drawback on the Exportation, of Foreign Black Lead, shall be respectively as follows; videlicet.

Duty.

Black Lead the Hundred Weight

B I'

d.

Drawback.

s. I d.

6

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty and Drawback by this Act imposed and allowed, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated, and applied, in like Manner, and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Duty on the Importation, and the Drawback on the Exportation, of Black Lead are now raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, applied, and allowed, by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited

Aa.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Licences to fell Gloves and Mittens by Retail.

«c

’14th May 1796.]

25 Geo. III. Cat). 5$. and 34 Geo. III. Cap. 10. recited. Duties imposed by the first recited Act on Li-confesto vend Gloves and Mittens toceafe, from the passing of this Act."

CAP. LXXX I.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Melasses from any Country in British Ships or Vessels, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time.

[14th May 1796.]

4 X X WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a

limited Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malty or any other Sort of

4 Grain, or from any Mealy Floury or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the

4 Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty \ it is amongst

other Things enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

five, until and upon the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and from and after the seventeenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six,

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; no Low Wines or Spirits shall be brewed, made, prepared,

extracted, or distilled, from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or Tilts, or any Sort of Corn or Grain, or from any

4 Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the same: And whereas by an Act passed in the present Sei-

fion of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a further limited Time, an Act, ? made in the last Session

of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from

Jf'heat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran \ and for permitting

%l Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, on

Payment of Duty; and to prohibit the DifUllaiion of Low Wines or Spirits from Mclcffes, of the Manufac-

ture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, is further continued until the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and mnety-seven,

and all the Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said Act to prevent the

4 Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and the several other Articles therein enumerated, arc

extended to the brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits from Me-

lades, of the Manufacture of this Kingdom; or from Sugar or Potatoes, or any Mixture with the lame

respectively:

The Duty and Drawback fixed by 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13. repealed.

New Duty and Drawback,

To be levied and paid a* under the recited Act.

35 Geo. III. Cap. 119. and

36 Geo. III. Cap. 10. recited.

356

C. 82.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Mchflcs may be imported from any Country in British Vessels, or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with his Majesty, on Payment of certain Duries, and to be allowed Drawbacks on Exportation.

Duties and

Drawbacks to be levied and allowed, agreeable to 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13.

respectively: And whereas, for the Benefit of the Distilleries of this Kingdom, it is expedient to permit,

for a lmnitted Time, the Importation of Melasses from any Country in Europe, not in the Possession of his Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to Great Britain, or belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amit y with his Majesty, subject to the Duty on Foreign Melasses, not of and from the British Plantations in America, and to permit, during the Continuance of the said recited Acts, the Importation of Mdafles from any Country out of Europe, not in the Possession of his Majesty, in any British Ship or Vefici owned and navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, subject to the Duty on Melasses of and from the British Plantations in America Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom, Melasses from any Country in Europe, not in the Possession of his Majesty, and in any Ship or Vessel belonging to Great Britain, or to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, on Payment of a Duty of eleven Shillings and nine Pence the Hundred Weight; and during the Continuance of the before-recited A<5ls, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom, MclalTes from any Country out of Europe, not in the Possession of his Majesty, in any British Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law, on Payment of a Duty of three Shillings the Hundred Weight; and also to impoitany Melasses from any Country out of Europe, not in the Possession of his Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, on Payment of a Duty of six Shillings the hundred Weight; and on the Exportation according to Law of such Melasses imported from any Country in Europe, not in the Possession of his Majesty, there shall be allowed a Drawback of eleven Shillings and five Pence the Hundred Weight; and on the Exportation according to Law offueh Melasses imported in British-built Ships, from any Country out of Europe, not in the Possession of his Majesty, theie shall be allowed a Drawback of two Shillings and eight Pence the Hundred Weight; and on the Exportation according to Law of any Melasses imported from any Country out of Europe, not in the Possession of his Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, there shall be allowed a Drawback of five Shillings and eight Pence the Hundred Weight.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, applied, and appropriated, in like Manner, and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Duties on the Importation, and the Drawback on the Exportation of Melasses, are respectively now raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and allowed, by virtue and in pursuance of an Act passed in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the everal Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Warcs, and Merchandize, the Produce and Xlanu-faclure of the European Dominions of /fo French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment f Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt.

CAP. LXXXII.

»7 Geo. III. Cap. 13.

An Act more effectually to prevent the Landing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without the Presence of the proper Officer, to authorize Officers of the Customs to convey Wines laying on the Quays to His Majesty's Warehouse within a certain Time after the Landing thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels, and Boats, licensed by the Admiralty, to give Security to re-deliver their Licenses, in case any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, shall be loft, broken up, or otherwise disposed of.

[14th May 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act,'passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the everal Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together ivtth the other Duties composing the Public Revenue-,

for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of /£<? French King into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Alonies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt-, it is among other Things enacted, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported or brought into Great Britain, with an Intent to be landed, except Diamonds, Jewels. Pearls, Precious Stones, and Bul- lien, and fresh Fish, British taken, and imported in British-bu\h Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law; and also except Turbots and Lobsters, however taken or imported; whe- ther such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are or shall be liable to Duty or not, shall be regularly entered at the Custom-house, and landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers, who (Hall examine the same, and shall not deliver them out of his or their Custody and Possession, until he or they shall have taken 4 a particular Account of the Quantity and Species of such Goods: And whereas the good Purposes intended by the said Act have been in many Instances defeated, and the Revenue exposed to Frauds, by the Landing of Goods without the Presence of the proper Officer; and it is therefore expedient that the said Act should be amended, and that Goods so landed, either on Sundays, Holidays, or any other Days,

13.

A.D. 17Q6.

Anno tricesitno sexto Gp.orgii III.

C. 82. 357

should be forfeited :V Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported or brought into Great Britain, (except Diamonds, Jewels, Pearls, Precious Stones, and Bullion, and fresh Kith, British taken, and imported in British-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law; and also except Turbots and Lobsters, however taken or impoited,) whether such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are or shall be liable to Duty or not, shall be unshipped or landed without the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs, either on Sundays^ f Holidays, or any other Days, all such Goods shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs.

II. And whereas, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Aflfor charging Ware- house Relit on If^ines, in certain Cases, secured in His Majesty's Warehouses; for equalizing the Duties on Irines exported to India China; and for providing Warehouses for Coffee and Cocoa Nuts imported into ttiis Kingdom; Officers of the Customs are authorized to carry or convey to his Majesty's Warehouses, for Security of the Duties, any Wine that is not entered according to Law, within twenty Days from the Time of the Matter making his Report at the Custom-house of the Ship on board of which such Wines shall have been imported: And whereas the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of Wine, are in the Prndlice of making Entries for the same, within the Time prescribed by Law, and letting such Wine re- main on the Quays for a long Time, without being removed, whereby the Quays are much crouded, to the great Inconvenience of Trade and Commerce, and Impediment to the Publick Service;’ for the Prevention thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excite, at the Expiration of ten Days from and after the Landing thereof, to carry and convey such Wines to any of his Majesty's Warehouses, and before the same shall be delivered out of any Warehouse or Warehouses, the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of such Wine, shall pay into the Hands of the proper Officers of Customs and Excise respectively, all Duties which shall be due thereon, and which shall remain unpaid, and into the Hands of the proper Warehouse Keeper of Customs or Excise Warehouse Relit, for such Wine, at and after the Rate of Sixpence per Week, for each and every Cask or other Package, from the Time of the same being warehoused, together with the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the carrying of such Wine, Casks, and Packages to such Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise relating to such Wine, Casks, and Packages; and it the Importer, Proprietor, or Con-signee shall neglect or refule to take'such Wine from such Warehouse or Warehouses within the Space of three Months, the same shall and may be sold to defray the said Duties, Warehouse Relit, Costs, Charges, and Expences incurred thereon; and the Overplus shall be paid to the said Importer, Proprietor, or Con-

No Goods Imported, except Diamonds, &c. Hull be unship-ped without the Pre fence of the proper Officer, on Penalty of Forfeiture.

35 Geo. III. Cap. 113.

Wine not removed inten Days after Landing may be warehoused; and bi fore Delivery thereout, the Duty, and 6d. a Week per Cate Ware- house Relit, with Charges of Removal, to be paid;

and if not removed from the Warehouse in three Months, may be fold.

signee.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and federal other Acts, certain Ships, Vessels, and Boats, therein particularly defenbed, are in certain Cases subject to Forfeiture, unless the Owner thereof shall have a Licence, as therein described and directed, for navigating the same, from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, or any Person authorized by them to grant the same: And whereas the Owner of every Ship, Vef- set, or Boat, so licensed, is required to give certain Security, as in the said Acts directed, before such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, proceeds to Sea, or fails out of any Port, Harbour, or Creek, in this Kingdom; And whereas it is expedient that, over and above the Security in the said Acts directed, further Security should be given by Bond, in Manner directed by the said Acts, by the said Owner, before any such Vessel shall proceed to Sea, or fail out of any Port, Harbour, or Creek, in this Kingdom, that on any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, being loft, broken up, fold, or otherwise disposed of, the saul Licence, so granted as aforesaid, shall be delivered up to the Person or Persons by whom such Security shall have been taken, or his or their Successors in Office, in order that the same may be cancelled within the Space of three Months from the Time any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall have been loft, broken up, fold, or otherwise disposed of:’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Owner of every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall be licensed in pursuance of the said Acts, or either of them, shall, before any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall proceed to Sea, or fail out of any Port, Harbour, or Creek, in mis Kingdom, give Security by Bond, (over and above the Security directed by the said Acts,) in the Manner directed therein respectively, that in case any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be loft, broken up, fold, or otherwise disposed of, every such Licence shall be delivered up to the Person or Persons by whom such Security shall have been taken, or to his or their Successors in Office, in order that the same may be canceled, which he or they are hereby authorized and required to do, within the Space of three Months from the Time any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be loft, broken up, fold, or otherwise disposed ot; any Law, Custom, or LJfage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That although any Licence granted in pursuance of the said Acts may not be delivered up to be cancelled within the Time specified in this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them, or the Commissioners of his Male fly’s Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized respectively, in case they fee sufficient Cause, at any Time, to direct the Person or Persons by whom Security shall h^ve been taken from the Owner or Owners of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to whom such Licence shall nave

® granted, to receive such Licence, and cancel such Security.

CAP.

24 Geo. III. Scfl*. 2. Cap. 47,

Owners of Vef-

fels licensed

pdnuant to last mentioned Act, to give Bond, that if they bef loiL 1Serf the

Licence shall be delivered up.

Commissioners of Customs may at any Time direct Licences to be cancelled.

3S8

C. 83.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

it Anne, Stat. z. Cap. ix.

Bishop or Ordinary may appoint a Stipend to Curates, of 751. per Annum, with the Use of the Par-fonage House in a certain Case, or an Allowance for it.

The Grant of the House may be revoked.

Penalty on not delivering it up.

1 Geo. I. Stat. 2. Cap. 10.

Churches augmented by Queen Anne’s Bounty, to be deemed Benefices presenta-tive, and the officiating Curate may have a like Stipend.

Benefices held with augmented Cures to be held by the present Incumbents.

w

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for making certain Regulations respecting the Appointment of such Curates, and the Admission of Persons to Cures augmented by Queen Anne's Bounty, with respect to the Avoidance of other Benefices.

[14th May 1796.]

1

HF.REAS, in and by a Statute passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Antic, it is enacted, That if any Rector or Vicar, having Cure of Souls, should, after the twenty-ninth of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen* nominate and present any Curate to the Bishop or Ordinary, to be licensed or admitted to serve the Cure of such Rector or Vicar in his Absence, the said Bishop or Ordinary, having Regard to the Greatness of the Cure, and the Value of the Ecclehaflical Benefices of such Rector or Vicar, should, on or before the granting such Licence, appoint, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, a sufficient certain Stipend or Allowance, not exceeding fifty Pounds per Annum nor less than twenty Pounds per Annum, to be paid or answered at such Times as he should think fit, by such Rector or Vicar to such Curate, for his Support and Maintenance; and if it should appear to the Bishop or Ordinary, upon Complaint or otherwise, that any Curate of such Rector or Vicar, licensed or admitted before the twenty-ninth of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, had not a sufficient Maintenance, it should be lawful for the said Bishop or Ordinary to appoint him a certain Stipend or Allowance in like Manner as before mentioned; and in case any Difference shall arise between any Rector or Vicar and his Curate, touching such Stipend or Allowance, or the Payment thereof, the Bishop or Ordinary, on Complaint to him made, should summarily hear and determine the same; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay such Stipend or Allowance, might fequefler the Profits of such Benefice for and until Payment thereof: And whereas in many Places the Provision made, in and by the said Statute, for the Support and Maintenance of such Curate, is now become inefficient be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Bishop or Ordinary to appoint, under his Hand and Seal, any Stipend or Allowance for any Curate heretofore nominated or employed, or hereafter to be nominated or employed, not exceeding seventy-five Pounds per Annum, over and besides, on Livings where the Rector or Vicar does not personally reside four Months in the Year at least, the Use of the Rectory or Vicarage House, and the Garden and Stable thereunto belonging, such Use to be granted to the said Curate for the Space of twelve Calendar Months by the Authority of the Bishop or Ordinary, under his Hand and Seal, with Power in the said Bishop or Ordinary to renew the Grant from Time to Time, or a further Sum not exceeding fifteen Pounds per Annum, in lieu of such House, Garden, and Stable, in case there shall be none such, or it shall appear to the Bishop or Ordinary not to be convenient to allot and assign the same to such Curate; which said Stipend or Stipends shall be paid and recovered in such and the same Manner as the Stipend payable under and by virtue of the said recited Act: Provided always, That the said House, Garden, and Stable shall be for the Use of the said Curate and his Family only during his actual Residence in the said Rectory and Vicarage House.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Bishop or Ordinary shall have Power, at any Time, under his Hand and Seal, to revoke the Grant to the said Curate of the said House, Garden, and Stable, or any of them; and also to insert in such Grant such Terms and Conditions to be observed on the Part of the Curate as he shall think reasonable; and also that the Curate shall peaceably deliver up the Possession of the Premises granted to him at the Expiration or other sooner Determination of the Grant thereof; and in case he shall refuse so to do, he shall forfeit and lose to the Rector or Vicar all such Parts of his Stipend as shall then be unpaid, or shall thereafter become due, and also the Sum of fifty Pounds to such Rector or Vicar, 3nd which shall be recoverable in an Action of Debt.

in. And whereas by an Act passed in the first Year of his late most gracious Majesty King George the First, it was enacted, That all Churches, Curacies, and Chapels, which should be' augmented by the Governors of the late Queen Anne's Bounty, should be from thenceforth perpetual Cures and Benefices: And whereas it is expedient that such augmented Churches, Curacies, and Chapels should be subjected to the same Rules as Benefices, with respect to the Avoidance of other Benefices be it further enacted, That such augmented Churches, Curacies, and Chapels shall be considered in Law as Benefices presentative, so as that the Licence thereto shall operate in the same Manner as Institution to such Benefices, and shall render voidable other Livings, in like Manner as Institution to the said Benefices; and that it shall be lawful for the Bishop or Ordinary, within whose Jurisdiction such augmented Church, Curacy, or Chapel shall lie, to appoint, under his Hand and Seal, any Stipend or Allowance for the officiating Curate to be nominated or employed by the perpetual Curate or Incumbent thereof, not exceeding seventy-five Pounds per Annum, for which Payment the said Curate shall have the same and like Remedies as are herein-before given to the Curates of Rectors and Vicars.

IV. And whereas Doubts have been lately entertained, whether the Acceptance of such augmented Churches, Curacies, and Chapels has rendered voidable in Law such other Benefices as the Incumbents possessed before their Acceptance of the same: And whereas it is fit that many Incumbents who have ac- cepted such Churches, Curacies, and Chapels, should be quieted in the Possession of the Benefices they enjoyed before the Acceptance of the same it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Bendicesas

359

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 84, 85.

were held in Conjunction with augmented Cures before the passing of this Act, shall continue to be held by the present Incumbents therewith; and that it shall not be lawful to present to the said Benefices until they shall become void or voidable by Death or Celfion, or by other lawful cause of Avoidance, arising alter the passing of this Act.

V. And whereas many perpetual Curacies, although not augmented by the Bounty of Queen Anne%

have nevertheless become considerable in Value by the Improvement of the Tythcspr Glebe of which they happen to be endowed, or by other Circumstances be it further enacted, '1 'hat the Bishop or Ordinary within whose Jurisdiction they lie, shall have the like Bower, and under the like Limitations, and with the like Remedies, in apportioning the Stipends to be pa"J to the said officiating Curates by the Curates or Incumbents of perpetual Curacies, as is herein-before given respecting the Apportionment of the Stipends to the Curates employed in perpetual Cures augmented.

VI. And whereas it is expedient that the Authority of Ordinaries to license Curates, and to remove li-

censed Curates, should be further explained, enlarged, and confirmed be it enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the Ordinary to license any Curate who is or shall be actually employed by the Rector, Vicar, or other Incumbent of any Parish Church or Chapel, although noexpress Nomination of such Curate shall have been made, either in Words or in Writing, to the Ordinary by the said Redior, Vicar, or other incumbent; and that the Ordinary shall have Power to revoke, summarily and without Process, any Licence granted to any Curate employed within his Jurisdiction, and to remove such Curate for such good and rea-(onable Cause as he shall approve; subject, nevertheless, to an Appeal, as well in the Case of a Grant of a Licence to a Curate who has not been nominated, as in the Revocation of a Licence granted to a Curate; (bch Appeal to be made, in either Case, to the Archbishop of the Province, and to be determined in a sum-fnary Manner.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Trea-fiery for the Lime being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-ffth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Fojl, and by Time, to Jtich Persons as should be willing to contra ft for the same.

[14th May 1796.]

iC 27 Geo. III. Cap. 26. recited. From Augr i, 1796, the Treasury may let to Farm the Duties mentioned i4 in the recited Act, separately in Districts. No Contract to be made to continue beyond Feb. 1, 1800. Powers of recited Act to extend to this."

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for the better Regulation of Mills.

[14m May 1796.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in being for the Regulation of Mills have been found deficient and inef- fedlual :* Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, every Miller or other Person keeping a Mill for the grinding of Corn, shall have in such Mill a true and equal Balance, with proper Weights, according to the Standard of the Exchequer; and any Person or Persons appointed by virtue of an Act passed in the lift Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more rffeftunl Prevention of the (Jfe of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances, to examine the Weights and Balances within his or their respective Counties, Ridings, Liberties, and Divisions, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to examine such Balances and Weights, and to proceed with respect to them in the same Manner as is provided in the said Act with respect to Weights and Balances; and every Miller, or other Person as aforesaid, in whose Mill shall be found no Balance or Weights, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings; and every Miller, or other Person as aforesaid, in whose Mill shall be found any Weight or Weights not being according to the Standard in the Exchequer, or any falle or unequal Balance or Balances, and all Persons obstructing, hindering, or refilling such Persons in viewing and examining the same, shall be liable to be proceeded against, and shall forfeit and pay the like Penalties, as any Person committing the like Offences against the Provisions of the said Act would be respectively liable to.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons who shall bring or cause to be brought any Corn to any Mill to be ground, may require the Miller or other Person acting for him, or keeping the Mtlfj to weigh, in his or her Presence, such Corn before it shall be ground, and after it shall be ground may require the iVlilleror other Person as aforesaid to weigh, in his or her Presence, the Produce of the Corn (o ground; and if any Miller or other Person as aforesaid, shall refuse so to weigh the said Corn, he shall be liable to forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Miller, or other Person keeping a Mill for grinding Corn, shall, after grinding any Corn, deliver to the Person who brought or caused such Corn to be brought, if such Person shall require the same, the whole Produce of such Corn in Weight, allowing for the Diminution in Weight that shall have been caused by the Waste in grinding, and by taking Toll, in Cases where Toll is heretn-after allowed to be taken; and if such Corn shall be dressed into Flour, then the whole Produce in Weight, allowing for the Diminution in Weight that shall have been caused by the Waste in grinding and dressing, and by taking Toll as aforesaid; and if such Corn, on being weighed after grinding, or, after 3* Geo. III. 3A. grinding

Eifhopor Ordinary may apportion the Stipend to officiating Curate* of perpetual Curacies not augmented.

Ordinary may license Curates employed, though r.o Nomination fluff have been made to him by the Incumbent, and may revoke any Licence, subject to Appeal to the Archbishop of the Province.

A Balance and Weights to be kept in every Corn Mill, (which may be examined by the Persons appointed under 35 Geo. III. Cap. foa.) on

Penalty of xo s.

Provisions of 35 Geo. III. Cap. ica. toex-tend to this Act.

Millers to weigh Com, if required, before and after ground, on Penalty of 40 s.

Millers to deliver the whole Produce of Com wherr ground, if rc-» quired, allowing for Waste and Toll, on Penalty of j s. per Bushel for

360

the Deficiency, and treble the Value.

Toll to be deduced from Com before it be put into the Mill.

No Corn, but Money, to be taken for Toll, on Penalty of 5l. except where the Party has no Money.

A6i not to extend to Mills where a Right to take Toll has been established by Custom and law.

Millers to put up in their Mills a Table of Price*, on Penalty of 10 s.

A A not to extend to private Mills.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Appeal may be made to the > Quarter Sessions.

Judgments not remoVeafcle

Limitation of Informations.

Form of Con* vision.

C. 85.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

grinding and dressing, shall appear to weigh less than such full Weight, after allowing for the Diminution, aforesaid, as the Case may be, such Miller shall, for every BushelofCorn lo deficient in Weight, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding one Shilling, and also treble the Value of such Deficiency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where Toll is herein after allowed to be taken, such Quantity of Corn as the Miller shall be lawfully entitled to deduct by Way of loll for grinding the lame, shall be deducted before the said Corn shall be put into the Mill.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, no Miller, or other Perforr keeping a Mill for grinding Corn, shall demand or'take any Part of the Corn brought to be ground, or of the Produce of such Corn when ground, by Way of Toll for Payment, but in lieu thereof he shall be entitled to demand Payment in lawful Money of Great Britain; and every Miller or other Person as aforesaid who shall demand or talce any Part of the Corn brought to be ground, or of the Produce of such Corn when ground, by Way of Toll fur Payment, shall for every such, Offence be liable to forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds: Provided always, that where any Person who has brought or caused to be brought any Corn to be ground shall not have Money to pay for grinding the same, it shall be lawful for the Miller or other Person as aforesaid, with the Consent of the Person bringing the same, or causing it to be brought, to take such Part of the Produce of such Corn as will be equal to the Money Price expressed in the Table of Prices for grinding such Com, as herein after required: Provided also, that nothing in this Clause contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the ancient Mills, commonly called Soke Mills, or to such other ancient Mills where the Right and Obligation of the Possessors of the same to grind Corn foj particular Persons, or within particular Districts, and to take a fixed and certain Toll for grinding, have been established by ancient Custom, and the Law of the Land, but that such Mills shall continue to take Toll in the same Quantity, and in the same Manner, as they have been used and accustomed to do under the Authority aforesaid,

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, every Miller, or other Person who shall grind for Hire or Toll, shall caiife to be put up in some conspicuous Place in his Mill, and renew when necessary, in fair and legible Characters, a Table of the Pricesin Money, or of the Amount of Toll or Multure, for which the several Operations of his Mill are to be performed respectively; and every Miller, or other Person, as aforesaid, who shall omit to set up and keep fair and legible such a Table, shall be liable to forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for every such Offence.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Mills kept for the private Use of the Proprietor, or Occupier only.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Penalty and Forfeiture imposed by this Act shall and may

be recoverable before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, upon Conviction, or Confession of the Party, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending; and the Penalty and Forfeiture, when so levied, shall be paid, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, and the Overplus, (if any,) after the Costs of such Conviction and Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned to the Party or Parties offending; and in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the said Costs and Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding one Month, unless the said Penalty and Forfeiture, and Costs and Charges, shall respectively be sooner paid and satisfied: Provided always, that in case any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselve* aggrieved by the Judgment of any fuc' J L *' A ~ 0

curity to the Amount of the Value ol __ ML

awarded, in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Division, or Place as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment of such Justice or Justices shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices, at their Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs, occasioned by such Appeal, as t > fiemselves shall seem meet; and no such Judgment or Conviction shall be removeable by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Information for any Offence committed against this Act shall be laid before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, within ten Days after the said Offence has been committed, and that otherwise such Information shall beof no fcffeft.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Conviction before one or more Justice or Justices may be made in the following Form:

2

( r>E it remembered. That on"the-----Day of-----in the Year Jl. B* was, upon the

4 to Wl 1 Complaint of C.D. convicted before-----of the Justices of the Peace for----- in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for 4 [or Of the Case may be]. Given under — Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above written.*

Which

4

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C.

Which Conviction shall be certified to the next General Quarter Sessions, thereto be filed amongst the Records of the County, Riding, or Division. "

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken norice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale of Butter $ and

v to repeal certain Acts relating thereto.

[14th May 1796.]

WHEREAS, to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale of Butter, various

Provisions were made, by a Statute, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King Charts the Second, and intituled, An Act for reforming of the Abuses committed in the Weight and false Packing of Buttery and by another Statute, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses committed by the Traders in Butter and Cheese: And whereas the Provisions of the said two Statutes are found to be defective and infufEcient; and therefore it may be expedient to make new Regulations in respect to the Packing, Weight, and Sale of such Butter :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Cooper, or other Person who shall make any Vessel for the packing of Butter, shall make the same of good and well-seasoned l imber, and tight, and not leaky, and shall grove in the Heads and Bottoms thereof; and every Vessel which shall be made for the packing of such Butter shall be a Tub, Firkin, or Half Firkin, and no other; and every Tub, Firkin, and Half Firkin, shall, at the Time the same shall be delivered out of the Possession of the Cooper, or other Person making the same, be of the Weight and Proportion, and capable of containing the several Quantities of Botter herein-aficr mentioned; (that is to say,) Every Tub shall weigh of itself, including the l of and Bottom, not less than eleven Pounds, and not more than fifteen Pounds Avoirdupois Weight; and neither the Top nor the Bottom of any such Tub shall be more than five eighth Parts of an Inch in Thickness in any Part thereof; and every such Tub shall be capable of containing eighty-four Pounds Avoirdupois Weight of Butter, and not less: Every Firkin shall weigh of itself, including the Top and Bottom, not less than seven Pounds, and not more than eleven Pounds Avoirdupois Weight; and the Top and Bottom of each such Firkin shall not be more than four eighth Parts of an Inch each in Thickness in any Part thereof; and every such Firkin shall be capable of containing fifty-six Pounds Avoirdupois Weight of Butter, and not less: And every Half Firkin shall weigh of itself, including the Top and Bottom thereof, not less than four Pounds, and not more than six Pounds Avoirdupois Weight; and the Top and Bottom thereof shall not be more than three eighth Parts of an Inch each in Thickness in any Part thereof; and every Half Firkin shall be capable of containing twenty-eight Pounds Avoirdupois Weight of Butter, and not less; upon Pain and Penalty that the Cooper, or other Person or Persons who shall make any such Vessel in any Respect contrary to the Dire£hons aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Vessel, so made contrary to the Directions aforesaid, the Sum of ten Shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Cooper, or other Person making a Vessel for packing such

Butter as aforesaid, before suffering any such Vessel to go out of his Possession, (nail, on the Bottom of such Vessel, on the Outside, with an Iron, brand his Christian Name and his Surname at Length, and in permanent and legible Letters, to denote that it is the Mark of the Cooper or Maker of the Vessel, together with the exact Weight or Tare thereof, or in default thereof, for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay, for every such Vessel not marked according to the Directions aforesaid, the Sum of ten Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Dairy Man, Farmer, or Seller of Butter, or other Person who shall pack any Butter for Sale, shall pack the same in Vessels so made and marked as aforesaid, and no other, and shall properly soak and season every Vessel wherein he shall pack any Butter, before the packing thereof; and when such Vessel shall have been so soaked and seasoned, shall on the Bottom thereof, on the Inside, and on the Top of every such Vessel, on the Outside, with an Iron, brand his Christian Name and his Surname at Length, in permanent and legible Letters; and shall also, with an Iron, brand on the Top, on the Outside, ami on the Bouge or Body of every such Vefld, the true Weight or Tare of such empty Vessel, when the same shall have been soaked and seasoned; and shall also, with an Iron, brand his Christian Name and his Surname at Length, in permanent and legible Letters, on the Bougfe or Body of every such Vessel, across two different Staves at lead, to prevent such Staves from being taken out and changed; and also shall distinctly, and at Length, imprint his Christian Name and Surname upon the Fop of the Butter contained in every such Vessel when so filled; upon the Pain and Penalty that every Dairy Man, Farmer, or Seller of Butter, or other Person who shall offend in packing Butter for Sale, in any Vessel not made and marked by the Cooper or Maker thereof as aforesaid, or not soaked and seasoned as aforesaid, or in not branding the Weight of such Vessel, after the same shall be so soaked and seasoned as aforesaid, or in not branding his Christian Name and Surname at Length on every such Vessel as aforesaid, or in not iofprinting his Christian Name and Surname on the Butter packed therein as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Dairy Man, Farmer, or Seller of Butter, or other Person who shall pack any Butter for Sale, shall pack in every Tub, Firkin, and Half Firkin, (exclusive of the

1 are of the Cask or Vessel,)1 the several and respective Quantities of good and merchantable Butter herein-I. 3 A 2 after

361

[Public Act.]

1 j and 14 Car. II. Cap. z6.

and 4 Will, and Mary, Cap. 7. recited.

Regulations for making Vesseli for packing Butter.

r .*1

Penalty of 1 for each Vessel made contrary to the above Dirt ft ions.

Vessels to be brandtd with the Name of the Maker, and the

Weight, on Penalty of 10 s.

Directions for packing of Butter;

Penalty of 5l. for not conforming to them.

Quantities to lx packed in uch

Vessel.

Butter not to be mixed,

nor salted with Great Salt*

Penalty of 5l. for each Offence.

Penalty of 30 L for any Fraud in Sale of Butter, &c.

The full Quantity of Butter to be delivered in Vesseii.

Satisfaction for Default may be recovered witJv Costs.

Penalty of 5 L for re-packing in any Vessel Butter for Sale

again.

Xorei^n Butter maybe repacked in Vessels use*d for British Butter under certain Rcftrkliona.

Penalty of 401. for counterfeiting Names or Marks of Farmers, &c. on Vessels.

Recovery and Application of Penalties not exceeding 5l.

C. 86. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

after mentioned; (that is to say,) in every Tub eighty-four Pounds Avoirdupois Weight net, and not less, (besides the Tare of the Cask,) of good and merchantable Butter; in every Firkin fifty-six Pounds Avoirdupois Weight net, and not less, (besides the Fare of the Cask,) of good and merchantable Butter; and in every Half Firkin twenty-eight Pounds Avoirdupois Weight net, and not less, (besides the Tare of the Cask,) of good and merchantable Butter; and that no Butter which is old or corrupt shall be mixed or packed up into any Tub, Firkin, or Half Firkin whatsoever, with any Butter which is new and found; nor shall any Whey Butter be packed or mixed with any Butter that is made of Cream, but the said respective Sorts of Butter shall be packed up severally and apart by themselves, and shall not be mixed one with another; and every Tub, Firkin, or Half Firkin, of Butter, shall be of one Sort and Goodness throughout such Tub, Firkin, or Half Firkin; and that no Butter shall be salted with any Great Salt, but.all Butter shall be salted and saved with Small fine Salt; nor shall more Salt be intermixed with the Butter than shall be nredfuL for its Preservation; upon Pain and Penalty that every Dairy Man, Farmer, or Seller of Butter, or other such Person as aforesaid, who shall offend, by not putting up in each Tub, Firkin, and Half Firkin, of Butter to be sold, or to be exposed to Sale respectively, such Quantities as aforesaid, or determined by mixing Butter, or falling it contrary to the Directions aforesaid, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of hve Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Change, Alteration, Fraud, or Deceit shall be made, used, or

practised, by any Farmer, Dairy Man, and Seller of Butter, or Fa£Ior for the Sale or buying thereof, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, either in the Vessel wherein Butter shall be packed for Sale as aforesaid, or in the Butter itself therein contained, whether in Quantity, Quality, Weight; or otherwise, or in any of the Brands or Marks directed to be placed on such Vessel as aforesaid, or in any of the Staves whereon such Brands or Marks shall be placed, or in any other Manner howsoever, after the packing of any Butter for Sale in any such Vessel as aforesaid, all and every Person or Persons who shall be concerned in making any such Change, Alteration, or in using or pradhling such Fraud or Deceit, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of thirty Pounds.

VI. And, to the Intent that the Benefit intended by this Act maybe extended with full EftedI to al! Persons who do either cut out Butter by Retail or expend it, be it further enacted, that every Cheesemonger, Dealer in Butter, or other Person or Persons who shall fell to any Person or Persons any Tub or Tubs, Firkin or Firkins, Half Firkin or Half P'irkins of Butter, shall deliver in every such T ub, Firkin, and Half Firkin, the full and due Quantity appointed by this Act, and not less, or in default thereof shall be liable to make Satisfaction to the Person or Persons who shall buy the lame for what shall be wanting, according to the Price for which the same was fold; and shall be liable to an Action on the Cale for Recovery of iucfi Satisfaction, together with Costs of Suit.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Cheesemonger, Dealer in Butter, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall repack for Sale any Butter, in any such Tub, Firkin, 01 Half Firkin as aforesaid, upon Pain and Penalty that every Cheesemonger, or other Person or Persons, who shall repack any Butter into any Tub or Tubs. Firkin or Firkins, or Half Firkin or Half Firkins, to sell the same again, shall for every Tub, Firkin, or Half Firkin, so re-packed, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to make any Cheesemonger, or Dealer in Butter, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, liable to any of the Penalties of this Act, for using any of the Tubs, Firkins, or Half Firkins aforesaid, after the British Butter packed in such Vessels shall have been taken thereout, for the re-packing for Sale of any Foreign Butter, as do and shall, before he, she, or they so repack such Foreign Butter, entirely cut out or efface the several Names of the original Dairy Man, Farmer, or Seller of Butter, from and out of every such-Vessel, leaving the Name and Tare of the Cooper, and he 'Fare of the original Dairy Man, Farmer, or Seller of Butter thereon; and after the Names are so taken out and effaced, do and shall, with an Iron, brand his, her, or their Christian Name and Surname, or Christian Names and Surnames, in Words at Length, and the Words u Foreign Butter1’ in permanent and legible Letters, upon the Bougeor Body of every such Vessel or Vessels, across two Staves at lead, to denote that such Butter is f oreign Butter.

IX. And whereas divers Frauds and Abuses are daily practised in the Sale of Butter, in counterfeiting and forging the Names and Marks of Owners and Farmers, and of particular Dairy Men, upon Vessels wherein Butter is packed :* For preventing thereof in future, be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be hereafter convicted of counterfeiting or forging any of the Names or Marks of any such Owners, Farmers, or Dairy Men as aforesaid, or of causing the same, or any of them, or any Part thereof, to be counterfeited or forged, the Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Offence and Offences committed against, or alleged to be committed against this Act, the Mode of determining which is not herein-before prescribed, and where the Penalty for the Offence shall not exceed the Sum of five Pounds, shall be inquired of, sued for, heard, and determined before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Borough, Town, Liberty, or Division, wherein such Offence shall be committed, or alleged to be committed; and upon Proof thereof, by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, before such Justice or Justices, the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby incurred shall or may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, the Overplus (after deducing the Charges of distraining and Costs) being to be rendered to such Offender; and that such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the Informer or Informers; and that in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith* it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or

15 V. their

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo lex to

C. 86.

Wi, 0- < r ,r

their Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than twenty-eight Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be iooner fully paid and satisfied.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Persons shall be convicted in Manner prefetibed by this Act shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the EJfcdl following; (that is to say,) ’. f ,; ,;r.

10 wit- ®‘his Majesty's justiceorjustices of the Peace for the said County of

Riding or Division of the said County, of----- or, for the City, Liberty, or Town of

4 Cfc shall happen to he] for that the said ft. B. on [Time of committing OffenceJ, at [Place of committing Off fenceJ, did [here Jl ate the Offence against the /Id according to the Fad J, contrary to the Form of the Sta-

tutcin that Case made and provided; and the Laid ---adjudge him or her to pay and forfeit for the said

4 Gifence the Sum of-----. Given under my Hand and Sea), [or our Hands and Seals,] the Day and

4 Year first above mentioned.’ d ’

remembered, That on this

Day of

ft, B, is convicted before

[or, for the

And the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the farpe, so drawn up

Session; and in case any Person or Persons so convicted shall appeal from the Judgment of the said Justice or Justices, to the said General or Quarter Session, the Justices in* such General or Quarter Session are hereby required, upon receiving the said Conviction, drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to proceed to the Hearing and Detc rmination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Ditedlions of this Act*. any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, her* (elf, or th.*mfeive> aggrieved by any Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall at any Time act in pursuance of the Power to him or them given by this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal to the next General or General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place where the (^id Offence shall be committed, or alleged to be committed, and the Justices assembled, presiding at such General or General Quarter Session, are hereby empowered to award Custs to either Party, as to them shall seem meet in respect of such Appeal.

Xilf. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Conviction made, or Judgment given as aforesaid, shall beset aside by the said Court of General or General Quarter Session for Want of Form, if the material Fadls alleged in huh Conviction or Judgment, and on which the same shall be grounded, be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Court; nor shall any such Conviction or Judgment, or any Order or Proceedings of the said Court, be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ any Law or Custom to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act,

as amount to more than the Sum of five Pounds, shall be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster respectively; and that every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Iaft mentioned, shall be to the Use of him, her, or them, who shall inform or sue for the same, withCofts of Suit., 1 ,! *' i-

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance or by colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence in his or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the

licking of Butler in any Pot or other Vessel which shall not be capable of containing more than, fourteen ounds Avoirdupois Weight of Buttcri t \ ,

XVII. Provided always, That every Information, Prosecution, or Suit, which shall be laid or brought for any Offence committed against this Act, shall be commenced within four Months after the Offence

committed.

XVIII. And whereas an Act was made in the ninth Year of King George the First, intituled, ftn Ad

for the better preventing ftbufes committed in weighing and packing of Butter in the City of York: And whereas another Act was made in the seventeenth Year of King George the Second, intituled, ftn ftiI to prevent the committing of ftbifes in the weighing and packing of Butter in the Town and Borough of New Malton, in the County of York: And whereas another Act was made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of i v,.. c. - -a-limlj----- T^ Act to enable Sir William Hamilton,

*15, to make and provide ^jeays, Docks, \ad$ and Avenues thereto respectively,

, / 1 4 within

363

of

as the

Form of Conviction.

Convictions to

be transmitted to the Quarter Sessions, who may determine Appeals.

Appeal may be made to the Quarter Sessions.

Convictions not to be set aside for Want of Form, nor removeable into any Court at Westminster.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties exceeding 5l.

General Issue may be plcadecU

Act not to extend to VclFeU containing not more than 141b.

Limitation of Actions.

Certain AAs recited.

364-

and so much thereof as refers to the recited Act of 13 & 14 Car. II. or as mentions Pots of Butter, repealed.

Act to commence July t, 1796, and Act 13 and 14 Car. II. and Parc of 4 Will, and Mary, to be repealed.

Act not to extend to Scotland.

29 Geo. III. Cap. 57. 31 Geo. III. Cap. 52. and 33 Geo. III. Cap. 3, recited.

From Expiration of the present Session this Act to >>e put in Execution for three Years.

Pawnbrokers allowed to take the following

Hate for Profit.

C. 87.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

within the Manor of Hubberston and PHI, in the County of Pembroke: And whereas all the said three several Acts last mentioned contain a Clause referring to the said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth of Charles the Second, and to the Penalties in the same Act ;* be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the ninth of King George the First, and of the said Act of the seventeenth of King George the Second, and of the said Act of the thirtieth of his present Majesty, respectively, as severally refers to the said Act of-King Charles the Second, and also so much of the same three several Acts respectively as mentions Pots of Butter, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; but the same three several Acts respectively, in other Respeits, shall be and remain as if this Act had not been made.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and begin to be in Force on the first Day of July in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.; and from and immediately after the Commencement of this Act the said Statute of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and also so much of the said Statute of the fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, as discharges any Person from the Effect of any Part of the said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth of King Charles the Second, expressedto be for preventing any Fraud in the Seller of Butter, after the Faitor or Buyer hath contraited for the same, shall be, and the same are and is hereby repealed.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

[14th May 1796.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers, which was to be in Force for one whole Year and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty, first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty was continued for one whole Year and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty- third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign was in Part repealed, and, subject to such Repeal, continued from the Expiration thereof for the further Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign requires some Amendments, Alterations, and Additions; and it would be convenient for the Magistrates, and be- ncficial to the Pawnbrokers and the Public, if the Powers of the said Act, with such Amendments, Al- terations, and Additions as are requisite, were consolidated and reduced into one Act of Parliament, to be in Force for a limited Time May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth, thirty-first, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effeil until the Expiration of the present Session of Parliament; and from and after such Expiration this Act shall commence and take Effect in lieu and instead thereof, and be put in Execution for and during the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That, upon and from the Commencement of this Act, it shall be lawful for all Persons using and exercising the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take, of and from all and every Person and Persons apply ing or offering to redeem any Goods or Chattels pawned or pledged with such Pawnbroker, a Profit after the following Rates, over and above the Principal Sum and Sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the respective Pledge or Pledges, before any such Pawnbroker shall be obliged to re-deliver the same 3 videlicet,

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum not exceeding two Shillings and |six Pence, the Sum of one Halfpenny, for any Time during which the said Pledge shall remain in Pawn, not exceeding one Calendar Month, and the same for every Calendar Month afterwards, including the current Month in which such Pledge shall be redeemed, although such Month shall not be expired:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent the Sum of five Shillings, one Penny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent seven Shillings and six Pence, one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent ten Shillings, two Pence. 1

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent twelve Shillings and six Pence, two Pence Half* penny.

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent fifteen Shillings, three Pence: C

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent seventeen Shillings and six Pence, threepence Halfpenny:

For every Pledy?c upon which there shall have been lent one Pound, four Pence; and so on piogreflively

and in Proportion for any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings: *

F*or every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum of Money exceeding forty Shillings, and not exceeding foity-two Shillings, eight Pence:

S And

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sexto

C. 87.

3 65

And for every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum exceeding forty-two Shillings, and not exceeding ten Pounds, at and after the Rate of three Pence, and no more, for the Loan of every twenty Shillings, for all such Money so lent, by the Calendar Month, including the current Month; and lo in Proportion for any frattional Sum:

Which said several Sums shall be taken in lieu of, and as a full Satisfaction for, all Interest due, and Charges

for Warehouse Room.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any intermediate Sum lent upon any Pawnor Pledge shall exceed the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence, and not exceed the Sum of forty Shillings, the Person lending the same shall and may take, by Way of Profit as aforesaid, at and after the Rate ot four Pence, and no more, for the Loan of twenty Shillings by the Calendar Month, including the current Month as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further emitted, That in all Cases where the Party or Parties entitled to

and applying for the Redemption of Goods pawned, within the Space of seven Days ^seer the Expiration of the first Calendar Month after the same shall have been pledged, he, she, or they shall and may bj at Liberty to redeem the same, without paying any Thing by Way of Profit to the Pawnbroker for the said seven Days, or such Part thereof as shall then have elapsed; and that in all Cases where the Party or Parties so entitled, and applying as aforesaid, after the Expiration of the said first seven Days, and before the Expiration of the first fourteen Days of the second Calendar Month, he, she, or they shall and may be at Liberty to redeem such Goods, upon paying the Profit payable for one Calendar Month, and the Half of another Calendar Month to the Pawnbroker; but that in all Cases where the Party or Parties so entitled, and applying as aforesaid, after, thfc Expiration of the said first fourteen Days, and before the Expiration of the said second Calendar Month, it shall be lawful for the Pawnbroker to demand and take the Profit of the whole second Month; and that the like Regulation and Rtftrittion shall take place and be in Force in every subsequent Calendar Month wherein Application shall be made for redeeming Goods pawned.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who, from and after the Commencement of this Act, shall take, by Way of Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Goods or Chattels, of what Kind (oever the same shall be, and whereon shall be lent any Sum of Money exceeding hve* bnimngs, shall forthwith, and before he, she, or they shall or may advance or lend any Money upon such Pawn or Pledge, enter or cause to be entered, in a fair and regular Manner, in a Book or Books to be kept by him, her, or them for that Purpose, a Description of the Goods or Chattels whicfThe, she, or they shall receive in Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, and also the Sum of Money to be advanced or lent thereon, with the Day of the Month and Year on^hich, and the Nanhe of the Person and Persons by whom, such Goods or Chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and the Name of the Street, and Number of the House, if the same shall tte said to be numbered, where such Person shall abide, and whether such Person or Persons is or are a LoJger in, or the Keeper of such House, by using the Letter L. if a Lodger, and the Letters H. K. if a Housekeeper: and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, according to the Information of

paWnThg, p!edging, or exchanging the same, into all which Circumftinces the Pawnbroker is hereby required to inquire of the Party pawning before any Money shall be lent or advanced, or any Exchange shall take place; and in all Cases where the Money lent on any such Goods or Chatteis shall not exceed the Sum of five Shillings, such Entry shall be made in such Book or Books, by a:I and every such Person and Persons so taking the same by Way of Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange as aforesaid, within four Hours next after the said Goods and Chattels shall have been so pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid; and every such Person shall, at the Time of the taking o( every Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange whatsoever, five to the Person or Persons so pawning, pledging, or exchanging the same, a Note or Memorandum, foirly and legibly written or pruned, or in Part written and in Part printed, containing Therein^ TnTi ke* Manner, a

>escription of the Goods and Chattels which he, she, or they have received in Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, and also the Sum o( Money advanced thereon, with the Day of the Month and Year on which, and the Name and Place of Abode, and Number of the House, if said to be numbered, of the Person or Persons by whom such Goods or Chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and whether such Person is a Lodger or Housekeeper as aforesaid, by using the Letter L. if a Lodger, and the Letters H K. if a Housekeeper, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners thereof, according to the Information aforesaid, and upon which said Note or Memorandum, or on the Back whereof, shall be moreover fairly written or printed the Name and Place of Abode of the Pawnbroker giving the same; which fold Note or Memorandum the Party and Parties pawning, pledging, or exchanging the said Goods or Chattels shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to accept and take in all cases, and the Pawnbroker shall not receive and retain such Pledge, unless the Party pledging, or offering to pledge the same, shall accept and take such Note or Memorandum; and every such Note, where the Sum lent shall be less than five Shillings, shall be delivered grain; and where the Sum lent shall be five shillings or upwards, and Ids than ten Shillings, such Pawnbroker shall and may take one Halfpenny for the same; and where the Sum lent shall be ten Shillings or upwards, and less than twenty Shilling*, such Pawnbroker shall and may take one Penny for the same 5 and where the Sum lent shall be twenty Shillings or upwards, and less than five Pounds, the Sum of two Pence for the same; and where the Sum lent shall be five Pounds or upwards, the Sum of four Pence, and no more, and which Note shall be produced to the Pawnbroker before he or she shall be obliged to re-deliver the respective Goods or Chattels, except as herein after is excepted.

Utit VI. And

Pawnbroker* Races further regulated.

Limiting the Profits lor Part of a Month.

Pawn* to be V

entered in Books.

Pawnbroker* to give a Note dc-fenbing Thing* pawned.

366

The Amount of Profits on Duplicates, m-dorftd on Pledges rc-deemed.

Penalty against unlawfully pawning Goods

Persons forging or counterfeiting Notes.

For puniftung Per suns not giving a good Account of themselves, on offeiing to pawn Goods, Jtc.'

C. 87. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

I t

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Goods or Chattels, pawned or pledged, shall be redeemed, the Pawnbroker of whom the same shall be redeemed shall, at the Time of such Redemption, fairly and legibly write or indorse, or cause to be written or indorsed, upon every Duplicate respecting such Pawn or Pledge, the Amount of the Profit taken by him. or on his Account, on the Money lent upon such Goods or Chattels so redeemed, and shall keep such Duplicate in his Custody for the Space of one Year then next following.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and designedly pawn, pledge, or exchange, or unlawfully dispose of the Goods or Chattels of any other Person or Persons, not being employed or authorized by the Owner or Owners thereof so to do, it shall be lawful for any Justice to grant his Warrant to apprehend any Person so offending, and if he, she, or they shall be thereof convicted by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Person or Persons, charge d with such Offence, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, (which Oath every such Justice or Justices as aforesaid is and are hereby empowered and required to administer,) every such Offender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, and also the full Value of the Goods or Chattels so pawned, pledged, exchanged, or disposed of, such Value to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices; and in case the said Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall commit the Party or Parties so convicted to the House of Correction, or feme other public Prison of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty* Town, or Place, wherein the Offender or Offenders shall resideor be convi£fed, there to remain and be kept to hard Labe ur for a Space not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeitures shall be sooner paid; and if, with n three Days before the Expiration of the said T erm of Commitment, the said Forfeiture shall not be paid, the said Justice or Justices, at his and their Discretion, may order the Person or Persons so convicted to be publicly whipped in the House of Correction or Prison to which the Offender or Offenders shall have been committed, or in some other public Place of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, as to such Justice or Justices shall (eem preper-, and the said respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied towards making Satisfaction thereout to the Party or Parlies injured, and defraying the Costs of the Prosecution, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had; but if the Party or Parties injured shall decline -to accept of such Satisfaction and Costs, or if there shall be any Overplus of the said respective Forfeitures, after making such Satisfaction, and paying such Costs as aforesaid, then such respective Forfeitures, or the Overplus thereof, (as the Case shall happen,) shall be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place for that Purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, forge, or alter, or procure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any such Note or Memorandum as aforesaid, or shall utter, vend, or sell any such Note as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, every such Person shall be punished in Manner herein after mentioned; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Servants or Agents, to whom any Note shall be uttered or offered, which he, she, or they shall have Reason to suspect to have been counterfeited, forged, or altered, to seize and detain such Person or Persons ur* tering or offering the same, and to deliver him, her, or them, as soon as conveniently may be, into the Custody of aConstable, or other Peace Officer, who shall, and is hereby required, as soon as conveniently maybe, to convey such Person or Persons before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be supposed to have been committed; and if upon Examination it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, that the Person or Persons charged with having committed any such Offence is or are guilty thereof, then and in every such Case the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol or House of Corredlioh of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding the Styace of three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons who shall offer, by Way of Pawr^ Pledge, Exchange, or Sale, any Goods or Chattels, shall not be able, or shall refuse to give a satisfactory Account of himself, herself, or themselves, or of the Means by which he, she, or they became possessed of such Goods or Chattels, or shall wilfully give any false Information to the Pawnbroker, or to his or her Servant or Servants, as to whether such Goods or Chattels are his, her, or their own Property or not, or of his or herNanrte and Place of Abode, or the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners of the said Goods or Chattels, or if there shall be any other Reason to suspect that such Goods or Chattels are stolen* or otherwise illegally or clandestinely obtained, or if any Person or Persons, not entitled, nor having any Colour of Title by Law, to redeem Goods or Chattels in Pledge or Pawn, shall attempt or endeavour to redeem the same, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Servants or Agents, to whom such Goods or Chattels shall be so offered, or with whom such Goods or Chattels are in Pledge, to seize and detain such Person or Persons, and the said Goods or Chattels, and to deliver such Person or Persons immediately into the Custody of a Constable er other Peace Officer, who shall and

3$7

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sexto

C

is hereby required, as soon as may be, to convey such Person or Persons, and the said Goods or Chattels /b offered, before Tome Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, 'Riding, Division, City, Liberty, 1 Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be supposed to have been committed: and if such Justice or Justices shall, upon Examination and Enquiry, have Cause to fufpccl that the said Goods or Chattels were llolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or that the Person or Persons offering and endeavouring to redeem the same mail not have any Pretence or Colour of Right to redeem the same, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit such Person or Persons into safe Custody for such reasonable Time as shall be necessary for the obtaining proper Information on the Subject, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the said Examinations, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Juff ice or Justices, that the said Goods or Chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or that the Person or Persons offering or endeavouring to redeem the same*hath or have not any Pretence or Colour of Right so to do, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to commit the Party pr Parties offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to Law, where the Nature of the Offence shall authorize such Commitment by any other Taw; and where the Nature of the Offence shall not authorize such Commitment by any other Law, then such Commitment shall be for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners of any Goods or Chattels unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged, shall make opt, cither on his, her, or their Oath, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, or being one of the People called J-jhuiAtrs, by solemn Affirmation, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their Jurisdidlipn, that such Owner or Owners hath or have had his, her, or their Goods or Chattels unlawfully obtained, or taken from him, her, or them, and that there is just Cause to suspect that any Person or Persons, wffhin the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, hath or have taken to Pawn, or by Way of Pledge, or in Exchange, any Goods or Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and without the Privity or Authority of such Owner or Owners thereof, and shall make appear, to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices, probable Grounds for such the Suspicion of the Owner or Owners thereof, then, and in any such Case, any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their Jurisdiction, may issue his or their Warrant for searching, within the Hours of Business, the House, Warehouse, or other Place of any such Person or Persons who shall be charged on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, as suspected to have received or taken in Pawn, or by Way of Pledge, or in Exchange, any such Goods or Chattels, without the Privity of, or Authority from, the Owner or Owptrs thereof; and if the Occupier or Occupiers of any House, Warehouse, or other Place wherein any such Goods or Chattels shall, on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, be charged or suspected to be, shall, after the Commencement of this Act, on Request made to him, her, or them, to open the same, by any Peace Officer authorized tp search there, by Warrant from a Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, in which such House, Warehouse, or other Place, shall be situate, refuse to open the same, and permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any Peace Officer to break open any such House, Warehouse, or other Place, within the Hours of Business, and to search as he shall think fit therein, for the Goods or Chattels suspected to be there, doing no wilful Damage; and no Pawnbroker, or other Person or Persons, shall oppose or hinder any such Search; and if upon the Search of the House, Warehouse, or other Place, of any such suspected Person or Persons as aforesaid, any of the Goods pr Chattels which shall have been so pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, shall be found, and the Property of the Owner or Owners from whom the lame shall have been unlawfully obtained or taken, shall be made out to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or if any such Witness or Witnesses shall be of the People called Quakers, by solemn Affirmation, or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with any such Offence, any such Justice or Justices shall thereupon cause the Goods and Chattels found on any such Search, and pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, to be forthwith restored to the Owner or Owners thereof,

XI. And whereas Goods and Chattels are often pawned or pledged for securing the Payment of Money

lent thereon, and the Profit thereof, and afterwards the Borrowers, or their Representatives, are defiroire to

repay the same, and the Profit due thereon, and make Lender thereof to the Person or Persons with whom the same are so pawned or pledged; yet they are frequently under great Difficulties to get back the Goods and Chattels so pawned, and are often under a Necessity to commence Suits at Law for the Recovery thereof, to their great Expence For Remedy whereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, if any Goods or Chattels shall be pawned or pledged for securing any Money lent thereon, not exceeding in the Whole the Principal Sum of ten Pounds, and the Profit thereof, and if within one Year after the pawning or pledging thereof, (Proof having been made on Oath cy Affirmation as aforesaid, by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and by producing the Note or Memorandum directed to be given by this Act as aforesaid, before any Justice or Justices, to the Satisfaction of any such justice or Justicts, of the pawning or pledging of any such Goods or Chattels within the said Space of one Year, or one Year and three Months, as the Case may be,) any such Pawner or Pawners, who v/as or were the real Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels at the Time of the pawning or pledging thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall tender unto the Person or Persons who lent, on the Security of the Goods or Chattels pawned, his Executors, Ad mi niff ra tors, or Assigns, the Principal Money borrowed thereon, and Profit according to the Table of Rates by this Actcila-blished, and the Person who took such Goods or Chattels in pawn, his or her Executors, Administrators,

36 Geo. III. 3B or

Where Goods

unlawfully pawned, the Pawnbroker to restore them.

Punlftung the

Pawnbroker who will not deliver up Goods to the Pawner.

368

C. 87.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796

Persons producing Notes or Memorandums deemed the Owners.

Where Notes or

Memorandums

loIt| the Pawnbroker to deliver a Copy*

or Assigns, shall thereupon* without shewing reasonable Cause fbf so doing^to the Satisfaction of such justice or justices, neglect or refuse to deliver back the Goodsor Chattels io pTwned for any Sum or Sums of obey not exceeding the said Principal Sum often Pounds, to the Person or Persons who borrowed the Money thereon, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, then and in any such Case, on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid thereof made by the Pawner or Pawners thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Ad-mi nistrators, or Assigns, or some other credible Perforr, any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Person or Persons who took such Pawn as aforesaid, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall dwell, on the Application of the Borrower or borrowers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, is and are hereby required to cause such Person or Persons who took such Pawn, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, within the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices, tocome before such Justice or Justices, and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to examine on Oath or solemn Affirmation, as the Case may require, the Parties themselves, and such other credible Person or Persons as shall appear before him or them, touching the Premises; and if Tender of the Principal Money due, and all Profit thereof as aforesaid, shall be proved, by Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, to have been made, (such Principal Money not exceeding the said Sum of ten Pounds,) to the Lender or Lenders thereof, his, her, or their Executors, AJrnini-strators, or Assigns, by the Borrower or Borrowers of such Principal Money, his, her, or their Executors* Administrators, or Assigns, within the said Space of one Year, or one Year and three Months, as the Case may be, after the said pawning or pledging of the Goods or Chattels, then on Payment by the Borrower or Borrowers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Principal Money, and the Profit due thereon as aforesaid, to the Lender or Lenders, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and in case the Lender or Lenders, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse to accept thereof, on Tender thereof to him, her, or them, made by the Borrower or Borrowers thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, before any such Justice or Justices, such Justice or Justices shall thereupon, by Order under his or their Hand or Hands, direct the Goods or Chattels so pawned forthwith to be delivered up to the Pawner or Pawners thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and if the Person or Persons who shall have lent any Principal Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of ten Pounds, on any Goods or Chattels pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up or make Satisfaction for the Goods or Chattels which shall be so proved, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, to have been so pawned, as any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid shall order and di-red!, then any such Justice or Justices shall, and is and are hereby authorized and required to commit Party or Parties so refilling to deliver up or make Satisfaction for the same, to the House of Correction, or some other public Prison (or the County, Riding, JJivision, City, Liberty, Fown, or 'lace, wherein the Offender or Offenders shall reside or be convicted, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she, or they shall deliver up the Goods or Chattels so pawned and continuing redeemable as aforesaid, according to the Order of such justice or Justices as aforesaid, or make such Satisfaction or Compensation as such Justice or Justices shall adjudge reasonable, for the Value thereof, to foe Pariy or Parties entitled to the Redemption of such Goods or Chattels so pawned, and continuing redeemable as aforesaid.

XII. And, to prevent any Inconvenience to Persons carrying on the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, from several different Persons claiming a Property in the same Goods or Chattels, be it fuithe enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, any Person or Persons who shall at any Time produce any such Note or Memorandum as aforesaid to the Person or Persons with whom the Goods therein specified were pawned or pledged, as the Owner thereof, or as authorized by the Owner thereof to redeem the same, and require a Delivery of the Goods or Chattels mentioned therein to him, her, or them, such Person or Persons shall be, and is and are hereby deemed and taken to be, so far as respects the Person or Persons having such Goods or Chattels in Pledge, the real Owner and Owners, Proprietor and Proprietors of such Goods and Chattels, and the Person or Persons fu uling the said Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker shall be, and is and are hereby directed and required, after receiving Satisfaction pursuant to the Provisions of this Act1 respecting Principal and Profit, to deliver such Goods and Chattels to the Person or Persons who shall so produce the said Note or Memorandum to him, her, or them, and shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified for so doing, unless he, she, or they shall nave had previous Notice, from the real Owner or Owners thereof, not to deliver the same to the Person or Persons producing such Note, or unless Notice shall have been given to him, her, or them, that the Goods and Chattels pawned have been, or arefufpedted to have been fraudulently or feloniously taken or obtained, and unless the real Owner or Owners thereof proceeds or proceed in Manner herein after provided and directed for the redeeming of Goods and Chattels pledged, where such Note hath been loft, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the Owner or Owners thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Pawnbroker shall have had such previous Notice as aforesaid, or in case any such Note or Memorandum as aforesaid shall be loft, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the Owner or Owners thereof, and the Goods and Chattels mentioned therein shall remain unredeemed, that then and in every such Cale the Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers with whom the said Goods and Chattels were so pledged or exchanged shall, at the Request and Application of any Person or Persons who shall represent himself, herself, or themselves to the Pawnbroker as the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels in Pledge, or exchanged as aforesaid, deliver to such Person or Persons so requesting and applying for the same a Copy of the Note or Memorandum so lost, mislaid,

I

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87.

destroyed, or fraudulently obtained as aforesaid, with the Form of an Affidavit of the particular Circumstances attending the Case, printed or written, or in Part printed and in Part written, on the said Copy, as the same shall be stated to him or her by the Party applying as aforesaid, for which Copy of such Note or Memorandum, and Form of Affidavit, in case the Money lent shall not exceed the Sum of five Shillings, the Pawnbroker shall receive the Sum of one Halfpenny, and in case the Money lent shall exceed the Sum of five Shillings, and not exceed the Sum of ten Shillings, the Pawnbroker shall receive the Sum of one Penny; and in case the Money lent shall exceed the Sum of ten Shillings, the Pawnbroker shall receive the like Sum of Money as he is entitled to receive and take on giving the original Note or Memorandum, such Money to be paid by the Party applying for the same at the Time of making the said Application; and the Person or Persons having so obtained such Copy of the Note or Memorandum, and Form of Affidavit as aforesaid, shall thereupon prove his, her, or their Property in, or Right to, such Goods and Chattels, to the Satisfaction of some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, where the said Goods or Chattels shall have been pledged, pawned, or exchanged, and shall also verify on Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may be, before some Justice of the Peace, the Truth of the particular Circumstances attending the Case mentioned in such Affidavit or Affirmation to be made as aforesaid, the Caption of such Oath or Affirmation to be authenticated by the Hand Writing thereto of the Justice before whom the same shall be made, and who shall and is hereby required so to authenticate the same, whereupon the Pawnbroker shall suffer the Person or Persons proving such Property to the Satisfaction of such Justice as aforesaid, and making such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, on leaving such Copy of the said Note or Memorandum, and the said Affidavit or Affirmation with the said Pawnbroker, to redeem such Gocds or Chattels.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods and Chattels which shall be

pawned or pledged, shall be deemed forfeited, and may be sold at the Expiration of one whole Year, cx-elusive of the Day whereon the Goods and Chattels were so pawned as aforesaid; and that all Goods and Chattels so forfeited, on which any Sum above ten Shillings, and not exceeding ten Pounds, shall have been lent, shall be sold by public Auction, but not otherwise, by the Order of the Person having the same in Pawn, at and after the Expiration of the said Year; but the Person employed to fell such Goods and Chattels by Auction shall, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be exposed to public V iew, and Catalogues thereof to be published, and an Advertisement, giving Notice of such Sale, and containing the Name or Names of the Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers with whom the said Goods or Chattels were in Pledge, to be inserted on two several Days in some public Newspaper, two Days at lead before the first Day of Sale, upon Pain of forfeiting to the Owner or Owners of the said Goods or Chattels, for every Offence in the Premises, the Sum of ten Pounds.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons entitled to redeem Goods or Chattels in Pledge shall, before or upon the Expiration of the said one Year from the Time of pawning the same, give Notice in Writing, or in the Presence of one Witness, to the Person or Persons having the same in Pledge, or leave the same at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, not to sell the same at the End of the said one Year, then and in every such Case such Goods or Chattels shall not be sold or disposed of by the Person or Persons having the same in Pledge until after the Expiration of three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Expiration of the said Year; during which said Term of three Months the Owner or Owners of the said Goods and Chattels shall have Liberty to redeem the same upon the Terms (lipulated and provided by this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons to whom any Goods or Chattels shall have been pawned or pledged shall, from Time to Time, enter in a Book or Books, to be kept by him, her, or them, for that Purpose, a true and just Account of the Sale of all Goods and Chattels pawned to him, her, or them, for upwards of ten Shillings, which shall be sold as aforesaid, expressing the Day when, and the Money for which such Goods or Chattels pawned were fold, together with the Name and Place of Abode of the Auctioneer by whom the same were fold, according to the Information thereof from the Auctioneer; and in case any such Goods or Chattels shall be sold for more than the Principal Money and Profit aforesaid due thereon at the Time of such Sale, the Overplus shall, by every such Pawnbroker, be paid, on Demand, to the Person by whom, or on whose Account, such Goods (r Chattels were pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in case such Demand shall be made within three Years after such Sale, the necessary Costs and Charges of such Sale being first deduced; and such Person or Persons who pawned or pledged such Goods or Chattels, or for whom such Goods or Chattels were so pawned or pledged, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, for his, her, or their Satisfaction in this Matter, be permitted to inspect the Entry to be made as aforesaid of ^very such Sale, paying for fuel) Inspection the Sum of one Penny, and no more; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to permit any such Person or Persons who pawned or pledged such Goods or C hattels, or who is entitled to such Overplus Money, to inspedb such Entry as aforesaid, in any such Book or Books, such Person or Persons, if an Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, or Assignee or Assignees, at such Time producing, his, her, or their Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration or Assignment; or in case the Goods or Chattels were fold for more than the Sun\ entered in any such Book or Books, or if any such Person or Persons shall not make such Entry as aforesaid, or shall not have bona fide, according to the Directions of this Act, fold the same, or shall refuse to pay such Overplus upon Demand to the Pawner or Pawners, Owner or Owners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns. he, she, or they, producing such their Letters Testamenury, Letters of Ad- ministration

Pawned Good* deemed forleit-cd at tire End of a Year.

On Notice from Person* having Goods in Pledge not to fell, three Months further allowed beyond the Year, for Redemption.

Account of Sales to be en. tered by the Pawnbrokers in a Book 3

and Overplus paid 10 the Owster of the Goods pawned or fold.

37°

C. 8 tj%

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Pawnbroker not

to pure haft; Goods whilflt thiy are in lus Custody.

Time for taking in Pawns limited.

Pawnbrokers to place in View she Table of Profits, Sea.

Pawnbrokers Names and B\i-finess to be placed 4over tilt Poor.

Penalty on Pawnbrokers felling Goods before limited Time, or injuring the m.

minift ration or Assignment, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, so? every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, and treble the Sum such Goods and Chattels shall originally have been pawned for, to the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account such Goods or Chattels were pawned, his, her* or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods find Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Person or Persons having any Goods or Chattels in Pledge shall, under any Pretence whatsoever, either by himself or herself, or by any other Person for him or her, purchase any such Goods or Chattels so being in Pledge with hirfi or her, during the Time the same shall remain in his or her Custody as such Pledge, save and except at such public Auction as aforesaid, nor shall suffer the same to be redeemed with a View or Intention to purchase the same; nor shall any such Person, talcing or having any Goods or Chattels in Pledge, make or cause to be made any Contrail or Agreement with any Person or Persons offering to pledge, or pledging the same, or with the Owner or Owners of the Pledge, for the Purchase, Sale, or Disposition of the said Goods and Chattels before the Expiration of one whole Year from the Time of pawning or pledging the same; nor shall any Pawnbroker purchase, or receive, or take, any Goods or Chattels in Pledge, of or froth any Person or Persons who shall appear to be under the Age of twelve Years, or to be intoxicated with Liquor; or purchase, or take in Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, the Note or Memorandum aforesaid of any other Pawnbroker; nor buy any Goods or Chattels in the Course of his, her, or their Trade or Business, before the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, or after the Hour of Seven of the Clock in the Evening, throughout the Year; nor receive or take in Goods or Chattels by UVay of Pawn, Pledge, or in Exchange, before Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, or after Nine of the Clock in the Evening, between Michaelmas Day and Lady Day following, or before Seven of the Clock in the Forenoon, or after Ten of the Clock in the Evening, during the Remainder of the Year, excepting only on the Evenings of Saturday throughout the whole Year and excepting on the Evenings precedin Good Friday and Chtifimas Day; nor shall any Person or Persons exercise or carry ©n the Trade or Bufine of a Pawnbroker on any Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon and from and after the Commencement of this Act, all and every Person and Persons, who shall follow and carry on the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or printed, in large legible Chandlers, the Rate of Profit allowed by this Act to be taken by him, her, or them, and also the various Prices of the Notes or Memorandums to be given by him, her, or them, according to the Rates aforesaid, and an Account of what Notes or Memorandums are to be delivered gratis, and of the Expence of obtaining a second Note or Memorandum, where the former one has been loft, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, and place the same in a conspicuous Part or Parts of the Shop or other Place wherein he, she, or they shall carry on such Trade or Business, so as tobevifible to, and legible by, the Persons pledging Goods and Chattels (landing in the several Boxes or Places provided for such Persons coming to pawn or redeem Goods and Chattels at such Shop.

XIX. And, for the better manifesting by whom the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker shall hereafter' be carried on, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all and every Person or Persons who shall follow or carry on the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or written, in large legible Characters, over the Door of each Shop of other Place by him, her, or them respectively made use of for carrying on that Trade and Business, the Christian and Surname or Names of the Person or Persons so carrying on the said Trade or Business* and the Word u Pawnbroker," or u Pawnbrokers," as the Case may be, following the same, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten Pounds for every Shop or Place which shall be so made use of for the Space of one Week Without having such Name or Names, and the said Word, so painted or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands artd Seals of any two Justices of the Peace acting within the respective County, Riding, Division, City* Town, Liberty, or Place, (which Warrant such Justices are hereby authorized and required to grant,) upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may be; and the said Penalty, when the Charges of recovering the same shall be deduced, shall be paid, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place in which the Offence shall be committed; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required* determined by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the County Gaol, or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless the said Penalty, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, in the Course of any Proceedings be-

fore any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of or under this Act, it shall appear, or be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices, upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, that any of the Goods or Chattels pawned as aforesaid have been fold before the Time allowed by this Act, or otherwise than according to the Directions of this Act, or have been embezzled or loft, or are become, or have been rendered of less Value than the same were at the Time of pawning or pledging thereof, by or through the Default, Ne-gtedt, or wilful Misbehaviour of the Person or Persons to whom the tone were so pledgeffor pawned, his, her,

371

D

796

tricesimo sexto

C. 87.

her, or their Executors* Administrators, or A/signs, Agents or Servants, then and in any such Case it shall be lawful for every such Justice and Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required to allow and award a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels in respetf thereof, or of such Damage; and the Sum or Sums of Mor??y so allowed or awarded, in case the same shall not amount to the Principal and Profit aforesaid, which shall appe-5 to be due to any Person or Persons to whom thef2f^? were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their Executors, AcJm^&rators, or Assigns, shall be deducted out of the said Principal and Profit; and in all Cases where the Goods anu C.b^tds pawned as aforesaid shall have been damaged as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for the Pawner or Pawners, iiiS, her, or their Executors, Admifiistrators, or Assigns, to pay or tender the Money due upon the Balance, after deuuf^hig out of the Principal and Profit as aforesaid for the Goods or Chattels pawned, such reasonable Satisfaction, ii» r«dpe& to such Damage, as any such Justice or Justices'shall order or award, and upon so doing the Justice or Jul-tices shall proceed as if the Pawner or Pawners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators. or Assigns, had paid or tendered the whole Money due for the Principal and Profit aforesaid; and if the Satisfaction to be allowed and awarded to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels shall be equal to, or exceed the Principal and Profit aforesaid, then and in such Case the Person or Persons to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall deliver the Goods or Chattels so pledged to the Owner or Owners thereof, without being paid any Thing for Principal or Profit in respect thereof, and shall also pay such Excess, if any, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made to him on the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, where any Information shall be laid against any Pawnbroker for having offended against this Act, or respecting any Dispute between any Pawnbroker and Person having pawned Goods, or the Owner or Owners of Goods pawned, or respecting any Felony or other Matter, or on any other Occasion whatsoever, which, in the Judgment of any Justice or Justices, shall make the Production of any Book, Note, Voucher, Memorandum, Duplicate, or other Paper, necessary, which shall or ought to be in the Hands, Custody, or Power of any Pawnbroker, to summon such Pawnbroker before him, to attend, with all and every or any Book, Note, Voucher, Memorandum, Duplicate, or Paper, which he or she may or ought to have in his or her Custody or power relating to the same, which he or she is hereby required to produce before such Justice or Justices in the State the same was or were made at the Time the Pawn or Pledge was received, without any Alteration, Erafement, or Obliteration whatsoever; and in case such Pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to attend, or to produce the same in its true and perfect State, such Pawnbroker shall, in case he or she doth not shew good Cause for such Neglect or R^fufal, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, for the Use, and to be levied in the Manner herein after mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Pawnbroker shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, in any wise offend against this Act, every such Pawnbroker shall, for every such Offence in neglecting to make or^pause to be made in a fair and regular Manner in such Book or Books as aforesaid, any such Entry as is required to be made by him, her, or them, by this Act, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; and for every other Offence against this Act, where no Forfeiture or Penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or specific Offence against any Part of this Act, the Sum of five Pounds; and that all Forfeitures incurred by any Offence committed against this Act shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division. City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices to award to the Party complaining, out of the said Penalty, the Sum of two Pounds and ten Shillings, and the Remainder of the aforesaid Penalty or Penalties, not otherwise disposed of and applied by this Act, to be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place for that.

Purpose.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to any Prosecution or Information before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Offences within twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence committed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Place where any Offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any Pawnbroker against this Act, or some or one of such Officers, at the Discretion or Direction of any Justice of the Peace, on having Notice from such Justice of the Peace of such Offence being supposed to have been committed, shall, and they, or some or one of them, to be nominated by such Justice as aforesaid, are and is

roc

for the Time being, such Officers or Officer.

hereby required to prosecute every Offender for every Offence so to be suggested by such Justice to have been committed against this Act, at the Expence of the respe<Stive Parish whereof they or he are, is, or shall be,.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall lend Money to any Person or Persons whomsoever upon Pawn or Pledge at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest, without taking any further or

greater Profit for the Loan or Forbearance of such Money lent, on any Pretence whatsoever.

Pawnbroker! produce their Books whenne-

ctssary.

Penalty on Pawnbrokers offending against this Act.

Limiting tha Time of Prosecution or Information.

Churchwardens, Sc c. to prosecute, &c.

A Cl not to extend to Person! lending Money at 5l. per Cent, without further

Profit*.

I

If4.

7

372

C. 87.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

The Act to extend to Execu tors, &c. of Pawnbrokers.

[General Issue.]

Inhabitants of any Place where Offences committed deemed competent W itndfes.

XXVI. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Provisoes, Regula-" tiens, and Clauses contained in this present Act shall, from and after the End of this present Session of

Parliament, extend to and include the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of all and every deceased Pawnbroker, in the same Manner as the same extend to and include the Pawnbroker when living, faveand except that no such Executor or Administrator of any such deceased Pawnbroker shall be answerable far any Penalty or Forfeiture personally, or to be paid out of his, her, or their own Monies or Estate, unless the same shall be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own Act or Neglect.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him, her, or them, done or executed in pursuance of this Act. or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his, her, or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shallpafs for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions, Suits, Informations, Trials, and other Proceedings, in pursuance of this Act, or in Relation to any Matter or Thing herein contained, any Inhabitant of the Parish, Town, or Place, in which any Offence or Offences shall be committed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and shall be deemed competent Witnesses, notwithstanding his, her, or their being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the Parish, Town, or Place wherein any such Offence or Offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted, in Manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

Form of Con-

‘Viftion.

*. 5 RE it remembered, That o

to Wit. j D Rdgn? A B js conyiaed

on this before

Day of

in the

Year of his Majesty's

of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

Riding or Division of the said County of-----$r, for the City,

-v as the Case shall happen to be] for-----and the said-----do adjudge him

[or, her] to pay and forfeit for the same, the Sum of - Given under----- the -----Day and

said County of

Liberty, or Town of

[or, for the

Year aforesaid.’.

Appeal

Continuance of this Act.

And the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same, so drawn up in the Form or to the Effect aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment* and transmitted to the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Hace, wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or Quarter Session; and in case any Person or Persons so convicted shall appeal from the Judgment of the said Justice or Justices to the said General or Quarter Session, the Justices in such General or Quarter Session are hereby required, upon receiving the said Conviction, drawn up in the Form or to the Effect aforesaid, to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal at such next Sessions, and not afterwards, according to the Directions of this Act, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon, in pursuance of this Act.

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act, shall think him or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom he or file shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal to the Justices at the General or Quarter Section of the Peace which shall be held for the Civility, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Judgment shall have been given, and that the Execution of the said Judgment shall in such Case be suspended, ehe Person so convicted entering into a Recognizance. at the Time of such Conviction. with two sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which such Penonshall have been adjudged to pay'or forfeif upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices in their said next General or Quarter Section, and to pay such Coils as the said Justices in such Session shall award on such Occasion, which RecognizanceYhetaid Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or Quarter Session are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Coils as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party: and if, upon the Hearing of the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justice or J uTlTcesDelbre whom the Appellant (bill have been convicted shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall immediately pay the Sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such Costs as the Justices in the said General or Quarter Session shall award to be paid for defraying the Expences sustained by the Defendant or Defendants in such Appeal, or in Default of making such Payment shall suffer the respective Pains and Penalties by this Act inflicted upon Persons respectively who shall neglect to pay, or shall not pay the respective Sums or Forfeitures by this Act to be paid by or imposed upon Persons respectively who shall be convicted by virtue of this Act.

XXXI. Andfie it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in Force for three whole Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

1

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially

pleaded. J;

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to regulate the Buying and Selling of Hay and Straw; and for repealing so much of two Acts made in the iecond Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary> and in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the Buying and Selling of Hay and Straw, within the Limits therein mentioned. V.-

[14th May 1796.}

WHEREAS many and great Abuses are committed by Salesmen, and other Persons felling Hay and 1 Straw in the City of London and within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places within the Vicinity thereof: And whereas the Laws now in being are not sufficient to prevent the same for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Gut Pariftoes in the County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of Southwark, and other Places within the Wek y Bills of Mortality, in the County of Surrey, and/or regulatwtbe Markets therein mentioned; and also lo much of an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to afiertain the Weight of /ruffes of Straw, and to punish Dealt in the Sale of Hay and Stra u in /ruffes, in London, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within the uiftance of thirty Mdes thereof; and to prevent Common Salesmen of Hay and Straw from buying the jameon their own Account, to fell again; and also to restrain Salesmen, Brokers, or Faflors in Cattle, from buying on their own Account, to Jell again, any live Cattle in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, orwhich are driving up thereto, as relates to Hay and Straw, shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Hay or Straw whatever shall be fold in any Market or Place within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Weekly Bdlsof Mortality, or within thirty Miles thereof, other than what is made up in Bundles or Trufies; and if any Perl'011 shall fell any Hay or Straw, other than whar is made up in Bundles or Trufies, within the Cities or Lamits aforesaid, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof, shall for every such ()stence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That each and every Bundle or Trufsof Hay fold in any Market or Place within the Cities or Limits af iresaid, between the lad i ay of August in any Year and the first Day of June in the succeeding Year, shall contain and he of the tull Wt ight of fifty-six Pounds at lead; and that every Bundle or Truss of Hay fold within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, between the fird Day of June and the iaft Day of August in any Year, being new Hay, of the Summer’s Growth of that Year, shall be and contain the lulTWeignt of sixty Pounds, and being old Hay of any former Year’s Growth, the Weight of fifty-six Pounds as aforesaid; and that each and every Bundle or Truss of Straw fold within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, shall contain and be of the full Weight of thirty-six Pounds; and that every I^oad of Hay Or Straw shall contain thirty six Bundles or Trufies; and if any Hay shall be fold within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, whereof any Bundle or Truss shall be of less Weight than aforesaid, every Person so felling shall forfeit for every such Truss or Bundle of Hay, not being the full Weight aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of five Shillings, nor less than two Shillings and Sixpence, and for every such Truss or Bundle of Straw the Sum of one Shilling: Provided always, that no Person shall be convicted in the Penalty aforesaid, for felling any Bundle or Truss of Hay or Straw deficient in Weight as aforesaid, where a Load or any other or less Quantity is sold at the same Time to the same Person, if the Number of Bundies or Trufies

foiold shall amount upon the Whole to the Average Weight required as aforesaid.

* if the Whole amount to the

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall fell, within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, between the first Day of June and the lall Day of December in any Year, any Hay of the Growth of that Year, as or for Hay of the Growth of any former Year, shall forfeit and pay for each and every Bundle or Truss of Hay so fold, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence.

V. And be it further enacted, That each and every Load, Bundle, or Trufsof Hay or Straw, which shall be fold in the Cities or Limits aforesaid, shall be made up with such Hay or Straw only as the same appears to be by the Outside of every such Load, Bundle, or Truss; and that such Hay or Straw only, and not any inferior Hay or Straw', shall be deemed and taken to be the Hay or Straw which is to make up the Weight

\ every Bundle or Truss; and every Person who shall fell wnhin the Cities or Limits aforesaid any Load, indie, or Truss of Hay or Straw, which shall in the Inside thereof be of inferior Goodness from what the utfide shall appear to be, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Shillings, nor less than two ulin's and Sixpence, for every such Bundle or Truss of Hay, and the bum of one Shilling for every such die or Truss of Straw.

VI. And be it turner enacted, That the Pair of Bands with which any Bundle or Truss of Hay shall be bound shall not exceed the Weight of five Pounds, upon Pain that every Person who shall fell any Bundle

-. or

373

[Public Act.]

So much of 2. W»ll and Mary, Self. 2. Cap. S.

f f

and of 31 Geo. II. Cap. 40. as relates to Hay and Straw, repealed from 24th June 1796.

No Hay or Straw to be sold within certain Limits, except in TruflTes, on Penalty of 20

Weight of TrulTcs.

Penalty for felling Trufies fiiort of Weight,

but not to extend to a deft cient Truss of a Quantity (old to the same Person, Average Weight.

Penalty for felling new for old Hay.

Hay or Straw to be of one Quality.

Penalty for felling it mixed.

Penalty for felling Hay with £and» exceeding 51b, Weight*

374

C. 89.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Penalty on Persons binding Hay or Straw in

light Tru/Tcs.

Penalty on Salesmen buying and selling, on their own Account, Hay or Straw, or Grass for Hay.

Sale (men within seven Days to send to the Owner an Account of the Place, Time, and Price of Hay or Straw fold, and of the Purchaser, on Penalty.

or Truss of Hay with Bands of a greater Weight, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one Shilling, and also the further Sum of one Shilling for each and every Pound Weight that every such Pair of Bands shall weigh over and above the Weight of five Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person employed to bind Hay or Straw, shall not bind up and make the same into Bundles or Trusses of such Weight as is directed by this Adf, every Person fooffending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Sixpence for every Bundle or Truss of Hay or Straw not being of such Weight.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Common Salesman, Factor, or Agent, within the Cities or

Limits aforesaid, shall buy and sell, on his own Account, or of any Person or Persons in Trust for him, any Hay or Straw whatsoever, cr any Grass of any Kind or Description, growing or making into Hay, on Pain of forfeiting for each and every fifty-six Pounds Weight of Hay so bought and sold five Shillings, and for each and every thirty-six Pounds Weight of Straw so bought and sold two Shillings; and also for each and every Acre of such Grass growing or making into Hay, so bought and sold, a Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than fi(ty Shillings. '

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Common Salesman, Factor, or Agent, for the Sale of Hay

or Straw, within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, shall, within seven Days next after the Sale of every Load or other Quantity of Hay or Straw, send to the Person or Persons on whose Account the same shall have been fold, a just and true Account under his Hand, of the Place where, Time when, and the Price for which the same was fold, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Purchasers thereof, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Omission a Sum of Money not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings. ‘

A Register to be kept in Markets for entering Sales of Hay and Straw, which shall be open for In-fyettion.

Penalty for not making due, or making untrue Entry, or for refuting Inspec--tien of Register.

Att not to extend to I lay or Straw delivered on special Contrail.

Penalty on Clerk or Tell Gathererbuying *cr felling Hay or ^traw.

"Scales anil

*Weights to be

kept at the Clerk of the Market’s Office, and at ttie Parish Watch House.

Hay Weighers#

X. And be it further enacted, That in every Market for the Sale of Hay or Straw within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, there shall be kept a public Book or Register for entering and registering therein an Account of all Hay and Straw which shall be, from Time to Time, fold in any such Market; and that in and for the City of London, such Book or Register shall be kept by the Clerk or Toll Gatherer for the d ime being, appointed by the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens in the said City; and that in and for every other such Market within the City of IVrftmirifter and Limits aforesaid, such Book or Regi firr shall be kept by the Clerk or l oll Gatherer appointed within their several Jurisdictions, and that before Six of the Clock in the Evening on the Day of the Sale of any Hay or Straw, exceeding tour Trusses in one Quai> tity, within the Cities or Limits aforesaid in any Market, and within seven Days after any such Sale in the said Cities and Limits out of any Market, there shall be made by the Seller thereof, a true and faithful Entry in the Book or Register of the Market in which such Hay or Straw shall be fold, or where the same shall be fold out of any Market, in the Book or Register of the Market nearest to the Place of Sale, distinguishing the true Names and Places of Abode of the Persons so felling, and for whom fold, and t>y whom and on whose Account the same shall have been bought, and the Place where fold, and the true Price paid or agreed to be paid for the same, which Entry shall be subscribed by each Seller of Hay or Straw, for which Entry shall be paid to the Keeper of the Book or Register the Sum of one Penny; and that every such Book or Register shall be kept at some convenient Place in every such Market for the Sale of Hay and Straw within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, and shall at all Times between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in Morning, <md Six of the Clock in the Evening of each and every Day [Sunday excepted) be open for the Inspection of every Person applying to inspect the same, paying for every such Inspection the Sum of one Penny; and in case any Seller of Hay or Straw shall omit to make the proper Entry required by this Act, or the Keeper of any Book or Register for the Purpos s aforesaid, shall knowingly (lifter any untrue Entry to be made or signed therein, or shall refuse to permit such Book or Register to be inspected by any Person applying, and tendering Payment of the Fee for such Inspection, every such Seller of Hay or Straw, or Keeper of such Book or Register, so offending, shall, on Conviction for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum of Money i>ot exceeding five Pounds, norless than ten Shillings.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall oblige any Person to register any Hay or Straw which he shall deliver in the Cities or Limits aforesaid, on special Contractor Agreement, but such Hay and Straw only which shall be fenc to any Market or Place within the said Cities and Limits to be there fold, and which shall be accordingly there fold, shall be registered as before is directed; any Thing in this Act before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Clerk or Toll Gatherer, or his Deputy, within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, shall buy or (ell, or be concerned in the buying or selling of Hay or Straw within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, under thi. Penalty of two Shillings and Sixpence for every Bundleor Truss of Hay so bought or sold by him, or in the buying or selling of which he shall be so concerned, and of one Shilling for every such Bundle or Truss of Straw.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided by every Clerk or Toll Gatherer wit the Cities or Limits aforesaid, and kept at the Office of the Clerk of every Hay Market within the Cities or Limits, as also at the Watch House of each and every Parish within the Limits there©!, by Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parishes respectively, proper Scales and Weights, or Engines lor weighing all Hay rnd Straw which shall be required to be weighed; and such Clerk or Toll Gatherer of Hay Market, or his Deputy, and the Constable or Headborough of the Parish or Place where such Seal Weights, and Engines shall be kept, are hereby appointed Hay Weighers within their respective Parishc

15 and

A.D. 1796 Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88. 375

and if any Doubt shall at any Time arise, whether any Hay or Straw fold in the Cities or Li-

it shall be lawful for the Buyer thereof, his

and Places;

mits aforesaid is not of the Weight the same ought to be, then

Servant or Agent, on the Delivery of any such Hay or Straw at the Abode, Yard, or Left of the Buyer, or other Place where the same shall be agreed by the Seller to be delivered, to cause the same to be weighed in the Presence of the Seller, or his Servant or Agent; and if, on the same being so weighed, the Buyer or Seller of any such Hay or Straw, his Servant or Agent, shall be dissatisfied with any such weighing, it shall be lawful for any such Buyer, his Servant or Agent, if the Hay be delivered within a Parish where there is any Hay Market, with all convenient Speed, to apply to the Clerk or Toll Gatherer, or his Deputy, of such Market, and ifthfc Hay be delivered in any other Parish within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, to apply to the Hay Weigher neareif to the Place where any such Hay or Straw shall be delivered to weigh the same, and on any such Application being made, such Clerk or l oll Gatherer, or his Deputy, or other I lay Weigher who shall be applied to, shall with all convenient Speed come to the Place where such Hay or Straw shall be within the Limits aforesaid, and shall there weigh such Hay or Straw as shall be complained of, and the Weight thereof, which shall be ascertained by any such Clerk or Toll Gatherer, or his Deputy, or other Hay Weigher, shall be conclusive to all Parties; but in case the Clerk or Toll Gatherer of any Market, or his Deputy, shall not, upon such Application as aforesaid, come with all convenient Speed to the Place where such Hay or Straw shall be delivered, it shall be lawful for the Buyer, his Servant or Agent, to apply for the Purposes aforeflvd to such other Hay Weigher as shall be nearest to the Place where any such Hay or Straw shall be delivered; and the Person who shall require any such Clerk, Toll Gatherer, or his Deputy, or other Hay Weigher, to attend and weigh any such Hay or Straw, shall pay or tender to such Hay Weigher the Sum of three Shillings for a Load, or in proportion for a greater or less Quantity, before he shall be obliged to go to weigh any such Hay or Straw, and if the Hay or Straw which shall be so weighed shall not be of the due Weight the same ought to be, then the Sum (o paid shall be forthwith repaid to him by the Seller of such Hay or Straw; and if any Clerk or Toll Gatherer, Churchwarden or Overseer, within the Limits aforesaid, shall omit to provide and keep proper Scales and Weights, or Engines, for the weighing of Hay or Straw, or if any Clerk, Toll Gatherer, or his Deputy, or other Hay Weigher, shall neglebfc or refuse to weigh any Hay or Straw when required, at any seasonable Time in the Day Time, and so as the Sum aforesaid shall have been paid or tendered, every such Person offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than ten Shillings.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall incur any Penalty for felling any Hay or Siraw of less Weight or worse Quality than the same ought to be, unless such Hay or Straw shall be weighed cither at or before the Delivery, with the Privity of the Buyer, his Servant or Agent, or complained of in respect of the Quality thereof at the Time and Place at which the same shall be agreed to be delivered by the Seller, in the Presence of such Seller, his Servant or Agent, unless such Seller, his Servant or Agent, on Request made, or on Notice given to him or them to attend to fee such Hay or Straw so weighed, shall refuse or neglect to attend to lee the same so weighed j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Markets for Sale of Hay and Straw, within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, shall End at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Market Day between Lady Day and Michaelmas, and at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Market Day between Michaelmas and Lady Day, and that Notices thereof shall be given by the Clerk or T oil Gatherer, or his Deputy, in the fe-verul Markets or Places for the Sale of Hay and Straw within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, by ringing on the usual Market Days a large Hand Bell round each respective Market or Place for the Sale of Hay or Straw, one Hour before the Expiration of the Times above-mentioned, ajid again at the Expiration of the Hours above-mentioned, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence a Sum of Money not exceeding ten Shillings, nor less than five Shillings; and every Person who shall fell any Hay or Straw in any Market within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, after the Hours aforesaid, shall forfeit for every Bundle or Trufsof Hay (b fold the Sum of Sixpence, and for every Bundle or Truss of Straw so fold the Sum of three Pence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person having the Care or Direction of any Waggon, Wain,

or Cart, uled for the Purpose of bringing Hay or Straw, shall suffer the same to remain in any Market or Place for the Sale of Hay and Straw, within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, on the usual Market Days from Lady Day to Michaelmas, after Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, and from Michaelmas to Lady Day after 1'hree of the Clock in the Afternoon, in any Year, every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, so left as aforesaid, a Sum of Money not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person having the Care or Direction of any Waggon, Wain, or Cart, in any Market or Place for the Sale of Hay or Straw within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, shall permit or suffer the Horseor Horses drawing the same to feed and remain in any such Market or Place for the Space ot fifteen Minutes, during the Hours allowed for Sale of Hay or Straw, under any Pretence whatsoever, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding twenty Shilling-, nor less than five Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person whatsoever shall buy and sell again any Hay or Straw, that shall or may be conveying by Land or Water Carriage for the Purpose of felling within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, and that every Person so offending shall forfeit for every Trufsof Hay or Straw so bought and (old the Sum of five Shillings; and no Person shall buy any Hay or Straw in any Market or Place (or the Sale of Hay or Straw, for the Purpose of felling again in any such Market or other Place within tnc

36 GEO. III. 3C Cities

Buyer of Hay

or Straw may cause it to be weighed on Delivery.

Directions for weighing it in case of IXftal.ffad ion.

Penalty for rot providing Scales and Weights, or for neglecting to weigh Hay or Straw.

No Penalty to be incurred for felling Hay or Straw, not Weight, or of bad Qual.ty, unless weighed at or befc-re Delivery, &c.

Hours at which Marke.s shall end, of which Notice shall be given by ringing a Bell, on Penalty.

Penalty for felling alter Market Hours.

Penalty for let* ting Hay Carts rurnain in Hay Markets after certain Hours*

Penalty for permitting Horses drawing Hay of Straw to remain in a Marktt 15 Minutes dtinng Market Hours.

Penalty for buy.ng ..nd felling agam Hay or Straw, conveying to be sold within the Limits of the

376

C. 88.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Act, or buying in a Market Place to lc!l it again therein.

Penalty for charging more than actually paid.

Penalty for delivering other than the Commodity fold.

Penalty for fraudulently increasing Weight.

Penalty for delivering id's than the Num b-.r of TruflVs Told.

w m

Penalty for not bunging r Hay or Straw, exposed and not fcld, to the Market Place on the ensuing Market Day, &c.

Penalty for giving or receiving false Receipts of the Price of Hay or Straw ioid.

limitation of Pfcfccu lions.

Cities or Limits aforesaid; and every Person so offending shall, for every Truss of Hay or Straw so bought, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings: Provided always, that no Person felling Hay or Straw by Retail at their own Prem ies, in any less Quantity than five Trufies as aforesaid, shall be liable to such last mentioned Penalty.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person within the Cities or Limits aforesaid shall, after having purchufed for, or sent in or delivered to any Person, by whom or on whose Account he may have been so employed to purchase any Hay or Straw, charge or demand a greater Price than what was really and truly paid or -agreed to be paid for any such Hay or Straw, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for every Bundle or Truss of Hay or Straw so purchased, sent in, or delivered

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall fell any Quantity of Hay or Straw within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, and shall afterwards fend in or deliver, or tender to the Buyer thereof, as and for the Hay or Straw so fold, any other Hay cr Straw in Part or m Whole, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Bundle or Truss of Hay, and the Sum of five Shillings for every Bundle or Truss of Straw lo sent in, delivered, or tendered as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and fraudulently mix or put, or cause to be mixed or put, any Water, or any Sand, Earth, or any other Matter or T hing, in any Bundle or Truss of Hay or Straw, with an Intent to increase the Weight thereof, and shall afterwards fell, fend in, and deliver the same, or any Part thereof, within the Cities or Limits aforesaid; or if any Person shall fell any Quantity of Hay or Straw, within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, and shall afterwards mix or put, or cause to be mixed or put, in the Bundles or Truffes of such Hay or Straw, Water, Sand* Earth, or any other Matter or Thing, with an Intent to increase the Weight thereof, or any Part thereof, and shall afterwards fend in, or deliver, or tender to the Buyer thereof, any such Hay or Straw, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Bundle or Truss of Hay, and the Sum of five Shillings for every Bundle or Truss of Straw so sent in, delivered, or tendered as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person felling any Hay or Straw, in any Market or Place within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, shall deliver to, or tender to or for, or on Account of, the Buyer thereof, a less Number of Bundles and Truffes of Hay or Straw, as or for the true Number bought and sold, or if the Driver of the Waggon, Wain, or Cart, in which such Hay or Straw shall be, for the Purpose of being delivered according to such Sale, shall secrete, keep back, or withhold, any Part of the said Hay or Straw, or shall deliver a less Number of Bundles or Truffes to the Buyer, such Driver or Person felling, knowing the same so delivered not to be the true Number bought, or which ought to be delivered according to such Sale, every Driver or Person felling so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every Bundle or Truss of Hay or Straw so secreted, kept back, withheld, or not delivered \ and in Default of immediate Payment of any such Penalty by any such Driver, on Conviction before any Justice of the Peace in whose Jurisdiction the Offence shall have been committed, such Driver or Person (elling shall be forthwith sent, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to the House of Correction, or other Prison within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, unless the said Penalty should be sooner paid; any Thing herein after contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, after having brought or received any Hay or Straw for Sale, or exposed any Hay or Straw to Sale on a Market Day, in any Market or Place for Sale of Hay or Straw within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, which shall not be loid, shall thereupon lodge the same in any Place near to such Market or Place as aforesaid, and shall not, if the same be not before that Time fold, bring and expose the said Hay or Straw for Sale in such Market or Place, by Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of the next ensuing Market Day, or if any Person lodging any Hay or Straw as aforesaid, which shall be brought to any Place for the Purpose of Sale on a Bye Day or a Day between the usual Market Days, shall not, if the same be not before that Time fold, bring and expose all such Hay or Straw for Sale in such Market near to where the same was lodged, on the following Market Day by the same Hour as aforesaid, or as soon after as the Weather will permit without endangering the spoiling or injuring the same, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have been concerned in buying or selling any Hay or Straw within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, shall give, take, or receive, any false or untrue Receipt, Ticket, or Memorandum, of the Price of any Hay or Straw so fold or bought as aforesaid, expressave of a greater or less Price than what the same was really and truly fold for or bought, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, upon Complaint being made to any Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction the Offence shall have been committed, at any Time within lix Calendar Months after such Offence committed, any Thing herein after contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that if any Person offending in either of the Cases aforesaid (hal), within the said Space of iix Calendar Months, give Information of and prosecute to Conviction any other Person so offending, such Informer shall be indemnified from the Penalty herein-before mentioned.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be prosecuted for any of the before-mentioned Offences, except where it has been or shall be herein otherwise expreded, unless Information

1 of

377

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88.

of any such Offence be giv'en to the proper Magistrate, within fourteen Days next after the Commission of such Offence. '

XXVI. And, for the more speedy Recovery of all and every Forfeiture which shall be incurred under this Act, and for thedifpofing thereof, be it further enacted, That on Complaint or Information being made to any Justice of the Peace of any Offence committed against this Act within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, such Justice is hereby required and authorized to summon the Person or Persons charged with any such Offence, and also any Witness or Witnesses for the same, at a certain Time and Place in such Summons to be^specified, and in Default of Appearance of the Party so summoned, on its being made appear to the said Justice upon Oath, that such Summons was duly served upon or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Party summoned, then every such Justice is hereby authorized and required to proceed to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint, by the Oath or Oaths of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and to convict the respective Offender, and to award and adjudge the respective Penalties imposed by this Act to be paid by such Offender, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, to be ascertained and allowed by such Justice, and by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to cause the same to be levied by Distrdsand Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, unless within five Days from the Day of making such Distress, the Party or Parties offending shall pay the Penalty and Costs to be incurred in such Warrant, and likewise the Costs and Charges of tuch Distress, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the said Offender; and if any Offender against this Act shall not have any Goods or Chattels within the Jurisdiction of such Justice whereon such Levy can be made, such Justice, before whom such Conviction shall be had, is hereby empowered and authorized to ifllie his Warrant for apprehending such Offender; and in case such Offender shall escape or go out of the Jurisdiction of such Justice, it shall and may be lawful for any other JusticC of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offender shall be found, by Indorsement of such Warrant, to authorize the Execution thereof within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, as well as to convey the Offender before the Justice who granted such Warrant, who may commit him to some public Prison or House of Correction of the County or Place in which such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, from the Time of every such Commitment, unless in Cases otherwise provided for by this Act, and unless such Offender shall sooner pay the Sum to be mentioned on every such Warrant of Commitment; and in all Cases where any Person shall be brought as a Witness touching any Matter contained in this Act, by any Summons or Warrant, before any Justice, and shall refuse to be examined, such Justice may commit any such Person to some Prison of the County or Place within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days from the Time of every such Commitment.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as it shall happen that any Salesman or Salesmen shall in Manner aforesaid be convicted of any Offence against this Act, and thereby become subject to the Payment of any of the Penalties before mentioned, it shall be lawful for any such Salesman to exhibit his Complaint or Information against the Farmer or other Person for whom or on whose Account he shall have fold the Hay or Straw, (on account of which such Salesman or Salesmen shall have been so convicted,) before some Justice of the Peace within the Jurisdiction in which such Hay or Straw shall have been so fold; and such Justice is hereby required to summon such Farmer or other Person, and also any Witness or Witnesses, to appear before him the said Justice, on a Day to be appointed and named in the said Summons, (not less than seven Days after the iflliing of such Summons,) although such Farmer or other Person against whom such Information shall belaid, may happen to reside out of the County, City, Borough, Division, or Liberty, in which such Hay or Straw may have been so fold; and on its being made appear to the said Justice on Oath, that such Summons was duly served upon, or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Party summoned, then every such Justice is hereby authorized and required to proceed to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint or Information, in like Manner as is herein-before provided and directed, for hearing of Complaints against Salesmen; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice that such Salesman shall not have been guilty of or privy to any Fraud or Deceit in the Premises, but that such Fraud or Deceit was imputable to such Farmer or other Person so complained against as aforesaid, Then such Justice is hereby authorized and required to award to such Salesman the Amount of the Penalty so by him paid as aforesaid, together with full Costs and Charges, as well those occasioned by the Complaint against him, as by such subsequent Complaint against such Farmer or other Person; such Costs and Charges to be first ascertained and allowed by such Justice, and to adjudge the said Farmer or other Person, the Owner of the said Hay or Straw, to pay the same; and the said Justice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the same to be levied in like Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever the Party against whom such Warrant of Distress shall be granted, shall happen to refute in another County, City, Borough, Division, or Liberty, out of the Jurisdiction of such Justice, that then, and in such Case, such Warrant shall not be executed or put in force until after it shall be endorsed by some Justice of the County, City, Borough, Division, or Liberty, to which such Summons shall be directed; and all and every the Justice and Justices of such County,

% City, Borough, Division, or Liberty, are hereby required to endorse the same, on due Proof of the Hand Writing of the Justice by whom such Warrant was issued, and such Warrant, when so endorsed, shall and may be executed in like Manner as if the same had been originally granted by a Justice of that City, Borough, Division, or Liberty, in which such Farmer or other Person shall reside: Provided nevertheless, that

3 C z every

Recovery of

Forfeitures.

Offenders may be committed for Want of.-DiflrcU.

Witr.t fits re-(tiling to be examined may be committed.

Salesmen convicted of Offences, may exhibit Complaint against Em-ploytr before a Justice, who may determine the Matter.

Warrant of Distr* fs to be indorsed by a j nltice of the Hca*.c where the Party re-fides.

Complaint to be made within >4. Days after Cost-

37»

vision of a Salesman; and if frivolous, the Justice may avard Costs to the Employer.

Appeal may be made to the Quarter Seffionj.

Penalties to go to the Prosecutor.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Rouble Costs*.

I

G. 8g. Anno tricesimo sexto GeorcTii III. A.D. 1796.

every such Complaint or Information shall be made within fourteen Days after the Conviction of such Salesman as aforesaid, and not afterwards; and if it shall appear to the said justice, on hearing the Case, that such Complaint so made by the Salesman as aforesaid, is frivolous and unfounded, it shall be lawful for such Justice to award all reasonable Charges and Expences by Way of Costs, to be paid to the said Farmer or other Person, provided he shall attend the said Summons, as the said Justice shall think right, according to the Circumstances of the Case; such Costs to be levied on the Salesman so complaining, in like Manner as is herein-before directed.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person convicted of any Offence punishable by this Act, shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment or Determination of any such

justice as aforesaid, such Person may appeal against the same to the Justices at the General or General [uarter Sessions of the Peace of the County or Place in which any such Conviction shall have been made, which shall be held next after any such Conviction, unless such next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for any such County or Place shall happen to be held within six Days next after any such Conviction; and if any such General or General Quarter Section of the Peace shall happen to be so held within the said Space of six Days next after any such Conviction, then it shall be lawful for any such Person, at the second General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for any such County or Place next after any such Conviction, so that the Party appearing before any such Appeal shall be received, immediately upon such Conviction enter into a Recognizance with two sufficient Sureties, before such Justice to convicting as aforesaid, in the Sum of ten Pounds each, to appear and prosecute every such Appeal with EtFect; and the Justices of the Peace at such General or General Quarter Session of the Peace, are hereby authorized and required, on every such Appeal being made, finally to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and to award such Costs therein, as they in their Discretion shall fee meet *, and which said Order and Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such Proceedings or Determination.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Penalty and Forfeiture by this Act imposed shall, when recovered, go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to Conviction any Offender or Offenders against this Act.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be sued or prosecuted for any Thing done in pursuanc© or in Execution of this Act, after the Expiration of six Months from the Offence committed; and every such Suit or Prosecution shall be brought in the County or Place where such Offence shall have been committed; and every Person so sued shall and may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty, and may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if a Yrerdi& shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon a Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall recover Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases for Recovery of their Costs.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for affefling the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Duties on Salt, for their Salaries and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster^ notwithstanding the said Office has been removed into Somerset Placey within the Duchy Liberty in the 67rand, in the County of Middlesex.

[14th May 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raijsd in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, it is enacted, that every Person in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, rated or assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office or tm- ployment in the County, City, or Place, where the same shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arising by such Office or Employment are payable elsewhere; and it is also by the said Act further enacted, that any Part of the said Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament: And whereas the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers for the Time being, appointed and employed in the Receipt, Management, and Government of the Duties on Salt, did, for a great Number of Years previous to the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, exercise their Offices within the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the City and Liberty of Westmin- fier, during all which Time they were rated and assessed to the Land Tax, for their Salaries and other Pro-

1

tn

prelled and

and Government of the said Duties on Salt, should be assessed for their Salaries and other Profits of the.r

said Offices elsewhere than in the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the said City and Liberty '* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most E:

- I - mm i mm Ti

mons.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 90.

rnons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, from Time to Time appointed and employed in the Receipt, Management, and Government of the said Duties on Salt, shall be assessed upon the said Act for their Salaries and other Profits of their Places in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, where the Salaries and other Profits of the said Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, were assessed, and pot elsewhere, so as the full Proportion which was assessed on the said Division of Saint Martin in the Fields in the City and Liberty aforesaid, in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, be again assessed thereon by virtue of the said Act, and so as any other Division, District, Parish, or Place, to which the said Office has been or may be removed, be not charged with a greater Proportion, in respect of the said Salaries and Profits, than it was in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That out of the Sum to be assessed on the said Commissioners for the Receipt, Management, and Government of the said Duties on Salt, their Clerks, and other Officers, there shall be paid to the Collectors of the Land Tax for the Division, District, Parish, or Place, to which the said Office is or may be removed, one Moiety thereof; and also the Whole of the Land Tax for all additional Commissioners, Clerks,5 and other additional Officers of the said Duties on Salt, which shall or may be hereafter appointed and employed in the said Receipt, Management, or Government, to be applied in Aid of the Assessment to be laid upon the said Division, District, Parish, or Place, by virtue of the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XC.

An Act for the Relief of Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to or interested in the several Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of 'England.

[14th May 1756.]

WHEREAS by the Laws in being relative to the Transfers of Stocks and Annuities transferrable at

the Bank of England, all such Transfers are required to be entered or registered; and such Entries are to be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and to be signed by the Parties making such' 4 Transfers, or (if such Party beabfent) by his, her, or their Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized; and it is also declared, that no other Method of assigning or transferring such Stock and Annuities shall be good or available in Law: And whereas the Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to or interested in the said Stocks and Annuities have been and are put to great Inconveniencies by reason that the Trustees and other Persons, according to the said Laws in being, alone qualified to make Transfers and to receive the Dividends of such Stocks and Annuities vested in them in Trust, have been and are absent out of the Jurisdiction or not amenable tdthe Procefrof the High Court of Chancery or the Court of Exchequer; and other Cases of like Inconvenience have arisen:* For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when and as often as it shall happen that all and every the Person or Perfoi sin whose Name or Names any Part or Parts of the several Stocks and Annuities transferrable, or which hereafter shall be made transferrable, at the Bank of England, is, are, or shall be (landing as a Trustee or Trustees, or the legal Personal Representative or Representatives of any such Person or Persons being deceased, shall be absent out of the Jurisdiction or not amenable to the Process of the said Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, or shall be a Bankrupt or Bankrupts, Lunatic or Lunatics, or shall refuse to transfer the Stock or Annuities, so legally vefledin him, her, or them, or to receive or pay over the Dividends of such Stock or Annuities to the Person or Persons beneficially entitled thereto, or it shall be uncertain or unknown whether such Truflce or Trustees, Representative or Representatives, is or are living or dead j that then and in all and every such Case and Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Courts of Chancery and Exchequer respectively, in any Cause depending in the said Courts respectively, to order and direct that the Accountant General, or the Secretary or Deputy Secretary, for the Time being, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englanddo transfer, in the Book or Books of the said Company, such Stock or Annuities as aforesaid, either to and into the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, or o( the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, in Trust in such Cause, or otherwise, to and into the Name or Names of the Person or Persons equitably or beneficially entitled to such Stock or Annuities as the Cases may respectively require, and as to the said Courts of Chancery and Exchequer fbal), in their Discretion seem fit; and also to order and direct that the said Accountant General, Secretary or Deputy Secretary, for the Time being, of the Governor and Company of the

IBank ol England, do also receive and pay over the Dividends of such Stock and Annuities as the said Courts shall direct; and when and as often as it shall happen that one or more only, and not all or both of such Trustees or Personal Representatives as aforesaid, shall be so absent or not amenable to such Process as aforesaid, or a Bankrupt or Bankrupts, Lunatic or Lunatics, or shall so refuse as aforesaid, or it be uncertain or unknown whether any one or more of such Trustees or Representatives is or are living or dead, that then

and

379

Commissioners, &c. of the Salt Office to be assessed to the Land Tax for their Salaries, &c. in St. Martin In the Fields.

One Moiety of the Assessment, &c. to be paid to the Collectors of the Dif. tridt to which the Office is or may be removed.

[Public Act.]

When Trustees* in whose Name* Slock shall be (landing at the Bank, shall be absent, out of the [ur-fJiftion of the Chancery and Exchequer, or he Bankrupts, &c. the said Courts in any Cause depending the rein, may order the Stock to be transferred* and the Dividend* paid; and when all the Trustees cannot be found, may or* rler the forthcoming ones to transfer Stock, &c.

380

C. 9 t

tricesimo sexto

A.D. 1796.

If Bankrupts refute to tran*.ferr Stock standing in their own Right, the Lord Chancellor may order it to be transferred to the Assignees.

Stock standing in the Names of Lunatics, or their Committees, may in certain Cases be ordered by the Lord Chancellor to be transferred, Sec,

Act to be an

Indemnity to to the Bank*

2nd in all and every such Iafl mentioned Case and Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Courts cif Chancery and Exchequer respectively, to order and direct that the other and others of such Trustees and Representatives, who shall be forthcoming and ready and qualified to act, do transfer such Stock or Annuities to and into the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as aforesaid, as the Cases may respectively require, and as to the said Courts shall in their Discretion seem fit; and also that such forthcoming Trustee or Trustees, Representative or Representatives, do also receive and pay over the Dividends of such Stock or Annuities as the said Courts shall direct; and that all such Transfers and Payments so made in pursuance of this Act, 111 all be, and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any former Statute, Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it hath frequently happened that Commissions of Bankrupt have issued against Per-

4 Tons having cerrtain Parts of the said Stocks or Annuities transferable at the Bank of standing in

their Names in the Town Right, and such Persons have thereupon been declared and adjudged Bankrupts,

but have nevertheless refused to transfer or join in transferring such Stock or Annuities;’ for Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be declared or adjudged Bankrupt, having any Part or Parts of the Stocks or Annuities transferable, or which hereafter shall be made transferable at the Bank of England, standing in his, her, or their Name or Names in his, her, or tt eirown Right, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain hr the Time being, on the Petition of the Assignee or Assignees chosen under the said Commission, to order the said Accountant General, Secretary, or Deputy Secretary, for the Time being, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ to transfer the said Stock or Annuities so standing in the Name or Names of the said Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in his, her, or their own Right, to and into the Name or Names of the said Assignee or Assignees, and also to receive and pay over the Dividends of such Stock and Annuities as the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall direct; and that all such Transfers and Payments shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any former Statute, Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas Commissionsin the Nature of a Writ de Lunatico inquirendo h^ve frequently issued,

and Persons have thereupon been found Lunatics, having certain Parts of the Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, standing in the Names of such Lunatics in their own Right, and the Committees of the Estates of such Lunatics having like Parts of such Stocks and Annuities standing in their own Names in Fruit for or as Part of the Property of such Lunatics, have sometimes died intestate,

or gone to relide beyond the Seas, or have themselves become Lunatics, or it has been uncertain and un- known whether they were living or dead: And whereas it is sometimes proper and expedient that such Parts of the Property of such Lunatics as aforesaid should be transferred, but by the Laws in being no valid or effectual Transfer thereof can be made, whereby great Inconveniencies have arisen for Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases whatsoever where any such Stock or Annuities transferable or thereafter to be made transferrable at the Bank of England, is, are, or shall be standing in the Name or Names of such Lunatic or Lunatics, In his, her, or their own Right, or in the Name or Names of the Committee or Committees of his, her, or their Estate or Estates, in Trust for the said Lunatic or Lunatics, or as Part of his, her, or their Property, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, to order the Accountant General, Secretary, or Deputy Secretary, for the Time being, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ to transfer such Stock or Annuities to or into the Name c;f any new Committee or Committees, or otherwise, and also to receive and pay over the Dividends thereof, as the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, shall direct; and that such Transfers and Payments shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any former Statute, Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall be and is hereby declared to be a full and complete Indemnity and Discharge to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, their Officers and Servants, for all Things done, or permitted to be done pursuant thereto, and that the same shall not be questioned or impeached in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever, to their Prejudice or Detriment; and that this present Act shall be, and is hereby declared to be, and to be reputed and

taken as a Public Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

a

CAP. XCI.

An Act for dissolving a certain Partnership, Society, or Undertaking, called The Million Bant, and for

dividing the Joint Stockand Funds belonging thereto, amongst the Members thereof.

[14th May 1796.]

41 Preamble recites Indenture July 19, 1695, for erecting The Million Bank, with a Capital of 200,000l. Also Indenture of Feb. 19, 1695, by which the Capital was increased to 320,000l.: That the Fund was

afterwards increased to 500,000l.: That the Proprietors have resolved to discontinue the Banking Bufi-

ness: The present State of the Stock of the Society, &c,: That if the Joint Stock of the Society were

divided among the Members, it would be advantageous to them; but the same cannot be done under the Articles first mentioned; And, that at two General Meetings of the Proprietors it has been determined to

<c

(i

u

381

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92.

apply to Parliament for a Difiblution of the Society. Present Million Partnership Bank difiolved; and their Property veiled in Trustees. The present Directors may meet for the Purposes of this Act. The

" Stocks to be sold; and the Produce to form a Fund for discharging Dividends due from the Bank; and the Expences of procuring and executing this Act; and the Residue laid out in the Purchase of Bahk Annuities. When such Stock shall be purchased, a Meeting of Directors to be held; who shall compute what Proportion of each Fund every Proprietor shall be entitled to Trustees impowered to con-llicutc Attornies for the Purpose of making the Transfers. Further Calculation to be made of what Part 41 of the Three Cent. Consols ought to be transferred to the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery; and of what ought to be allotted to each other Proprietor not having 100l. Million Bank Stock; and the Remainder to be divided amon^ the other Proprietors. So much of the Three per Cent. Consols, as shall be allotted to the Accountant General, to be transferred to him. Shares of the Funds to be allotted to other Proprietors to be transferred into their Names. Where Shares of Stock Hand in the Name of deceased Persons, Transfers to be made tothofc entitled thereto. Where Parties are not known, No- ticeto be inserted in the Gazette. If Claims be not made within a limited Time, the Shares to be transferred to the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery. Shares Handing in the Name of deceastd Persons or their Representatives, on Account of Trusts, to be transferred into the Nam.s of the same 41 Persons; Copies of Wills affecting Shares to be entered in the Books of the Bank. Funds to be transferred to be subject to the same Trusts as the original Shares of the Million Bank Stock. Directors empowered to give Orders for Surrender of the Lea!e of the Society’s House, or to fell fuel) Lease. Directors to employ such Persons for carrying this Act into Execution as they think proper; and to give Gratuities to their present Officers for part Services. Committees of Directors to receive 12l. 12J. Cleric to attend at the Society’s House for the Purpose of paying Dividends. If all the Dividends be not paid six Weeks before the Expiration of two Years, Notice to be inserted in Gazette \ and at the End of two Years, the remaining Cash to be inverted in Bank Annuities. Account to be kept of the Funds to be transferred to each Proprietor, and t^ bw open to their inspection. At the Expiration of two Years from passing this Act, a Memorial to be ligned by three or more of the Directors, containing an Account of the Stock then unclaimed. Expence of passing and executing me Act how to be paid. Trustees not to be answerable for any Thing done in consequence of the Orders of the Directors in Writing. An- fwerable for their own Acts only: Empowered to reimburse the mfe Ives all Cods. Acts done by the Order of Directors to be as valid as if done by Two-thirds of the Proprietors. Public Act."

CAP. XCII.

An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament two several Acts, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London; and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands, or Militia, of the said City.

[14th A/tly 1796.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending so much of an Atl% pa fed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Yean of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Seconds intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, as relates to the Militia of the City of London, and fir the better ordering the *4 fameAnd whereas another Act w as passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual an Aid, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending so much of an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, as relates to the Militia of the City of London, and for the better or- dering the same :M And whereas several of the Powers and Provisions in the said Acts contained have been found defective, and it is expedient that the said Adlsshould be repealed, and further and other Powets and Provisions granted inrtead thereof, for raising, training, and regulating the Trained Bands, or Militia of the City of London Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said two recited Acts, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and that inrtead thereof this Act shall commence and take Fifed!: Provided nevertheless, that the Militia now raised by virtue of the said Acts shall be subject to the Provisions and Regulations contained in this Act, in like Manner as the Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act are

subjected thereto.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the repealing of the said Acts shall not annul any Proceedings had by his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London, who are in and by the said Acts appointed and authorized to execute the same, or any Commissions granted by them by v rtue or under the Authority of the said Acts, provided the Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, and C'apuins, to whom such Commissions have been granted, are qualified a* herein after specified; and in order to ascertain such (Qualifications, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and directed to examine such Persons respectively on Oath, to be administered by such Commissioners; and the several Persons to

whom

34 Geo. nr.

Cap. 81. and

35 Geo. III. Cap. 27. recited.

Recited Acts repealed; but the Militia raised by virtue thereof, to be subject to the Provisions of this Act.

Repeal of recited Acts not to annul Proceedings of the Commissioner:> of Lieutenancy, or Comm;(Hons granted by them, if the Officers are qualL-

382

C. 92.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

ftcers are quali- whom such Commissions have been granted, shall and may act, if qualified as herein after expressed, in the ^cd» Execution of this Act, in like Manner as they might have adied in the Execution of the said former Acts,

to fc.rtain *m case this had not been made.

which, thvyarc v

to examine upon Oath.

Commissioners to arm, array, and exer*ife the Militia, and appoint Oftici rs, who Hull have the Tame Rank as the other Militia Forces.

Comm iHi ons not vacated by Revocation of the Power of the Commissioners.

Officers to poffels the same Qimlin cation as for Cities which are. Counties of themselves, to take the Oaths, and subscribe a Declaration as to his Qualification.

No Bankrupt to be an Officer.

Establishment of the Militia.

Commissions to

be inserted in

the Gazette.

Expence of Insertion to be allowed the Clerk.

Field Officers and Captains now holding Commissions, who have not delivered in their Qualifications, to do so in three Months on Pain of Disqualification.

Penalty for afiing without being qualified, or without delivering in a Defer! ption of Qualification.

III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy that noware and hereafter shall be constituted and appointed for the City of London, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such Persons once in every Year and at such other Times and in such Manner as is herein after directed; and the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time constitute 3nd appoint a proper Number of Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, and other Officers, qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipline, and command the Persons so to be armed and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein after mentioned, and the Officers so#appointed shall have the same Rank in the Army as the Officers of the Rest of the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Officer granted by his Majesty's said Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London in pursuance of this Act, shall be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of the Commission by which such Commissioners were appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person so to be appointed an Officer of the said Militia, in pursuance of this Act, shall possess the like Qualification, with respect to Property, as those of the same Rank, in all Cities and Towns which are Counties within themselves, are directed to possess by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England; and every Commissioned Officer shall take the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration by the said Act required to be taken, made, repeated, and subscribed; and every Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel. Major, and Captain, in the said Militia, shall be a Freeman of the City of London, and shall also take an Oath and subscribe a Declaration before the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and directed to administer the said Oath and receive the said Declaration, that he possesses the Qualifications required by the said Act; and every Lieutenant and Ensign in the said Militia shall be a Freeman, or the Son of a Freeman of the City of London, and shall also take (if required by the said Commissioners) an Oath, and subscribe a Declaration before the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorized to administer the said Oath and receive the said Declaration, that he possesses the Qualifications required by the said Act: Provided always, that no Person who has been a Bankrupt, or compounded with his Creditors, and not paid twenty Shillings in the Pound, shall be eligible to be a Commissioned Officer in the said London

Militia.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised, by virtue of this Act, for the Militia of the City of London and Liberties thereof, shall be one thousand and two hundred, to be formed into two Regiments, conlifting each of eight Companies, besides a Grenadier and Light Infantry Company; the Field Officers of each Regiment shall be one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major; and there shall be one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Enlign, to each Company, except to the Grenadier and Light Infantry Companies, to each of which there shall he appointed two Lieutenants, in (lead of one Lieutenant and one Ensign; and the Clerk of the said Commissioners shall cause to be inserted in the London Gazette the Date of the Commissions, and Names and Rank of the Officers, together with the Names of the Officers in whose Room they are appointed, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army are published from the War Office; and the Expence of such Insertion in the Gazette, for each Commission, shall be allowed to the said Clerk in passing his Accounts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer now holding a Commission as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain, in the said Militia, who hath not delivered a specific Description of his Qualification, herein-before mentioned, for enabling him to hold such Commission, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, shall, within three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, deliver such specific Description of his Qualification for holding such Commission to the said Clerk or Treasurer, who shall forthwith lay the same, or a true Copy thereof, before the said Commissioners; and in case any such Officer shall not deliver such specific Description of his Qualification as aforesaid, to the Clerk or Treasurer, within the Time before limited for that Purpose, his Commission shall be void, and he shall be incapable of being or serving as an Officer in the said Militia again in the same or any higher Rank.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, or Majors, in the said Militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered a specific Description of his Qualification to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Captains in the said Militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered a specific Description of his Qualification to the said Clerk or Treasurer, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, Captains, Lieutenants, or Enfigr.s, in the said Militia, afterkhaving been a Bankrupt, or after

having

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 9 2.'

Wm ^ i l

ing compounded with his Creditors, and not paid twenty Shillings in the Pound, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety of which laid several and respective Penalties shall go to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same; and in every Action, Suit, or Information, brought against any Person for acting as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain, in the said Militia, not being qualified as. aforesaid, the Proof of his Qualification (except as to Bankruptcy or compounding with his Creditors) shall lie upon the Person against whom the same is brought.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required and empowered to hold a Court of Lieutenancy for the said City, on the fir(fc Wednesday next after the passing of this Act, and afterwards to hold two Courts of Lieutenancy in each Year for the said City; (that is to say,) one Court to beholden on the third Wednesday in January, and one Court on the third Wednesday in June, and to hold Courts from Time to Time, as often as they shall think expedient, and to issue such Precepts at the said Courts as may be requisite and necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

---

[Men to be provided by the Wards in certain Proportions.]

X. And be it further enacted, That the Private Men of the two Regiments of Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act, and which shall be distinguished by the Names of the East and West Regiments, shall be provided by the several Wards of the City, and the Liberties and Precincts within the same, in the Proportions following; (that is to say,)

For the East Regiment, by the Wards of

Aldgate, sixty Men;

Bassishaw, twelve Men;

Billingsgate, forty-one Men;

Bishopsgate Within, forty-four Men;

Bishopsgate Without, fifty Men;

Bridge, twenty-six Men;

Broad Street, fifty Men;

Candlewick, twenty Men;

Coleman Street, thirty-six Men;

Cornhill, thirty-six Men;

Dowgate, twenty-seven Men;

Langbourn, sixty-seven Men;

Lime Street, twenty Men;

Portsoken, forty-five Men;

Tower, sixty-six Men.

And for the West Regiment, by the Wards of

Aldersgate Within, and Saint Martins-le-Grand, eighteen Men;

Aldersgate Without, twenty-one Men;

Bread Street, twenty-four Men;

Castle Baynard, forty-four Men;

Cheap, forty-four Men;

Cordwainer, twenty-two Men;

Cripplegate Within, forty-four Men;

Cripplegate Without, thirty-six Men;

Farringdon Within, eighty-four Men;

Farringdon Without, one hundred and ninety-two Men;

Queenhithe, twenty-one Men;

Vintry, twenty-three Men;

Walbrook, twenty-seven Men.

---

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, at their Courts, shall and are hereby required to issue Precepts to the Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Councilmen of the several Wards of the said City and Liberties thereof, requiring them to cause the Number of Men, herein-before appointed to be raised in their respective Wards, to be provided; and the Aldermen, or Deputies, and Common Council-men, of the several Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall provide the Number of Men directed to be raised in their respective Wards, who shall be fit and able Men, and be approved by two or more of the said Commissioners, and who shall not have more than one Child born in Wedlock at the Time of his Inrolment, and who shall reside in the said City, or within three Miles thereof; and the Aldermen, or De-

C, and Common Councilmen of the several Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall and are >y authorized and empowered to give unto such Men, so to be provided, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds to each Man, to serve in the Militia for each Ward; and the said Commissioners shall appoint a Court or Courts to be holden, notless than twenty Days or more than sixty Days after issuing such Precepts, to receive a Return of the Names and Places of Abode of such Persons as shall be so provided; and the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Councilmen, of the several Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall direct the Constables, Beadles, or other Ward Officers, to give Notice, in Writing, to every Person so provided, personally to appear at such Court or Courts, or before such Commissioners asmay be appointed by such Court or Courts, to receive, inspect, and attest them, which Notice shall be given at his or their usual Place of Abode at lead six Days before the Time appointed for their said

36 Geo. III. 3D Appearance;

383

A Moiety of

Penalty to the Person who shall sue.

On whom. Proof 6f Qualification shall he.

Times of holding Courts of Lieutenancy.

Commissioners to issue Precepts to the Aldermen, Stc. to cause the Men to be raised, to whom they may give 101. Bounty;

and to appoint a Court to receive Returns of Men provided.

Aldermen to direct the Ward Officers to give Notice to the Perfo is provided to aticrd

at the Court,

I

384

C. 92.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. - A.D. 1796.

Oath to be taken by Persons approved.

C

who shall be in> rolled to ft nre five Years.

Penalty on V/ard Officers, for Default.

In case of Deficiency of Men, the Commissioners to if* sue Precepts to the Aldermen, &c. to provide others, or pay 30 1. for each Man wanting j

and if they nc-giedl to do so, cr if the Men be* rot approved of Sec. the Wa rd to be charged with 10 L for each, to be applied by *' the Commissioners in providing the Men.

Surplus of Monies to be applied as Part of the Regimental Stock Purse.

Appearance; and such Constable, Beadle, or other Officer, shall appear at such Court or Courts, or before such Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, and make Return on Oath of the Days when such Notices were served; and every Person so provided shall, upon such Notice* appear at such Court, or before such Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, and if approved, there take an Oath in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty 1 King George; and I do swear, that 1 am a Protestant. and that I will faithfully serve in the Miliria of London, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of- the same, during the Term of five Years, for which I am enrolled, unless I shall be soon£r discharged.*

And every such Person shall be inrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the Militia of the City of London, as a Private Man, for the Space of five Years, and it shall be lawful for any one of the said Commissioners toadnjinifter the said Oath; and in case the said Constables, Beadles, or other Ward Officers, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to give the said Notice in Writing, in Manner aforesaid, to every Person so provided to appear as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to appear and make Return on Oath of the Service of such Notice in Manner aforesaid, every such Constable, Beadle, or other Ward Officer, so neglecting or refusing in either or both of the said cases, shall forfeit and pay, for each Offence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings*

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Men provided by or for the several Wards in the said City and Liberties shall not appear, or shall not be approved by two or more of the said Commissioners, or if through Neglect, Mistake, or any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed to be raised in any of the said Wards shall not be duly inrolled at the Court or Courts at or before the said Commissioners so tube appointed for that Purpose or if any Militia Man shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which he was to serve, die, cr be discharged in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, or by the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which he shall belong, with the Consent in Writing of two or more of the said Commissioners, as unfit for Service, or be otherwise regularly discharged, then and in either of the said cases, the said Commissioners may and are hereby required immediately to issue Precepts to the said Alderman, Deputy, and Common Councilmen of the said Ward wherein such Deficiency or Vacancy shall happen, requiring them, or the major Part of them, within ten Days next following, to make good such Deficiency or Vacancy, or to provide other Men, or to pay to the said Commissioners the Sum of ten Pounds for each Man, in order lhat they may provide the same; and that if the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council-men, of any of the Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall omit or refule to provide the Quota or Number of Men herein appointed to be raised by or for their said respective Wards, or, having provided the said Quota or Number of Men, any of them shall not be approved of, or shall refuse or neglect to appearand take the Oath, and be inrolled as herein-before mentioned, or shall die, or be discharged, and others shall not be provided in their Stead as aforesaid, the said Ward shall, in lieu thereof, be charged with and pay the Sum of ten Pounds for every Man not so provided, swornin, attested,'and inrolled, which Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied by the said Commissioners in providing Men for the Wards which shall have paid the same, who shall be (worn in and inrolled to serve for the same Time and on the same Conditions as if they had been provided by the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Councilmen of such Wards respectively, as herein-before is directed; and if any Surplus of such Monies shall remain, the same shall be paid to the Colonel, or such Officer as he shall appoint, of the Regiment, for which such Person shall serve, and be applied as Part of the Regimental S^tock Purse.

Aldermen, &c. to make a Rate to delray the Expences of raising Men*

Appeal from Rates may be made to the Court of Mayor and Aldcnvun.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Aldermen, or Deputies, and Common Councilmen of the several Wards of the said City and Liberties, or the major Part of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make an equal Rate upon all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners or Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy, any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Vault, Cellar, or other Tenement or Hereditament, within their said several and respective Wards, and the Liberties and Precincts within the same, (Regard being had in making the said Rate, to the Abilities of and likewise to the Relit paid by the said several Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Cor-

orate, and the Owners and Occupiers of public Buildings,) to defray the Expences of railing the Quota or umber of Men to serve in the said Militia herein-before directed to be provided by or for the several and respective Wards aforesaid, as well as the Expences of filling up such Vacancies as may happen by Death or Discharge, as herein-before mentioned, and all other incidental Charges relating thereto.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for them respective-

I?

ly to appeal to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, whose Decision shall be final and conclusive: Provided always, that Notice of such Appeal shall be left in Writing at the Office of

of the Town Clerk of the said City within ten Days after the Sum so rated and afieftld shall be demanded, and such Appeal shall be made to the next Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City after such Notice shall be so left

as aforesaid.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, or the Owners and Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, who shall be rated and assessed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall refuse or neglect, by the Space of fourteen Days next after his, her, or their respective Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be-due and demanded by the Collector or Col led! or s authorized and appointed, either by the Alderman or his Deputy, and the Common Councilmen for the'l ime being in each Ward, or the major Part of them, or by the said Commissioners, in case the said Alderman, Deputy, and Common Councilmen, or the major Part of them, shall refuse, omit, or neglect to make the Rate or Assessment, and appoint such Collectors as herein after directed to collect and receive the same (such Demand being left in Writing, by the said Collector or Collectors, at the Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Vault, Cellar, or other Tenement, Hereditament, Premises, or other Property, possessed, rented, or occupied by him, her, or them, to pay such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so demanded as aforesaid, unless Notice of Appeal shall have been left as aforesaid, or if any such Notice be left, and if such Appeal shall not be made accordingly to the next Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and fur such Collector and Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor, or any other Magistrate of the said City, which Warrant or Warrants the said Collector and Collectors is and hereby required to apply for, and the Mayor or any other Magistrate of the said City are hereby authorized and required to grant, and with the Assistance of a Constable, or any Peace Officer of the Ward, County, City, or Liberty, where the Person or Persons, Party or Parties, so refusing or neglecting, shall reside, there to seize and dirtrain any of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay, and if the same shall not be replevied, or such Rate or Assessment paid, within five Days next af.er such Distress made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof, then to appraise and fell so much and such Part of the said Goods and Chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, and the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, the said Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Mayor, or other Magistrate, who shall have granted such Warrant or Warrants respectively: Provided always, that no such Distress shall, by virtue of this Act, be made out of the Limits of the said City and Liberties thereof, unless such Warrant or Warrants respectively shall be first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty, where such Distress is proposed lobe made, which Warrant or Warrants any Magistrate who shall be applied to for that Purpose shall forthwith, and is hereby authorized and required to back or countersign without Fee or

Reward*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Collector or Collectors shall refuse or neglect to apply for such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, or to make such Distress and Sale, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, except in Cases where such Distress shall be dispensed with by the Alderman, or his Deputy, and the Common Councilmen of each respective Ward, or the major Part of them, or by a Court of Commissioners, in Cases in which his Majesty's Commissioners shall be the Afteflors, by virtue of this Act, by Writing under their Hands, in refj>edt to the Poverty of the Party or Parties assessed, such Collector or Collectors shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds; and if any Justice of the Peace, upon such Application to him made to back or countersign such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, such Justice shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and if any Constable be called upon by any Collector or Collectors having such Warrant or Warrants, and shall refuse or neglect to aid and assist him or them in making such Distress and Sale, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding. iheSirmtf forty Shillings.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Inhabitant Householder of any Ward shall offer himself, and voluntarily serve in his own Right as a Private in the said Militia (being approved of, sworn in, and inrolled as aforesaid) for the Term of five Years* he shall be exempt from paying the said Rate for any House or Premises he shall then or in sature inhabit within the said City and Liberties; any Thinz in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Alderman, or his Deputy, and the Common Counc:lmen for the Time being in each Ward within the said City or Liberties, or the major Part of them, shall be the Assessors, in their respective Wards, to charge all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners and Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings liable to be rated in their respective Wards as here-in-before directed, and shall likewise be the Afteflors of the Trophy 'Fax herein after directed to be continued to be raised and paid, and shall appoint proper Persons to collect the said Rates and Taxes, and pay or allow unto such Collectors any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three Pence in the Pound upon the Money so collected. v # v

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Councilmen of any Ward, or the major Part of them, shall refuse or neglect to provide all or any of the Men to be raised by such Ward, as herein-before directed, or to supply such Vacancies as may happen from Death or Discharge as aforesaid, according to the Precepts issued to them for that Purpose, or Hull neglect or refuse to pay the Sum of ten Pounds for every Man not so provided or supplied as aforesaid; and if the said Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Councilmen of any Ward, or the major Part of them, shall neglect or refuse to make, levy, and raise, the said Rates, or to afiefs and levy the Proportion of the Trophy Tax of such Ward, J pBS, 3 I) 2 the

- 385

Rate* may be

levied by Dif-ticfs.

No Di streft '

bemadcoutef the Limits of the City, unless the Warrant be backed by Magistrate of the Place.

Penalty for not in king Distress, not backing Warrants, or neglecting to aid ia making Di-stref®.

Householders serving in their own Right exempted from the Rate.

Alderman, &c* to be the Ward A (T (Tors, and to appoint Col* It&ors, with an Allowance.

If the Alderman, fee neg-left to provide Men, or pay (or them, or .«vy Ra:r», the Commissionera ma> lev> and apply such Rate*;

386

C. 92.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

and may call for the last Assessf-mer.t to the Land Tax from the Clerk, who shall produce it, and give Copies, on Penalty of zo 1.

to appoint an Adjutant to each Regiment, who, if from the Army, (hill preserve his Rank, and may hold a Subaltern’s Com-rnittion, and have Brevet Rank of Captain, without the requisite Qualification,

A Surgeon, Quarter Matter, and Regimental Clerk, to be appointed.

Vo Adjutant, ire. to be Captain of a Company. Regimen

the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby further authorized to make, assess, levy, and raise the /aid

Rates, and also the Proportion of the Trophy Tax of such Ward, the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Councilmen of which shall make such Default, in like Manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as the said Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Councilmen are hereby empowered to make, raile, lefly, and assess the same; and the better to enable the said Commissioners to make the said Rates, and assess the said Tax, they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they find it requisite and necessary so to do, to call upon the Clerk to the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the City of London to produce before them the Book or Books containing the last Assessment or Assessments to the Land Tax upon each and every of the Wards in the said City, and the said Clerk is hereby required to produce the same when called upon, and alfa to furnish the said Commissioners with Copies of such Parts thereof as may be by them required of him, upon receiving a reasonable Compensation or Allowance for his Trouble therein; and in case he shall negledV or refuse to produce such Book or Books, or fumish such Copies, he shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds; and the said Commissioners shall apply the said Rates, when received and recovered, in providing the Quota of Men, or so many of them as shall be wanting, for the Ward so neglecting or refusing, and to the other Purposes of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may and shall appoint one proper Person to be Adjutant to each Regiment of the said Militia, and such Person, if appointed out of his Majesty's other Forces, shall, during his Service in the said Militia, preserve his Rank in the same Manner as if he

utant a Commission of _ auired by this Act for a

Lieutenant or Ensign and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of either Regiment, to appoint the Adjutant of such Regiment to the Rank of Captain by Brevet, provided such Adjutant has served five Years in the Rank of Lieutenant, either in the Militia or in any of his Majesty's other Forces, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Captains: Provided always, that no such Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall be valid, unless in the instrument granting the same it shall be specified in what Regiment or Battalion, and whether of the Militia or of his Majesty's other Forces, such Adjutant hath served in the Rank of Lieutenant, and what was or were the Date or Dates of his Commission or Commissions: Provided also, that no Adjutant so appointed to the Rank of Captain shall, by the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise, be entitled to the Rank above, or to command any Captain of a Company in the said Militia, nor shall, by virtue of such Appointment, be entitled to receive any greater Pay, than that of a Lieutenant, together with his Pay as Adjutant.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may appoint a Surgeon and Quarter Mastertoeach Regiment, and also a Regimental Clerk to each Regiment, who shall execute the Omce of Pay Mailer: Provided always, that no Adjutant, Surgeon,.Quarter Master, or Regimental Clerk, shall be capable of being appointed Captain of a Company; and no Person holding a Commission of Captain of a Company shall be capable of being appointed Adjutant, Surgeon, Quarter Master, or Regimental Clerk; Provided nevertheless, that any Regimental Clerk may be appointed Captain Lieutenant.

tal Clerk may be Captain Lieutenant.

had continued in that Service, and the said Commissioners may give any such Adjut Lieutenant or Ensign, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualification requi

Pay of Adjutants, Regimental Clerks, Quarter Maf-tt-ts, Serjeant Majors, &c. Civil Appointments may be made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Regimental Clerk, and Quarter Master, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall receive the usual Pay of such Offices and Appointments in other Militia Forces, or such other Allowance as the said Commissioners shall think proper and adequate to the Service; and that Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, Drum and Fife Majors, and Drummers and Fifers, shall receive the same Pay as those of the rest of the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and the said Commissioners may make such Civil Appointments as they shall see necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

Pay of the Militia to be ittued by the Trca-lucer, as by the Receiver General of the Land l ax, to County Militia.

Regimental Clerks to give Security as in other Regiments,

and pay Balances to the Treasurer.

Costs of Suit re-coveraH as by the Militia Act.

Officers on Half Pay serv-

ing as Licutc-

1

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of the said Militia shall be issued by the Treasurer appointed by the said Commissioners, in the same Manner as the Receiver General of the Land Tax for every County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Militia is raised, aredireded to issue the Pay of such Militia by any Ad whi^h now is, or hereafter shall be in Force for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the same shall be subject to the Regulations directed by or contained in any such Aid; and the Regimental or Battalion Clerks appointed to the said Militia shall give Security by Bond to the said Commissioners, in like Manner as the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia is directed by any such Ad to give Security to his Majesty, which Bonds shall be lodged with the said Treasurer, and put in Suit by him in the Name of the said Commissioners, in the same Manner as is directed by such Act, and he shall be entitled to the like Costs, and five Pounds/>£r Centum on the Money recovered, as thereby directed, and the Residue shall be accounted for by him to the said Commissioners; and the said Regimental or Battalion Clerks shall annually deliver in their Accounts, and pay the Balances in their Hands to the said Treasurer, in the same Manner as the CJerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia is diic&ed by such Ad to deliver in his Accounts, and pay the Balance in his Hands to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for each County; and all Costs and Charges of Suit shall be recoverable in like Manner as by the said Act is directed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay, shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half Pay during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Regimental

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sexto

C. 92. 387

rants, &c. may receive it on taking the following

Oath

Proportions of Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, and when to be cloathed. Non-commissioned Officers to take the following Oath.

Colonel may appoint a Serjeant Major and Drum Major.

Non-commissioned Offictrs

mental Clerk, Pay Matter, Quarter Matter, or Surgeon, in the said Militia, but that the same shall nevertheless continue, and instead of the Oath directed by the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, to be taken by such Officer, he shall take the following Oath; th^t is to say,

4 t A.B. do swear, That I had not, between ----- any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Mili-

tary, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced ----- in late Regiment of -----save and except my Fay as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Regimental Clerk, Pay-

matter, Quarter Matter, or, Surgeon, as the Case may be,\ for serving in the said Militia.*

- And the taking of the said Oath, without taking any other Oath, shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, dial 1 be appointed to the said Militia as follows; (that is to say,) there shall be thfee Serjeants, three Corporals, and two Drummers, to each Company, with the Addition of one Drummer to each of the Flank Companies; and such Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, shall be new cloathed, when not in actual, Service, once in two Years, or ofecner if necessary, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners; and all Serjeants and Corporals shall take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

4 t A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty Ring George \ and I do swear that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve as a Serjeant [or 4 Corpora], as the Case may be ] in the said Militia, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, until I shall be legally discharged.*

And the Colonel of each Regiment may appoint a Serjeant Major out of the Serjeants, and a Drum Major out of the Drummers; and all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, having received any Pay as such in the said Militia, shall be deemed to be engaged, and compellable to serve in the said Militia until they (half be legally discharged: Provided always, that every Serjeant, Corporal,* and Drummer, appointed in the said Militia, shall resideinthe City of London, or within one Mile thereof: And provided also, that no Person who shall keep any House of public Entertainment, or who shall sell Ale, or Wine, or Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, by retail, shall be capable of being appointed, or serving as a Serjeant, Corporal, or having received

Drummer, in the said Militia. Pay, compellable to serve; to live within a certain Distance; and shall not be Publicans*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, may be discharged

by the Colonel, or by the Commanding Officer, (with the Consent of the Captain of the Company,) and that the Captain, with the Approbation of the Commanding Officer, may appoint any proper Person in the Room of every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, who shall die, desert, or be discharged; all which Serjeants and Corporals so appointed shall take the like Oath as is herein-before required to be taken by Serjeants and Corporals.; t. 1

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Colonel and other Officers of both or either Regiment of the said Militia shall be delirous of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than two for each Company, to be employed as Fifers or Musicians for the Use of the said Militia, and shall be willing to defray the Expence of such additional Drummers, it shall and may be lawful for the Colonel of each or either Regiment to engage any additional Number of Drummers to act as Fifers or Musicians in their respective Reg iments, and all such Drummers so engaged to serve in the said Militia shall be deemed as Drummers in said Militia* within the Meaning of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the same Orders, Regulations, Penalties, and Punishments, as other Drummers of Militia are by this A<fl subject to, and shall continue to serve as Drummers so long as they shall receive the same Pay and Cloath-

as other Drummers have, or better Cloathing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Militia, or at least Half thereof, appointed as aforesaid, shall be trained’and exercised once in every Year for twenty-eight Days together, at such Time and Place, (not exceeding the Distance of five Miles from the City of London, or as to four Days, Part of the said twenty-eight Days, not exceeding ten Miles from the said City,) as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners; and during such Time as the said Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, all the Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and 'Filings, contained in any Act of Parliament which shall then be in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be in force with respe*it to the said Militia, and all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the same, shall be subject and liable thereto, in all Cases whatsoever; but so that no Punishment shall extend to Loss of Life or Limb.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That Notice of the Time and Place of Exercise of the said Militia shall be sent by the Clerk of the said Commissioners to the Ward Clerks, Beadles, or other Officers of the several Wards of the said City, with Directions to cause such Notice to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels in their respective Wards; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Lime and Place of Exercise, according to such Notice; and the said Clerk shall, ten Days at least before the Time appointed for the annual Exercise, transmit to the Colonel of each Regiment, (or to such Person as shall be by him appointed to receive the same,) a full and true Lift, specifying the Name, Place of Abode, and Date of Inrolment, of all Persons inrolled to serve in their respective Regiments, and shall in like Manner cause a Duplicate of such List to be transmitted to the Adjutant of each Regiment*

xxx. And

Colonel may discharge Non-commissioned Officers, and Drummers, and the Captain may All up Vacancies*

Officers may keep Musicians as extra Drummers, paying the Expence.

in

gx

Militia to be exercised 28 successive Days annually, and subject to the Mutiny Ad*.

Notice of the

Time and Place of Exercise to be affixed on the Church Doors, and Lids of the Men enrolled to be sent by the Clerk to the Colonel, «xc.

C. 92. 388

Adjutants, Arc. to be subject to

the Mutiny Lawj.

Colonel may direct the holding Courts MaitiaJ when the Regiment is mbodied, for Trial of Serjeant Majors, Arc. for previous Offences.

tricesimo sexto G

A.D. 1796.

J t

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, Drummer, and Fifer, of the said Militia, shall be at all Times subject to any Act which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, and shall be under Command of the Colonel of the Regiment to which he, belongs; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel to direct the holding of Courts Martial, whenever such Regiment shall be embodied or called out for the Purpose of annual Exercise, for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer of such Regiment, for any Offence committed during the Time such Regiment was not embodied or so called out, but no Punishment shall extend to the Lois of Life or Limb.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant or Corporal of the said Militia may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a Private Soldier of the said Mlitia, to serve as such during any Time not exceeding fifteen Months, after which Time, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non-commissioned Officer, he shall be discharged from the Service.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accoutrements, and Cloathing, belonging to the said Militia, when noton Duty, or embodied, shall be kept in such convenient Place as the said CoramiU sioners shall appoint; and that new Cloaths shall be provided for the Private Militia Men, at lead once in every five Years, when not embodied for actual Service.

Non-commissioned Officers may be reduced

to Privates.

Armsj&c. to be kept Where the Commissioners shall appoint.

Privates to be cloathed every five Years when not embodied

Pay of the Mi htia.

Men may be pm under Stoppages.

Allowance in lieu of Quarters.

Serjeants, 8cc. rot residing within the pre-pnscribed Limits, not entitled to any Allowance.

Commissioners to appoint Treasurers and Clerks.

Account of Trophy Tax to be delivered annually to the Corporation before a new Rate is made.

Security to be -taken from Treasurers and

Clerk6.

In case of In-\afion, Ate. his Majesty .1 ay order the Militia to be embodied, subject to the

Mutiny Laws.

9 * it J. W* k ", i j %» Wi \Lm tg f- m

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers of the said Militia shall receive the same Pay as those of the other Militia Forces of this Kingdom, and no other; and when assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, the Private Men shall receive one Shilling^'* Day each Man; during which Time it shall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company to put the Militia Men of his Company under Stoppages, not exceeding Sixpence per Day, for the Purpose of providing them with Linen, and also with Stockings and other Necessaries, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such Militia Man’s Neglect: Provided always, that every such Captain or Commanding Officer, shall account with each Militia Man for such Stoppage, and after having deducted what shall have been laid out and paid for the Purposes aforesaid, shall pay the Sum remaining (if there shall be any) into the Hands of the Militia Man to whom the same belongs, before such Militia Man shall be dismissed from such Training and Exercise.

XXXIV. And, in older to prevent the Privileges of the said City from being infringed by the billeting

or quartering of Soldiers therein, be it further enacted, That the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men, serving in the said Militia, shall, when embodied or called out for annual Exercise, or when ordered out by the said Commissioners, or by the Lord Mayor for tf)e Time being, or other Magistrates, as herein after directed, or in any Manner be in actual Service within the City of London or Liberties thereof, be allowed, in lieu of-Quarters, at the Rate of one Shilling and nine Pence per Week each Man, to provide Lodging, in Addition to their Pay: Provided always, that if it shall appear that any or either of the said Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, or Fifers, have not actually and bona fide resided within the said City, or within one Mile thereof, according to the Provisions of this Act, then and in such Case such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, shall not be entitled to the said Allowance, or to any Part thereof.

XXXV. And for the better and more speedy Execution of the Premises, be it further eoadled, That the said Commissioners shall be and are hereby required to appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers* Clerk or Clerks, for receiving and paying such Monies as shall be received or levied by virtue of this Act, and of all which Receipts and Disbursements the said Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks* are once in every Year to give their Accounts in Writing, and upon Oath, to the said Commissioners, which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer; and that a Duplicate of the said Account, so far as the same relates to the Receipts and Disbursements of the Trophy Tax by the said Commissioners, be annually certified on Oath, and delivered by the said Clerk or Treasurer to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled, previous to the making of any new Rate or A fie Ament erf the Trophy Tax. .:. ..ux; .!' - >;

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, "That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as shall be fauslattory to the said Commissioners. <. rsHflj

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual Invasion, or upon imminent Danger thereof, and mail Cases of Rebellion or Insurrection, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, (ffie Occasion being first communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then fitting or in being,) to order and direct the said Commissioners with all convenient Speed to draw out and embody the la d Militia, or such Part as Majesty (h 11 in his Wisdom judge necessary, and in such Manner as shall be bell adapted to the Circumstances of the Danger; and the Officers, Non-commissi >ned Officers, Drummers, bifers, and Private Men of the said Uilitia shall from the Time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall

61 and liable to all the Provisions contained in any Act of

Parliament

by his Majesty's Orders be difcmbouled, be fuoje

4k»

D.1796

tricesimo sexto

C. 9

389

His Majesty within twelve Months from patting this Act may draw out the Militia;

and when drawn out to be entitled to the same Fay as other Regiments of Footj and the Non-commissioned

When drawn out, his Majesty may put one Regiment under the Command Of General Officers, to be led to a certain D.f-tance.

Commissioners may appoint an Agent.

Parliament which shall be then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and the'r Quarters, and such Ad: shall be in Force with respect to the said Militia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men, in all Cases whatsoever. !

XXXVIII. And whereas the Militia of this Kingdom is now drawn out and embodied,’ be k therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, at any Time within twelve Calendar Months from and after the passing of this Act, to draw out and embody the said Militia of the City of London, or such Part thereof as his Majesty shall in his Wisdom judge necessary, iubjc& to the Restrictions and Regulations herein after directed; and from the Time of their being so drawn out and embodied, and until they shall by his Majesty's Orders be disembodied, the Officers, Non-commi ffioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Piivaie Men of the said Militia, shall be subject and liable to the same Penalties as are herein-before directed in other Cases when the said Militia shall be embodied.

XXXIX. And be it further emdbd, That, from the Date of his Majesty's Warrant so; the embodying and drawing out the said Militia into actual Service, and until they shall be disembodied by his Majesty's Orders, the Officers, Non commissioned Officers, and Private Men of the same, shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers, Non-commi ffioned Officers, and Private Men of his Majesty *s other Regiments of Foot receive, and no other; and if any No;i-commissioned Officer or Private Man of the said Militia shall be maimed or wounded in actual Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit oCbelfea Hospital with any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man belonging to*any of his Majesty's Forces.

Officers and Privates to Chelsea Hospital:

XL. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia shall be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, i-t shall be lawful for his Majesty to put one Regiment of the said Militia under the Command of such General Officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said Regiment to be led, by its respective Officers, for the repelling and preventing of any Invasion, and for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Infur region, to any Place not exceeding the Distance of twelve Miles from the said City, or to the ne a re ft Place of Encampment beyond the said Distance of twelve Miles; and the other Regiment shall remain in the City of London, or the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, for the Defence of the said City and Liberties and Suburbs.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia shall be embodied or drawn out into actual Service, and during the Time they shall continue in actual Service, the said Commissioners may appoint an Agent to the said Militia, and the said Commissioners shall take Security from such Agent.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every Militia Man, being sworn in and inrolled, and every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, and Fifer, raised by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of the said two several Adb, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better ordering the said Militia, shall be subject to every Clause, Provision, Matter, and Thing, contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and jre-during into one Act of Parliament the Lous relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, as far as relates to the Penalties and Punishments of Militia Men, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for not attending the Annual Exercise, for deferring during it, for not appearing when ordered to be embodied, for inlisting into the Army, or offering so to inlist, or inlisting into any other Militia; or for felling or pawning their Arms, Accoutrements, or Cloaths, or neglecting or refusing to return them in good Order, and shall be proceeded against in Manner directed by the said Act; and all Provisions and Directions in the said Act, for the Apprehension and Pursuit of Deserters, shall be deemed to extend to this Act, and the said Militia Men shall be entitled to the same Bounty, when ordered to march to any Encampment, by His Majesty Orders, as is granted by the said Act to other Militias, on being marched out of their respective Counties; and every Person having served in the said Militia, when embodied and drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may let up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place in Great Britain, as directed by the said Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia, or any Part thereof, having been so embodied and drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid, shall be again disembodied, and the Officers and Private Men thereof dismissed to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men, shall be subject only to the same Orders, Directions, and Engagements as they are made subject to under this Act, before being so embodied and drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid. 4 .

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That for defraying the necessary Charges of Pay, Cloathing, Tro-ph es, and other incidental Expences of the said Militia, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to raise and levy in every Year, to commence and be computed from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, the Proportion of one Month’s Tax, amounting to four thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, which the said City hath been uled to pay, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the thuteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, and the said Commissioners Dull be accountable for the same, and in Addition thereto the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the said City shall, and he is hereby required to issue and pay annually to the Treasurers appointed by the said Commissioners, upon his producing an Order of the Court of Lieutenancy for that Purpose, signed by nine Commissioners, so much Money as Dull be necessary, in Aid of the Trophy Tax, towards the Expence of training, exeiciling, paying, employing, and keeping in Readiness,

Militia Men subji& to 26 Geo. III. Cap. 107. as lor as relates to Penalties lor not attending Annual Exercise, for ikfcrting,.

Married Militia Men may setup in any Part of Great Britain.

Militia when d; fembodied liable only to the Orders they were subject tos before drawn out*

How the Pay, &c. of the Militia is to be defrayed.

390

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

Actnot to affect the Trophy Tax commencing Christmas

I79X.

The Commif-missioners may order the Militia, whin not embodied, tube trained and reviewed, and to be kept in Rea-diness to be put under the Orders of the Lord Mayor or Magistrates; who may call the Whole or Part out for the Suppression of Riots 3

in which Case a

Court of Lieutenancy is to be summoned, to whom the Rca-fons for so do -ing are to be reported.

If a sufficient Number of Commissioners to make a Court Shall not attend, fresh Summons to be issued.

Penalty on Militia Men for not appearing when oal. out by the Commissioners, the, Lord Mayor, or magistrates.

C. 92.

A.D. 1796.

the said Militia, and other incidental Expences relating thereto; and the Receipt of the said Treasurer, indorsed on the said Order, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Receiver General for the Money so to be issued and paid by him.

XLV. Provided always, That any Thing in this Act contained shall not extend to annul or affect the Rate or Assessment of the Trophy Tax heretofore made, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrant for raifmgthe Tax for one Year, commencing from Ch;i/lmas one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or so much thereof as now remains uncollected, or not accounted for to the said Commissioners.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia shall not be embodied, according to the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, when and so often as it shall seem to them requisite and necessary, to order the Serjeants, Corporals, and Privates of the said two Regiments, or either of them, or so many of them as to the said Commissioners may leem expedient, to be put in Possession of their Cloaths, Arms, and Accoutrements, and to be inspected, trained, and reviewed so often as the said Commissioners shall think fit and necessary, and with their proper Officers, or such Officers as they shall appoint, to be kept in constant Readiness to be put under the Orders of the Lord Mayor, or any three or more of the Magistrates of the said City, who shall have Power and Authority to call out the Whole of the said Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, and Privates, or any Part of them, for the Suppression of Riots, or any other Duty for which they may be required, for the better Preservation of the Peace of the said City. r ,:

XLVII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful, in case of any sudden Emergency, for the said Lord Mayor, or any three or more of the Magistrates of the City of London for the Time being, by an Order in Writing to the Colonel or Colonels, or Commanding Officers, of both or either of the said Regiments, to call out the Whole of the said Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, and Privates, or any Part of them, for the Suppression of any Riots or Tumults, or for the more effectually guarding against the same, and ta order the said Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, and Privates, to be put into Possession of their Cloaths, Arms, and Accoutrements, for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Colonel or Commanding Officer, upon Receipt of the said Order, shall immediately obey the same to the best of his Power, and appoint a proper Commanding Officer to command and lead forth the said Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Privates, so called out by the said Order: Provided that in any such Case it shall be incumbent upon the said Lord Mayor, within twenty-four Hours after the making and fending of such Order, to summon and hold a Court of Lieutenancy, and to such Court, or to the first Court that shall be holden after the making and issuing such Order, the Lord Mayor, or the Magistrates making and issuing such Order, shall report his or their Proceedings, and Reasons for calling out of the said Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, and Privates, or such Part of them as may have been so called out, and the said Court shall thereupon make such further Order therein, with respect to the continuing out or calling in the said Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, or Privates, or such of them as may have bee'n called out as aforesaid, as they shall deem expedient: Provided that in case a sufficient Number of his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy shall not assemble to make a Court within the said twenty-four Hours, that then and in that Case the said Lord Mayor shall issue forth a frefti Summons to hold a Court within twenty-four Hours after the ifiuingfucn fresh Summons, and in case the said Court shall not assemble within the said next twenty-four Hours, that then and in that Case the said Lord Mayor shall continue to issue a fresh Summons once in every twenty-tour Hours, until a sufficient Number of Commissioners of Lieutenancy shall have assembled to make a Court of Lieutenancy; and that in the meantime and until the assembling and holding the said Court, it shall be lawful (or the said Lord Mayor, in case the Order was issued by or from the Lord Mayor, or if issued by three or more Magistrates, then by the Magistrates who issued such Order, to continue out on Duty, or to difmil's the said Commanding Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Privates, or so many of them as he or they shall think expedient; and the said Officers and Men, when (o called out in either Case as aforesaid, and those who shall by the said Commissioners be put in Possession of their Cloaths, Arms, and Accoutrements, to be kept in constant Readiness as aforesaid, shall be subject to the Penalties and Provisions of any Act that shall be then in Force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to be entitled to the same Pay as when assembled for their Annual Exercise.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Militia Man who shall not appear when called out by the said Commissioners, or Lord Mayor, or any three or more Magistrates as aforesaid, for the Suppression of Riots, or any other Duty for the Preservation of the Peace of the said City, within the Times hereafter mentioned, after Notice shall have been given or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, shall be subject to the following Penalties; (that is to fayj every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, and h ifer, who shall not appear at the Place, and within two Hours of the Time appointed by the said Notice, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, if not within four Hours five Pounds, and if not within lix Hours, to be deemed a Deserter, and proceeded against as such; and that every Private Man in the said Militia, who shall be receiving Pay at the Time of being so ordered out, who shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose within two Hours of the Time appointed by the said Notice, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, and if not within four Hours, fifty Shillings, and if not within six Hours, to be deemed a Deserter, and proceede d against as such; and that every Private Man of the said Militia, who shall not be receiving Pay at the Time of being lo ordered out, who shall not appear at the Time and £lace appointed by the said Notice, (hah forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings, and if not within twelve Hours twenty Shillings, and if not within twenty-four Hours, to be deemed a Defer ter, and proceeded aganrft as such: Provided always, that no Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced against any such Private Militia Man not receiving Pay at the Time of being called out as aforesaid, without the Order of the said Court of Lieutenancy.

7 XLIX. And

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Geor g 11 III.

C. 92. 391

1 9 *. Jg — S

XLIX. And in order that the Families of Persons serving in the said Militia may have the Relief herein after directed, be it further enacted, That the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Councilmen of each of the said Wards, or the major Part of them, shall divide the Quota of Men raised in each Ward, whether the same shall have been raised by the said Aldermen, Deputy, or Common Councilmen, or the major Part of them, or by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, amongst the Parishes within such Wards, and specify for which Parish each Man serves, in order that the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish may be resorted to for defraying the Expences of providing for the Families of such Persons serving in the Militia as may become entitled to Relief, in Manner as by this AiEl directed; and in case the Aldermen, or Deputy, and Common Councilmen of either or any of the said Wards, or the major Part of them, shall omit or neglect to divide the said Quotas of Men among the Parishes in such respective Wards, in Manner herein-before directed, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required,- authorized, and empowered, to make such Division for such Ward or Wards, and to order the Parish or Parishes for which such JFVrfon or Persons shall be allotted to serve, to be entered upon the Roll herein-before directed to be provided for the Inrclment of the said Militia Men, in order that the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Parishes.may be resorted to for defraying the Expences of providing for the Families of such Persons, serving in the said Militia, as may become entitled to Relief, in Manner as by this Act is directed; and the Cleric of the said Commissioners is hereby required to deliver to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parishes and Liberties of the said City, from Time to Time, Lilts of the said Men that are allotted to such Parishes and Liberties as aforesaid.

L. 4 Whereas the Families of Persons serving in the said Militia, when embodied and called into actual c Service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the Parishes or Liberties whereunto they are allotted, by the Regulation of this Act, and the Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers,

serving the iein, when embodied and called into actual Service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the Parish to which they belong, and it is necessary Provision should be made for such Families-,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person serving in the said Militia, or any Person serving in the Room or Place of any Man originally inrolled to serve therein, or any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, serving the rein, shall, when embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march, leave a Family unable to support themselves, the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Liberty, Tything, or Township, where the Family of such Militia Man shall dwell, shall, by the Order of some one Justice of the Peace, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Liberty, Tything, or Township, pay to such Family such weekly Allowance as to such Justice shall seem expedient, not exceeding the ordinary Price of one Day’s Labour, for each and every Child born in Wedlock, anti under the' Age of ten Years, and for the Wife of such Militia Man, whether she shall or shall not have any Child or Children, and provided she does not follow the Regiment; and in every Parish, Liberty, Tything, or Township, where the Money arising by such Rates shall not be sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, a new Rate or Rates shall be made for raising a Sum sufficient for that Purpose; and in case any such Militia Man shall not be allotted to the Parish or Liberty where his Family shall dwell, or the Family of any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, shall not belong to the Parish, Liberty, Tything, or Township, where such Family shall dwell at the Time of marching as aforesaid, then every such Weekly Allowance shall be forthwith reimbursed to the Overseer or Overseers of such Parish, Liberty, Tything, or Township, by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, on his or their producing and leaving with the said Treasurer a Certificate of the Order of the Justice allowing such Relief, which Certificate the said Justice is hereby required to grant accordingly. -

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in such Cases in which the said Treasurer shall reimburse to any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor oi any Parish, Liberty, Tything, Township, or Vill, any Sum or Sums of Money, paid in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, on Account of the Weekly Allowance to the Family of any of the Persons aforesaid, serving in the said Militia, who shall not be allotted or belong to the Parish or Liberty where such Family shall dwell, the Money so reimbursed by the said Treasurer shall be repaid him by the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish or Liberty to which such Militia Man shall be allotted or belong, and the said Treasurer shall lay an Account of the Monies so paid by him before the Justices of the Peace for the said City, at their next General or Quarter Sessions, for their Allowance thereof, and the said Justices shall, and they are hereby required to allow the same accordingly, and forthwith to make an Order for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Liberty to which such Militia Man shall bealr lotted or belong, to make good the same to the said Treasurer out of the Poor’s Rates of such Parish* or Liberty, and all Payments so made by such Overseer or Overseers, in pursuance of such Order or Orders of such Justice or Justices, shall be allowed and passed in their respective Accounts.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall, on Demand made in pursuance of any Order of any justice or Justices of the Peace, to be granted in either Case as aforesaid, for the Payment of any Sum of Money, and after the producing of the said Order to him, refuse or negleift, to pay and satisfy the Sum or Sums of Money directed to be paid in or by such Order, every such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor so refusing or neglecting to make such Payment, shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit and pay any Sum nor exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party accuied, before ihejustice making such Order, or any other Justice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, which said Justice is hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and to examine into the Matter *-36 Geo. III. 3 E 1 of

The Alderman, tcc. to divide the Quota of Men amon^ft the Parishes, and specify for which each serve*, that die Parish Officer* may be resorted to for defraying the Expences t i their families. Arc.

If Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, or Privates, when ordered to march, shall leave Families behind them, the Overseers, by Order of a Justice, to reJievr them weekly out of the Poor Rates.

Treasurer to the Commissioners to re-

imburse Parish Officers, if the Men are not allotted to the Parish where the Family dwells, &c.

Treasurer to le

reimbursed by the Parish to which the Men are allotted.

i -

Penalty of xol. on'Parish Officers frr not paying Money ordered by Jul'- tiecs, which may be levied by Distress.

392

C. Q 2.

iimo sexto

A.D. 1796.

Application cf

[Penalty.]

Appeal may be nude to the Quarter sessions, who may finally determine the Matter and award Costs.

of ha£ls, and upon due Proof thereof as aforesaid to give Judgment for such Penalty, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, by War-. rant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, causing the Overplus, if any, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to be rendered to the Party; and the Penalty so adjudged shall be paid, one Moiety therec f to the Party aggrieved, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by any such Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Payment of any such Sum of iYlon/y as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division, City, or Place, where any Demand, in pursuance of such Order, shall be made as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices, at such Sessions, to award and order, wncre they shall see Occasion, the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money, which fuel) Appellant, as Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, ought to have paid in pursuance of such Order made by virtue of this Act, and hath neglected to pay, in Manner aforesaid; and in every such Case the said Justices, at the said General or Quarter Sessions, may award and order to the Party for whom and in whose Behalf such Appeal shall be determined, or to whom Notice of Appeal shall have been given, such Costs and Charges in the Law as they shall think reasonable: Provided always, that the respective Allowances, which may be made as aforesaid to the Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers, and of Persons serving in the said Militia, shall not occasion such Families to be removeable, or compelled to be sent to any Workhouse or Poor House* nor shall such Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers, and Private Men, serving in the said Militia* be thereby deprived of their legal Settlements elsewhere, nor of their Right of voting for the Ele&iun of Members to serve in Parliament. < I

Allowances to Families not to compel them to be sent to Workhouses, nor to deprive the Husbands of their legal

Settlements or Right of voting for Members of Parliament

Adjutants to have the same Allowances as in other Regi-, merits.

Serjeants may receive their Allowance on the Establishment of Chelsea.

Non-commissioned Officers and Drummefs entitled to the

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutants appointed or to be appointed to the said Militia, who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Services, shall be entitled to the (arne Provision as is allowed to other Adjutants of Militia, determined by any Act that now is or hereafter shall be in force for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England; and that any Person being a Serjeant on the Establishment of Chelsea at an Allowance of twelve Pence per D$y, and being appointed to serve in the said Militia, shall and may receive the said Allowance of twelve Pencep<?r Day, together with his Pay from the said Militia, in like Manner as in other Militia Forces; and any Person who shall have served as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in the said Militia, who shall be discharged for Age or Infirmity, shall, on a Recommendation from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which he belongs, and a Court of the said Commissioners, be equally entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital with the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, of the otaer Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

Benefit of Chelsea Hhospital

Acceptanccof

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commissionin the said Militia shall not vacate Commissions the $eat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament: and that no Person being an Officer in the said Seatf inertia- Militia shall be compelled to serve the Office of Sheriff.

ment. Officers not liable to serve as Sheriff's.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer or Private Militia Man of the kid Militia shall be liable to any Penalty or Punfthment, for or on Account of his Absence during the Time he shall be going to vote at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the Time he shall be returning from such Election.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of each Regiment shall and is hereby required, as often as the said Regiment shall be called out to Annual Exercise, as before directed, to return to the said Commissioners a true State of such Regiment; and in case the Colonel or Commanding Officer of either or both Regiments shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of tbiee Calendar Months after the said Annual Exercise, so to do, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

Men who are Voters, not punishable for going to Elections.

A State of the Regimentwhen called out to Annual Exercise, to be returned to the Commissioners on Penalty of 100l.

No Serjeant/'

Ac. compellable to serve as a Peace or ParUh Officer, or in the Navy.

24 Geo. II.

Cap. 44. to extend to the

men,f Comm if- ^arrants, shall extend to the said Mayor and Aldermen, and also to his Majesty's said Commissioners, md sioners, AffVflT- the Assessors and Collectors, in the Execution of this Act, or any ocher which relates to t.iC fa:d Militia, ©rs, and Col- - in like Manner and as fully and effectually as the same extends to Justices of the Peace acting ui the Execu-

twftore. tien of their Office. TZ' *1T

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, of the said Militia, or any Private Man, from the Time of his lnrolment until he shall be regularly discharged from the said Militia, shall be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer* or to serve in any of his Majesty's Sea Forces., u.Mii

t

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace

more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Con ft ables and others a fling in Obedience to their Wjrrants, shall extend to the said Mayor and Aldermen, and also to his Majesty's salt

10

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. 393

...on an'y Court Martial Officer* of other than Militia Forces,

r /, Ctonly 011

oices, fit on any Court rri^'o[ officers and Sol-dices of ether Militia Regiments, &c,

LXI. And, in order that the Rights and Privileges of the City of London may not be infringed, ba it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not diminish or be prejudicial to the Rights, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions, to which the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London^ or the Freemen Citizens or Inhabitants c.f the said City, or the Suburbs and Liberties ct the same, or of all privileged Places within the Limits and Precincts thereof, as well within the Liberties

Aft not to pi c<

judice the Rights uf the City.

a a.

to

tnd Exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner as if this Act had not been made.

LXII. And whereas the said Militia being an Amendment or Regulation of the ancient Trained Bands of the City of London/ be it enacted, That the said Militia already raised, and to be rdifed by virtue of this Act, dial) possess and enjoy all and singular the Rights and Privileges which were possessed and enjoyed by the ancient Trained Bands of the City of London, and which are not vaiied, altered, or taken away by this Act. —

LXIII. And be it f jrther enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be recoverable by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence beforcthe Mayor or any other Magistrate of the said City, or any Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Didress and Sale of the Offender’* Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor, Magistrate, or other Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Didress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been fodidrained and fold, and for Want of sufficient Didress the said Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice is hereby required, in all Cases (when no particular Time of Commitment is by this Act directed) to commit such Offender to Prison where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, (had id to the Treasurer appointed by the said Commissioners, to be applied for the general Purposes of this

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Didress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money

levied by virtue of this Act, the Didress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties

making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on Account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab init.o, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done or committed by the Party or Parties didraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the fpc-cial Damage by an Action on the Case, m

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Rate or Assessment, nor any Order to be made, or Proceeding to be had, or any other Matter or T hing to be done, transacted in, or relating to the Execution of this Act, by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or by his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the Time being, or the Assessors or Collectors acting under the Authority of this Act, or by the Court of Quarter Sessions of the said City, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: rro\ided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, Trespass* or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made by or on the Behalf of the Party 9r Parties, who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such 'Fender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where any such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, or Order and Judgments, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had there^ upon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any Action or Sait, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants (hatthave appeared, or if on Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the De-

1 i 3 E t fendant

Militia to erjoy the Rights of thr Trained Hands.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

not unlawful for Want of Form,

No Rate or Proceeding to bequalhcd for Want of Form, or removeable by Certiorari, &c.

Limitation of Actions.

4

[General Issue.]

394

Treble Costs*

rttfflic Ad.

i I

c. 93

IOI.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

fendantor Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by Law. ‘

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall he deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without

specially pleading the same.

0 %9*

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to amend and fender more effectual an Act made in the thirty-first Year of His present Majesty for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan^ and for making Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles.

[14th May 1796.]

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from West End to Botley, in the County of Southampton.

[18th May 1796.]

CAP. XCV.

An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the IVanvick and Braunston Canal Navigation to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the Act made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.—

[18th May 1796.]

CAP. XCVI.

died in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma-naintaining a Navigable Ca?ialfrom the River Severn, at Shrewl-y, *wcr Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain collateral Cuts from the said, intended Canal; and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Course of the said Canal and collateral Cuts between Ruabon and Chester, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and collateral Cuts to communicate therewith.

[18th May 1796.]

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to enable His Majesty, in Right of his Dutchy of Lancaster y to make a Grant of certain Lands,

for the Purpose of carrying into Execution an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Kirkby Ren-dal. in the County of Westmorland. to Weft rfouehton. in the Counts Palatine of Lancaster, and also

I

County Palatine of Lancaster.

May

or near Warton Cragg, and or near Duxbury, in tie said

Cap. Kevin.

An Act for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving tive Haven of the Town and Port

of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln.—f 18th May 1796.]

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving certain low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Everton, Scqftworthy Gringley on the Hilly Miftcrtony and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham.

[18th May 1796.]

CAP. C.

An Act for draining and improving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting certain Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, called Maryland Smeeth and MarshlandFeny lying within the Country of Mar]hlaniy in the County of Norfolk, and for Hinting and regulating the Stocking, Feeding, and Depasturing

and Allotment thereof.

[18 th May

CAP. CI.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Morton, IValkerithy East Stockwith, Bliton, Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilbamy in the County of Lincoln.

[18th May 1796.]

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 102

104

395

c

CAP. CII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies within the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln.

[18th May 1796.]

CAP. CIII.

An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Martin Outwich, in Threadneedle Street, within the City of London.

[18th^7y 1796.]

CAP. CIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a pottery*.

[8th May 1796.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, have freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of seven hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, to be raised by a Lottery, to consist of sixty thousand Tickets, at thirteen Pounds each, in such Manner as is herein after directed and appointed: And whereas, pursuant to and upon the several Terms. and Conditions expressed in the said Resolution, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of seven hundred and eighty thou-fana Pounds, and made Deposits with the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank. of England, of one Pound and ten Shillings in respect of every such Ticket, your faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,* &c.

All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the Resolution of the House of Commons, are required ro pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Cashier to give Security, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to nay all Monies received into the Exchequer.

Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. coo, oooo/., the 44 Amount of the Prizes, to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Managers and Directors of a the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books prescribed. Managers to examine the Books, with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the same.- Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed 'Pickets, with an Account of Money received and paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the Middle Co- lumns to be rolled upland fattened with Thread or Silk; and cut offendentwife into a Box marked with the Letter (vtf), and put into another Box, to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with two Columns, 44 on each of which 6o,ooooTickets are to be printed. Tickers in the outermost Column of the last mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a Box marked with the Letter (B), tsfe. Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb, 6, 1797.* Number of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjutted by the Managers. 44 Forging Tickets made F'elony. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering Persons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and 50l. Reward. No Attainder for any of the Offences against this Act shall make any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Disherison of Heirs. Managers to be fworq. Cashier may receive the Sums subsenbed, before receiving the Lottery Book; giving a Note for the same; which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 13l. paid. After June 3, 1706, the Cashier may deliver Tickets not cx-. ceeding in Value Half of the Sum actually subscribed; and shall give Receipts for the Residue of such Sums, after deducting the Value of the Ticketsfo delivered. Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit their Deposits, and the Tickets to be returned to the Managers, &c. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, as they shall think fit. The 500,000l. for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on July 1, 1797. Managers to giv? Notice of the Times for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c, and signed,* 14 &Y. Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to defray the incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act. No Fee.to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution Monies, for Receipts, tfr. on Penalty of 20l. No Person to takedown the Numbers of the Tickets at the Time of drawing, unless employed as a Clerk, or licensed so to do. Persons fb licensed, to receive from the Stamp Office 14 Numerical Books, which shall be stamped on every Leaf. Commissioners to grant such Licences only 14 on Account of licensed Lottery Offices. Unlicensed Persons taking down or publishing the Numbers of 41 rickets drawn, life, to forfeit 5l. On Complaint, the Magistrates of London may grant Warrants for 41 apprehending Offenders. Persons in the actual Commission of such Offence may be apprehended by any 11 Person, and carried before a Magistrate, who may commit the Offender if Penalty be not paid. In-« formers and Constables entitled to the Penalties. Persons summoned as Witnesses not appearing, to forfeit a jo/. Form of Conviction. Penalty may be mitigated. Convictionsnot removeable. Commissioners m shall not be required to grant a Licence for dealing in Lottery Tickets, unlefe it shall appear that the Party is

Manner in which Actions for Penalties rtull be commenced.

Where the Amount of the Penalties sued for is not inferred in the Writs, the Defendant to be served with a Copy of the Process, fee#

Offenders adjudged Rogues and Vagabonds may be committed.

Proceedings not removeable i.y Certiorari.

C. 104,105. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

u of good Character and Reputation, and able to answer the Penalty required by Law, and he shall have *4 deposited a certain Number of Tickets, &c, Persons to whom Licences are granted, to give Rond agreeably to tz Geo. III. Cap. 47. At the End of 12 Months after Expiration of Licences, the Coni- missioners may give up Bonds or put them in Suit. Licences of Persons neglecting to deposit or divide into Shares 50 T ickets, to be void; and the Defaulters to be published in the Gazette,&c. In Cases where Licences under 22 Geo. III. Cap. 47. are declared void, in such Cases Licences granted after the Commencement of this Act shall be void for Offences against this Act, or 27 Geo. III. Qit>. 1. Licences may be refused to Persons convicted. Persons continuing on their Houses the Warns Lictv.Jrd, 44 &c. after Expiration of their Licences, 6jV. to forfeit 20l. Executors, i$e. may be authorized to carry on Business for the Resdiueof the Terms of Licences. No 1 ickets to be divided into any other Shares than Halves, Quarters, Eighths, and Sixteenths, on Penalty of 50l. Application and Recovery osse- nalties. Form of Shares of Tickets. Persons counterfeiting Shares, &c. guilty of E'elony. Persons pre- paring or having in their Custody any Register or Lift of Tickets but as herein particularized; orkeep- ing any Place for examining Tickets, by any other than such List, ifc. to forfeit 50l. On Complaint on Oath of Offences against 27 Geo III. Cap. 1. whereby the Parties may be liable to Punishment as Rogues, 44 Justices may authorize Persons tobreak open Houses, &c. Persons discovered in such Houses concerned in carrying on illegal Transactions, to be punished as Rogues, and may be arrested, fcrV. Penalty cn Persons obstructing Officers. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal Trans- actions, to be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not

be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to commence or enter, or cause or procure to be commenced or entered, or filed or prosecuted, any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties inflicicd by any of the Laws touching or concerning Lotteries, or by this Act, link is the same be commenced, entered, hied, and prosecuted, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, if such Offence shall be committed in England, or in the Name of his Majesty's Advocate General in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, if such Offence shall be committed in Scotland\ and if any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be commenced or entered in any other Person’s Name or Names than as is before mentioned, the same, and all Proceedings thereupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void, and the said Court or Courts, where such Proceedings shall be so commenced, shall cause the same to be staid; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary noiwith-standing. 1 j > j

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Writ or Process shall issue against any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties for any Offence committed against any Law touching or concerning Lotteries, or against this Act, and the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties sued for, shall not be inserted therein, or no Affidavit thereof shall be made or filed according to the Directions of the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Plaintiff or Informer shall not proceed to arrest the Body or Bodies of the Defendant or Defendants, but it shall be lawful to serve him or them personally with a Copy of the Process, and to proceed therein in like Manner as in Cases of Debt, where the Cause of Action does not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds in the said Courts respectively; any Thing in the said last mentioned Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be brought before any two or more Justices of the Peace, and shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against the said Act of the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, by such Justices, whereby such Person shall bead-judged a Rogue and a Vagabond, then, and in every such Case, such Justices shall, and they are hereby required to order such Offender to be sent to the House of Chrredlion, there to remain for any Space of Time, not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than one Month, and until the final Period of the Drawing of the Lottery, in respect whereof such Offence shall be committed; and such Proceedings shall not be subject to Appeal nor shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or other wise, into any Court whatever.

General Blue. Treble Costs."

CAP. CV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid so

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the NatioaafDebt.

[18th May 1796.]

397

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 106, 107

CAP. CVI.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An, JR to amend an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda I/l(inds in Foreign Ships; and for reducing the Bounty on Re fined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships.

[18th May 1796.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty intituled, An Act for regulating

the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Suzar, and for permitting the Importation of Suzar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships \ and for re- ducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships And whereas it is expedient to alter the Pciiods at which the Average Prices of Sugar shall he taken during the present Year Be it therefore enactedbv the King* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as provides, that if on the twenty-third Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Average Price of Brown or Mtifcovado Sugar, taken in the Manner directed by an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall not exceed the Price therein mentioned, that then and in such Case the Drawback and Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar should not be paid and allowed, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

Geo. III. Cap. no recited.

So much of recited Act as provides, that if, on Auf. a 17 6, the Average Price of

Brown Sir'ar ftnll not exceed a certain Price, the Drawback and Bounty should notbe paid, repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if on the twenty-third Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and on the twenty-third Day of February, twenty-third Day of August, and twenty-third Day of October, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, taken in the Manner directed by the said Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for theiix Weeks preceding, shall not exceed sixty-five Shillings for an Hundred We'ght, exclusive of the Duty of Customs paid or payable thereon, on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, then and in such Case the Drawback and Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar shall be paid and allowed; any Tiling in the said recited Act: or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of this Act shall have Continuance until and upon the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

And if the Average Price shall not at the Periods herein mcn^ tior.cd exceed 65 s. per Cwt, thi- Drawback and Bounty to be paid.

[Continuance of Act.]

CAP. CVII.

An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain coveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and provements in Navigation and for making Experiments relating thereto.

Dif-

Im-

[18th May 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, jo Geo. III.

An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discov cries for Cap. 14. and finding the Longitude at Sea, or making stner useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea; the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea were empowered, whenever they should be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals ihat should be made to them for discovering the said Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy; and also in case they should adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, though not of so great L!fe as to be entitled to any of the great Rewards specified in an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of me Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for the Repeat of all former Arts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to 14 Geo. lir. the Anointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as relate to the Cap. 66. n-conjlrulttngl printing, publishing, vending, and licensing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other ujejul Tables; ClU4i* and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as Jh all difeovtr a Method for finding the same, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the better making Exper meats relating thereto; yet that the said Discovery was of considerable Use to the Public, or to have m.<de any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation, to certify Inch Ids Reward, c* Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude IhoaU think reasonable, to be paid to such Personor Persons; and the Commissioners of the N,vy were thereby authorized and required to make out BilL upon the Treasurer of me Navy for tuch Sums so certi-

1 sted, who was thereby authorized to pay the same immediately to such Person 01 Persons; And whereas

3-98

Commissioners of Longitude to certify the Probability of Suc-cefs of any Proposal for Dif-covery of the Longitude. Sec*

mS w

and the Reward, to the Commissioners of the Navy,

who are to make -it a Bill upon the Treasurer f«r the Money.

Sums paid not tnr exceed joocl., and to be paid agreeably to 14 Geo. JJI. Cap. 66.

33 Geo. H. Cap. 17. fob encouraging the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, continued to Sept. 19, 1799, *c.

9 Geo. II. Cap. 37 for encouraging tke Manufacture of British Sail

G. 107, 108. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

by reason of several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy to several Persons in pursuance of the Directions of the said nrft mentioned Act, the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude have expended the Sum of five thousand Pounds granted by the said Act for the Purposes aforesaid:. And 4* whereas the continuing the said Encouragement and Rewards for the Purposes mentioned in the said firrt mentioned Act will contribute to the Advantage of Trade, and to the Honour of this Kingdom: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude, and they have hereby full Power and Authority, whenever they shall be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them for the discovering the said Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy, and also in case they shall adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though not of so great Use as to be entitled to any of the great Rewards specified in the said Act of the fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, yet that the said Discovery is of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for such Sum or Sums as shall be so certified to them by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude; and the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby authorized and required to pay immediately such Sum or Sums to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude to make such Experiments, or to receive such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, for making letter Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or any other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, out of any Monies which shall be in his the said Treasurer’s Hands unapplied to the Use of the Navy.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and in rewarding, in a lesser Degree, lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, do not all together exceed the Sum of five thousand Pounds: Provided also, that such Sum or Sums shall be certified, and such Bills shall be made out, and Payment thereof made, in such Manner, and under the same Regulations and Provisions, as are in and by the said Act of the fourteenth Year of His present Majesty prescribed, with regard to the Sum of five thousand Pounds by the said Act made applicable to the Encouragement and Reward of such Person or Persons as should make lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or make other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the better making of Experiments relating thereto. V. A.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to continue several Laws, therein mentioned, relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported, to

Securing, the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails

with a Duty; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Z?ri7//&-made Cordage.

[18th May 1796.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

and are near expiring ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the tvue'ftk Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making ef Sail Cloth in Great Britain,’ which was to continue in Force until the twenty-ninth Day. of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by three Acts made in the eighth, fourteenth, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day ©iSeptember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture ^British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom> which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day olfune one thousand seven hundred

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 109, 110.

and thirty-six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the thirteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of His said Majesty's Reign, and the fourth, twelfth, eighteenth, and twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with one complete Set of Sails, made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the twenty-sixth and shirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the sixth, fourteenth, twenty-second, and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same it hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of 1&i\i\fh-made Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign rough Hemp exported, which was to be in Force from the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, during the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended, and further continued for the Term of three Years; and which, by another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so far as the same relates to allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of British-made Cordage; and which, by another Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was revived, amended, and further continued for the further Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the further Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next beilion of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued for the further Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CIX.

An Act further to continue an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the tituled. An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in certain cases.

[18th May 1796.]

u 33 III. 4* recited, and continued to Jan. 5, 1797, and to the End of the then next Session.,

Reign of His present Majesty, in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in

CAP. CX.

An Act for permitting the carrying Coastwise of Lime, Lime Stone, Dung, and ocher

Articles of Manure, without taking out Sufferance, Transire, or Lec-pass.

[18th A/ay 1796.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that Lime, Limestones, and other Articles, necessary for the Cultivation W and Improvement of Land, should be removed Coastwise, with as little Expence as possible:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, no Sufferance, Warrant, Transire, or other Document whatever, shall be required by any Officer or Officers of the Customs for or on the shipping, carrying, conveying, removing, or landing Coastwise, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, of any Lime, Li melton e. Chalk, Sand, Marie, or Dung, nor shall any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, be charged, received, or taken, by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, for or on the shipping, carrying, conveying, removing, or landing Coastwise, within the said Kingdom, of any of the said Articles, on any Pretence whatever; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

36 Geo. III. 3 F

399

Cloth as amended by 33 Geo. III. Cap. 49. continued to Sept. *9, 1799, Sc c.

19 Geo. II. Cap. 27. for the more effectual securing the Duties on Foreign-made-Sail Cloth imported, continued to Sept.

*9» 1799» *c*

6 Geo. III.

Cap. 45, so far as relates to granting a Bounty on Exportation of British-made Cordage, continued for four Years.

From June i, 1796, no Sufferance to be required for shipping or landing Coastwise Lime, &c.

CAP

400

A1! C!ontra£s between Journeymen Paptr Makers for advancing their Wages, It (fen-ing their Hours of Work, Sec-declared void.

Journeymen Paper Makers and others enuring into such Cor.tracts, to be committed the Hbufc of

Corrwdion.

Time of working by Vat Men and Dry Workers. -

rendty on

Journeymen taking more Wages, or entering into Combinations to raise Wages,&c.

If any Person shall attend or solicit any Jour-uefmvi Paper Maker to attend any unlawful Meeting* or shall Cubferibe or pay any Sum of Money to support the same,

C. 111

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1756.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Paper Manufactory.

[i8ch May 1796.]

WHEREAS great Numbers of Journeymen Paper Makers, in various Parts of this Kingdom, have lately entered into unlawful Meetings and Combinations to obtain an unreasonable Advanced their Wages, and for other illegal Purports, and the Laws at present in Force against such unlawful Conduct have been found to be inadequate to the Suppression thereof, whereby it is become nccedary that

more effectual Provision should be made against such unlawful Combinations, and for preventing such un-

lawful Practices for the future, and for bringing all Offenders in the Premises to more speedy and exemplary Justice may it therefore please your moss Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and it enacted by the King’s moss Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, all Contracts, Covenants, and Agreements wiutever, in Writing or not in Writing, at any Time or Times heretofore made or entered into, by or between any Journeymen Paper Makers within this Kingdom, for obtaining an Advance of Wages, of them, or any or either if them, or of any other Journeyman or Journeymen, or for leflcnirg their, any or either of their usual Houis or Quantity of Work, or for preventing or hindering any Person or Persons from employing whomlucver he, she, or they shall think proper to employ in his, her, or their aforesaid Business of a Paper Maker, or in any Way whatever to affect any Person or Persons carrying on the said Trade or Business, or in the conducting thereof, shall be, and are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all Intents and Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Journeyman Paper Maker, or any other Person or Persons, shall, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, make, enter into, agree unto, or be concerned in the making of any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, in Writing or not in Writing, in Support of or relative to such Combination as aforesaid, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath or Or.ths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses* before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, upon any Information to be exhibited in Writing, withi. one Month next after the Offence shall have been committed (which Oath the Lid Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), shall, by Order of such Justice or Justices, at his or their Discretion, be committed to the House of Correction within his or their Jurisdiction, there to remain and to be kept to hard Labour for any "Time not exceeding two Calendar Months.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

the Time of working by Journeymen at the Vat upon all Fine, Wove, and Plate Papers, if the Mafkr shall so require, shall be Half an Hour about each Post, twenty of which Ports shall and do make a Day’s Work; and the Dry Worker, Upon all such Fine Papers as aforesaid, if the Marter shall so require it, shall work twelve Hours per Day, allowing an Interval of one Hour thereout to each Journeyman for Refreshment.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Journeyman Paper. Maker who shall enter into any Combination to raise such Wages, or to alter the Hours or Duration of Work, or for any other Purpose contrary to this Act, or who shall, by giving Money, or by any other Means, directly or indirectly, solicit, intimidate, or endeavour to prevent any unnired Journeyman or Journeymen, or other Person or Persons wanting Employment in the manufacturing of Paper, from hiring himrtlf or themselves to any Paper Manufacturer, or shall by any Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, decoy, solicit, intimidate, influence, or prevail, or attempt or endeavour to prevail on any Journeyman Paper Maker, hired or employed, or to be hired or employed in such Manufacture, to quit or leave his or her Service, or shall proscribe, hinder, or prevent, or attempt to proscribe, hinder, or prevent, any Master or Mirtrefs in lhch Art or Mystery from employing whomsoever he, she, or they shall think proper in such Mamifadlorf, or being retained or employed shall refuse to work with any Person whomsoever which any Master or Mif-tress in such Art or Mystery shall think proper to employ, and shall be convicted of any or either of the said Offences, on the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace within any or either of the Districts or Jurisdictions aforesaid where the Offence shall be committed, such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction, in the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months.

V. And, for the more effectual Suppression of all Combinations amongst Journeymen Paper Makers, and other Persons employed in the said Trade, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever (whether employed in the said Trade or not) shall attend any Meeting or Combination by this Act declared to be illegal, or shall summons, give Notice to, or call upon, any Journeyman Paper Maker, or other Person employed in the said Trade, to attend any such unlawful Meeting or Combination, or who shall collect, demand, ask, or receive, any Sum or Sums of Money from any Journeyman Paper Maker or other Person employed in the said Trade for any of the above Purports, or shall persuade, entice, inveigle, or intimidate any Journeyman Paper Maker or other Person employed in the Slid

Trade, to enter into or be concerned in any such Meeting or Combination, or to turn out against, cr quit

C. 111.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

the Service or Employ of the Master or Mistress Paper Maker in whose Service they may be employed, or if any Person or Persons shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money, or make or enter into any Subscription or Contribution whatsoever for or towards the Support or Encouragement of any such illegal Meeting or Combination, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted before any one or more of his Majesty's justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or PI ice wherein such Offence shall be committed, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses* shall for every such Offence be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Corrosion for such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, there to be and remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who shall or nny offend against rhis Act, shall and may, equally with all other Persons, be called upon and compelled to g.r:, an 1 shall g vc his or her Testimony and Evidence as a Witness or Witnesses, upon any Information to be exhibited under this Acton Behalf of the Prosecutor or Informer; and that in all and every such Cdc, he, she, or they f) having given such Testimony or Evidence, shall be, and hereby is and are indemnified of, from, and against, aiy information to be laid or Prosecution to b: commenced against him, her, or them, for having of Fen led, in the Muter wherein such Prosecution or Information, in or relative to which he, she, or they (hill so give Testimony or Evidence, was mad? or brought.

VII. And, for the more effectually enforcing the Purposes of tlvs Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on Complaint being made on Oath to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence committed against this Act within his or their respective Jurisdictions, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and authorized to lilac his or their Summons, to summon the Person or Persons charged w th being an Offender or Offenders against this Act, and also to summon any Witness or Witnesses for any of the Partier, at a certain Time and Place in such Sumrmns to be specified; and if any one so summoned shall not appear on such Summons, or offer foine reasonable Excuse for the Default, then any such Justice or Justices shall issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party so making Default, within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, and upon the Party or Parties complained against appearing, or being brought before any such Justice or Justices on his or their Warrant or Warrants, or in cale the Party or Parties complained against shall not appear to such Summons, being served upon him, her, or them, or left for him, her, or them, at his or their usual Place of Abode, and Proof shall be made thereof by Oath before any such Justice or Justices, then every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to proceed to make Inquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine into the fa me, by thw Oath or Oaths of any credible Person or Persons as shall be requisite, and to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint, and upon ConfeiEon of the Party, or Proof by one credible Witness upon Oath, to commit or acquit the Party or Parties against whom Complaint shall be made; and if any Person or Persons so sum noned to appear as a Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons, and give his, her, or their Evidence or Evidences before him or them, then and in every such Case every such Justice or Justices shall and may issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, for the Commitment of such Person to some Prison in the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Witness or Witnesses shall so make Default, there to remain until such Person or Persons shall submit himself, herlelf, or themselves to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Person shall l;e convicted in Manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect fallowing; (that is to say,)

t

BE it remembered, That on this ----- Day of in the Year of his Majesty's Reign, A.B.

is convict d before-----of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of -

[$r, for the Riding, or Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, ns the Case shall happen to be) for -,

t and ----- the said-----do hereby order and adjudge him [or her] to be committed to the House of

4 Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of - or until he or she shall submit to be examined, as the Case may be, without Bail or Mainprize. Given under ----- the Day and Year

4 -a o csaid."

lie may I*committed forty-# Month*.

Offence is against this to be admitted

Evidence.

Justices cm* powered to summon Offender*, and to hear and deter* mine*

The Form of

Conviction.

And the G d Justice or Justices before whom such a Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same, so drawn up in the Form or to the Effectaforesaid, to b? fairly written upon Parchment, and rransmitted to the n.xt ijeneral Quarter ScdioRS of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein such Conviction was lud, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General (Quarter S:fljons; and in case any Person or Persons so convicted shall appeal in Manner herein after mcn-rionedfrom the JuJg'ncmof the said Justice or Justices to the said General Quarter S/ffians, the Justices in lech General Quarter Sessions are hereby required, upon receiving the said Conviction drawn up in the Form aforesaid, 10 proceed to the Hearing aid Determination of the Matter of the salt! Appeal, according to the Directions of this Act, any Lav.-, Cuttum, or Usag;, to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Cfrtitrari shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this Act k 1

tfourzdJ by

3

upon

if IK

the

402

apprehend Offenders without Summons.

Appeal.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Public Act.]

[Double Costs.]

His Majesty in Council may order Vessels which have belonged to the Enemy, and to

_ ft

C. 111, 112. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

the Informer, to be taken by such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to issue his or their Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, grounded upon such Information so made upon Oath, for the Apprehension and bringing of the Person or Persons offending or alleged to have offended against this Act, before him or them, or any Justice or Justices of the said County there fitting, without any previous Summons being id'utd to the Party so offending, or alleged to have offended, instead and in lieu of issuing of his or their Summons for his Appearance before him or them, to answer the Matters charged by such Information.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of the Justice oijustices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal, at the ime of such Conviction, to the Justices at the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City* Liberty, Town, or Place where such Judgment shall have been given; and that the Execution of the said Judgment shall, in such Case, be suspended, the Person so convicted entering into Recognizance at the Time of such Conviction, with two sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices in their said next General Quarter Sessions, and to pay such Costs as the said Justices in such Sessions shall award on such Occasion, which Recognizance the said Justice and Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by eitheF Party, which Decision shall be final* and if upon the hearing of the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall immediately pay such Costs as the Justices in the said General Quarter Sessions shall award to be paid, for defraying the Expences sustained by the Defendant or Defendants in such Appeal, and shall be committed by the said Justices to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol, as shall be mentioned in such Conviction, for the Space of two Calendar Months, or any less Time mentioned in such Conviction, without Bail or Mainprize, and until the Payment of such Costs.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or

commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or for any Cause, Matter, or Thing therein contained, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff" or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs awarded to him, her, orj them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for authorizing His Majesty to order the registering, and the granting Certificates of Registry, to certain Ships and Vessels, the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, which had belonged to, or been in Possession of, the Enemy, and concerning which Doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be registered according to the existing Laws in that Behalf.

[18th May 1796.]

WHEREAS in certain Cases the Governors of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, and Territories, have granted Certificates of Registry of Ships and Vessels, which had belonged to, or been in Possession of, the Enemy, concerning which Doubts have arisen whether such Ships and Vessels are entitled to be registered according to Law: And whereas, in some cases, under such Circumstances, the Property of such Ships and Vessels have been transferred bona fide to certain of his Majesty's Subjects, who, under the Protection thereof, now use and employ such Ships and Vessels: And whereas it is highly just and expedient, that His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, should be authorized to grant Relief in such Cases where no Fraud and Collusion shall appear to have been practised:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order any such Ship or Vessel, which shall have fallen under the Circumstances before mentioned, since the Commencement of the present War, and previous to the passing of this present Act, to be registered, and have a Certificate thereof, as nearly, according to the Form and Manner prescribed and directed by an Act passed in the twenty-furth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further increate

America in

Arrow Root may be import Duty Irec, Irom the British Plantations in -built Ships, owned, &c. according to Law;

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 113, 114.

and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, or any Act now in Force, respecting the registering of Ships and Vessete, as the Circumstances of the Case will admit; and in case any Suit shall have been commenced for the Condemnation of such Ship or Vessel, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid, to order all Proceedings thereupon to be stayed, either absolutely, or upon such I ermsor Conditions as His Majesty, with the Advice aforesaid, shall think proper.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root from the British Plantations, and also of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes, from any Foreign Country, in British-bu\h Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, without Payment of Duty,

[18th May 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow the Importation of Arrow Root from the British Plantations in America, in British-built* Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, without

Payment of any Duty whatever: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to import into Great Britain in any British-buAi Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, Arrow Root from the British Plantations in America, without the Payment of any Duty whatever; any Act of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

II. And whereas it is expedient to allow the Importation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes, from any Country whatever in British-built Ships Be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, to import into Great Britain, in any British Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, Linleed Cakes and Rape Cakes from any Foreign Country whatever, without the Payment of Duty; any Act of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due Entry shall be made of all such Arrow

Root, Linseed Cakes, and Rape Cakes, as shall be imported after the passing of this Act, with the proper Officers of the Customs, at the Port into which the same shall be imported, and the same shall be landed in the Presence of the proper Officers appointed for that Purpose, in Default whereof the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may befeized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs. Pen

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, created and incurred by this Act, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods, Ships, or Vessels, forfeited, for any Offence against the Laws of Customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act, shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures, as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty, or Composition paid lor any Offence against this Act, as they are now by Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the f amilies of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes^serving therein \ and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

[ibeh May 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign* intituled, An Act to

provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England it is amongst other Things enacted, that if the Family of any Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, serving in the Militia when embodied and called out into actual Service and ordered to march, shall become chargeable to the Parish wherein such Family shall dwell, and such Substitute shall not serve for the same Parish, it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace who shall make any Order for the Relief of such Family, at the same Time to direct k B i 8 4 the

403

whom Certificates of Rc-giftry have been granted by Govt rnors of his Majesty's Colo* nies, to be registered, &c.

and Rape Cakes from any Country on the same

Entry to be made of Arrow Root, ice. at the Port of Importation, on Penalty of Fortciture.

Penalties may be sued for, tec, as for any Offence agJnft the Law* of

Customs.

33 Geo. III.

Cap. 8.

4C

404

C. 114.

-u Geo. III.

Cap 47,

35 Geo. III. Cap. 81.

1 Sc *4 Car. II, Cap. 12 i and

a6 Geo. III. Cap. 107. recited.

Provisions of the three first recited Acts, touching the Relict oi Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteer.., to extend to Places

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1756.

the Overseers of the Parish for which such Substitute shall serve, to reimburse the Money so paid to the Overseer or Overseers who shall have advanced the same in pursuance of the Order before mentioned, if such Parish shall be situated within the same County, and if such Parish shall be situated in any other County, the said Justice shall cause the same to be reimbursed in Manner therein-sfccr mentioned; and in case the Substitute vt hose Family shall be relieved as aforesaid, shall serve for any Parish situated in another County, the Monies advanced by the Overseers of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Family shall dwell, shall be repaid them out of the County Stock, by the Treasurer of the County to which the Parish, Township, or Place, shall belong, on producing a Certificate of the Order of the Justice allowing such Relief, which Certificate fuclv Justice is thereby required to g-nnt tccordirgly; and the Treasurer who shall repay such Overseer, shall transnit such Certificate, and also an Acco mt of all Monies so repaid by him from Time to Time quarterly., to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, cr Place, in the Militia whereof such Substitute shall serve; and the Treasurer to whom the same ilia!) nave been so transmitted, shall forthwith reimbursed the same to the Treasurer from whom the said Account was received; which Account, so received and reimbursed, shall be laid before the Justices of the Peace at their next General or Quarter Sessions, which shall be held for such County, Riding, or Place, for their Allowance thereof, and the said Justices shall and they are thereby required to allow the same accordingly, and forthwith to make an Order for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, for which such Substitute shall serve, to make good the same to the Treasurer of the County, out of the Poor’s Rates of such Parish, Township, or Place; and all Payments so made by such Treasurer or Treasurers, Overseer or Overseers, in pursuance of such Order or Orders of such Justice or Justices, shall be allowed and passed in their respective Accounts in like Manner as the F.xpences incurred on Account of the Militia are by Law directed to be passed and allowed: And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to emend tin Act passed in the last Sffjiv: of Parka*

made for the Relief of the Families of Persons inrolled in the Place of Militia Men difehavged at their

commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Privates, Jiving in the Militia, between the County at large, and the peculiar Districts therein not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of A fen ferV-ing for each in such Militia; and to remove certain Difficulties in respect to the Relief of Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers, serving in the Militia; further Provisions are made, touching the Relief or such Families: And whereas determined by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, many Parishes in divers Parts of this Kingdo n have been, and still arc, divided into Townships, or other Divisions, for the better Maintenance of the Poor of such respective Town ships, or other Divisions, and the Poor of such Townships, or other Divisions, are maintained by the several Townships, or other Divisions, to which they respectively belong, and Overseers of the Poor are appointed for such Townships, or other Divisions, separately and distmclly, but no Overseers are appointed for the Parish at large wherein such Townships, or other Divisions, so separately maintaining their own Poor, are situate, although the Persons fervingin the Militia are ballotted and serve for such Parish at large, and not for such Townships, or other Divisions, separately and distinctly comprised therein: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing inti one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, it is amongst other Things enabled, that in ballotting for the Militia, it shall be lawful to add together the Lists of two or more Parishes, Tithings, or Places, and proceed upon such Lists, added together, in like Manner as if they had been originally returned for one Parish, Tithing, or Place, so ns to make ih; Choice of Militia Men by Ballot, within every Subdivision, as equal and impartial as possible; And whereas great Difficulties have arisen in executing the said several Provisions in the said Act$ of the thirty-third, thirty fourth, and thirty-fifth Years of His said Majesty's Reign, in consequence of the said Provisions in the said Acts of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, and of the tWM.ty-sixth Year of His present Majesty Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-Tal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and everythe Provisions, in the said Acts of the thirty third, thirty-fourth, and thirty-fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign contained, touching the Relief of the Ferrily any Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, Icrving for any Parish. Tiihirg, or Place, or any united Parishes, Tithings, or Places, and for the Reimbursement of all Sums of Money which have been or ft) ill be advanced for any such Purpose, shall extend to a'! Town-ships and Places having separate Overseers of the Poor, and maintaining the Poor thereof separately ird difrindhy, andaifo to all Parishes and Places united for the Purposes of ballotting for Militia Men, as uti! to all other Parishes and Places.; and th.it the Justices of the Peace who have made or shall make Orders ri»r the Relief of any such Families, or any other justice of the same County or Place, shall give Directions for

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 115 405

the Rumburfcmcm of the Money already advanced, or to be advanced for such Purpose, by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place, or united Parishes or places, or Townships or Places respectively, which ought to rti:nburfe the same, or to contribute to the Reimbursement thereof; and the Treasurers of the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, and Places, and the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties, RiJ-ings Divisions, and Places, within which all and every fuclvParilhes, Townships, and Places respectively shall be, shall make Reimbursement, and direct Rein > bur feme nt to be made by such several Parishes, Town-ships, and Places respectively, in the same Manner as by the said Act is provided with respect to Par.fhes and Places therein dderibed, so that in all Ca'es whatsoever such Reimbursement may be fully made according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, as well with rtfptct to Money already advanced, as with respect to Money to be advanced under any Order for such Relief aforesaid; and where any Man Hull lervefor any united Parishes or Places, or for any Parish or Place comprizing more than one Township or Place, which fluli have separate and distinct Overseers of the Pour, ail and every such Justices as aforesaid (hill ascertain in what Proportions such united Parishes or Places, or such several Townships or Places, comprized within the same Parish or Place, for which any such Man wfiofc Fairly shall be so relieved shall iurve, ought to contribute to such Relief; such Proportions to be ascertained according, to the Numbers of Men liable to be halloaed for the Militia, which each of such united Parishes or Places, or each of such Townships or Places, as the Case may be, shall appear to have had by the last Returns made for that Purpose; and such Justices shall make Orders for the Reimbursement of such Advances as aforesaid, in such several Proport ons so to be ascertained, and from Time to Time as Occasion shall require; and in order to enable such Justices to ascertain such Proportions, the Clerks of the lieveral Subdivision Meetings shall, when thereunto required, certify by Writing under their Hands the; Number of Men so liable to be ballotted for according to the Returns made for each of such Parishes, Townships, or Places; for wmch Certificate there Hull be paid a Fee of one Shilling and no more.

the Nunfiber of Men liable to be ballotted for

tl. And whereas in the Militia Regiments it sometimes happens that Non-commissioned Officers, in c consequence of Misbehaviour, are reduced to serve again in the RanksArid whereas in consequence of their having been promoted, the Parishes for which they were originally drawn are directed, and actually do furnish other Men in their Stead, to th" Families otS^hifch Men the said Parishes pay the Weekly Allowance as directed by the Acts now in farce, aucl are not directed by the said Acts to pay any Weekly Allowance to the Families of such Non-commfllioned Officers lo reduced as aforesaid be it therefore enacted, That the r am.lies of such Non-commidioned Officers, so reduced as aforesaid, shall be relieved as Casual Poor by the Parishes in which they reside, and tftat such Parishes shall be reimbursed in such Manner as they would have been in cale such Non-commissioned Officer so reduced as aforesaid had never been pro-

bavins: fcpsrate Overfter*, anti to a.l Places Ur i ted (or seal-lotting (or Militia Men.

Justices to af-ctru.n what 1’ioporiions shall be contributed by united Places, or the several Places compr.zed

within the same Parish, to the Relief of Militiamen’s Families.

Cicik of Sub-divihon Meetings to ctrtity, when required,

, lor each Place.

Families of Non commissioned Othcers reduced to be relieved as casual Poor.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to enforce the due Execution of an Act,‘ passed in the daft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England for the Service of his Majesty's Navy.

[18th May 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties in England, for the Service of his Majesty's Navy; it is directed, that every Sum and Sums of Money agreed to be Riven as a Bounty or Bounties, or paid thereout to any Manor Men, raised in pursuance of the said Act, (except such Sums as shall have been directed by the Justices of the Peace to be advanced to any Man at the Time of his Inrolment,) and also all Fines le- vied upon the Churchwardens or Overseers, by Distress and Sale, or upon the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, by a Rate, for their Default in not raffing the Number of Men appointed to be raised by virtue of the said Act, should be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act mentioned: May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prdent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That f ie Justices of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns, Boroughs, and Places, shall, at their Meeting held within their respective Divisions next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, iftiie their Orders^under the Hands of any two of them, directed to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County, Riding, or Division, requiring the said Treasurer or Treasurers to deliver in an Account in Writing, ligned by himself or themselves, of all Sums of Money by him or them received by virtue of the said Act, and on what Account, under the Heads and according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and if it shall appear, by any such Account, that any Sum or Sums of Money received by him‘or them for or on Account of any Bounty or Bounties, agreed to be given to Men on their entering into his Majesty's Service, or for or on Account of Fines levied for Default in not railing the proper Number of Men, remain unaccounted for by such Treasurer or Treasurers, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, or any two of them, by their War-uut under their Hands and Seals, to order and direct such Treasurer or Treasurers, within fourteen Days

itai vhc Date of such Warrant, to pay into the HanJs of tfic Receiver General of the County, Riding, or

35CCO. t 11.

Cap. 5. recited.

Justices to order the County Treasurer to deliver in an Account of Money received under recited Act>, and to pay in Balances to j the Receiver Ceneral;

40 6

C. 115.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

and where Bournics or Fine* appear not to have been paid to him, to issue Warrants to pjuifli Offiu to assess and pay the Arrears.

Parish Officers to return Defaulters wl.o have levied Rates and not paid the Money to the Trea. lurer, to tire Justices, who may issue their Warrant for Payment j and if the Party be dead, &c. may direct the ailing Parish Officers to raise and pay the Mancy.

1

Division, or his Deputy, the Balance due from such Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid, which Receiver General, or his Deputy, shall give Acquittances for the farrte.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace to whom such Accounts shall be delivered, shall issue their Orders or Warrants, under the Hands and Seals of any twopf them, to the acting Churchwardens or Over fee rs of the Poor of any Parish, Township, or Place, or Parishes, Townships, or Places, within their respective Divisions, for which any Manor Men shall have been appointed to be raised inpur-fuance of the said Act, and for which any Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be given as a Bounty or Bounties to such Man or Men, or directed to be levied as a Fine or Firfes for the Default in not railing the proper Number of Men, shall appear not to have been fully paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County, Riding, or Division, by which Orders or Wai rants the said Justices shall require the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, in case such Sum or Sums of Money shall not appear to them tofinve been actually assessed and raised upon the Parish, Township, or Place, by the Persons holding the Office of Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor at the Time of the Men’s Inrolment, or if the same shall appear to have been so actually assessed and raised, and to have been flnee accounted for to the succeeding Churhwardens or Overseers of the Poor, or applied to the Use of such Parish, Township, or Place, or Parishes, Townships, or Places, in any other xManner than is directed by the said Act, then and in such Case to pay the Sum and Sums in Arrear, (except such Sums as may have been directed to be advanced to any Man, at the Time of his Inrolment in His Majesty's Service, or to any Persons as a Reward in providing Substitutes, or for Charges incurred in bringing Substitutes to be inrolled,) into the Hands of the said Treasurer or Treasurers, out of any Monies in their or any of their Hands, of the Monies raised for the Relief of the Poor in such Parish. Township, or Place, Parishes, Townships, or Places; or if they shall not have Money sufficient for that Purpose in their Hands, then to make a Rate for the same, in like Manner as Rates are usually made for the Relief of the Poor.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, to whom any such Order or Warrant shall be directed, that the Persons holding the Office of Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor at the Time of the Men’s Inrolment, actually cause all and every the Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be given as a Bounty or Bounties, or directed to be paid as a Fine or Fines, for Default in not railing the Number of Men appointed to be raised, to be assessed and levied as by the said Act is directed, and that the same, or any Part thereof, (except such Part thereof as may have been advanced as aforesaid,) yet remains unpaid to the Treasurer or 1 reasurers of the County, Riding, or Division, by the said then Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, it shall bejawful for such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, to whom such Orders or Warrants shall be directed, and they are hereby required to return such Default, with the Sums in Arrear, and the Names of the Defaulters, by indorsing the same on the Back of such Order or Warrant, to the Justices granting the same, or to such other Justices as shall attend at any Meeting at which such Return shall be made, and such Justices may examine on Oath into the Matters contained in such Return; and, if they fee Cause, may issue their Order or Warrant, directed to the Person or Persons making such Default, requiring them to pay to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County, Riding, or Division, the Sum and Sums in Ar* rear, at a Time to be limited in such Order or Warrant, not later than fourteen Days after the Date thereof: Provided also, that if the Person or Persons, by whom the Sum or Sums of Money, so returned to be in Arrear, shall have been assessed or raised, and not applied as aforesaid, shall be dead, or shall have become Bankrupt or Insolvent, or shall not be then resident within the Jurisdidtian of such Justices, it shall and may be lawful for any two of them, by like Order or Warrant as aforesaid, to direct the then acting Church-

Treasurer to pay over Money to the Receiver Genual, and render, on Demand, 10 the Justices, an Account oI all Mon iei received.

If Treasurer* negictlto deliver in Accounts ami pay Balances (0 the Receiver General, or it Parish Officers neglt& to pay Monty directed by In ft ices to the Treasurer.

wardens or Overseers of the Poor to raise and pay the Sum or Sums in Arrear to the Treasurer or Trea-

ilci

poi

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County, Hiding, or Division,

furers of the County, Riding, or Division, in like Manner as they are hereby authorized to direct Payment where the same shall not have been actually assessed or raised as aforesaid, for the Purposes of the said Act.

shall pay over, within fourteen Days after he shall receive the same, all Sum and Sums of Money received by him or them at any Time after the passing of this Act, on Account of Men raised for His Majesty's Service, or on Account of Fines directed to be levied for Default in not raising the Number of Meaappointed to be raised as aforesaid, to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Division, or his Deputy, in like Manner as they are hereby directed to pay any Sum of Money now remaining in their Hands; and shall also, on Demand made by any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division, from Time to Time deliver an Account, signed as aforesaid, of all Monies which they shall receive at any Time after the passing of this Act applicable to the Uses and Purposes herein mentioned, in like Manner as they are hereby directed to deliver an Account of the Monies now remaining in their Hands.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer of any County, Riding, or Division shall refuse or neglect to deliver in any such Account to the Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, or to pay to the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Division, all such Sum and Sums of Money as he shall have received.or (Hal) receive, on Account of Men raised for His Majesty's Service, or on Account of Fines directed to be levied for Default in not raising the Number of Men appointed to be raised by virtue of the said Act, within the respective Times herein-before limited, or if any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor now being, or any Person holding the Office of Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor at the Time of the Men’s Inrolment, shall refuse or neglect, within the Time limited by any Order or Warrant of two or more such Justices of the Peace, to pay the Sum required to be paid, by the Order or Warrant of such Justices, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County, Riding, or Division, or shall refuse or neglect,

% I

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 115.

in Cases where the same shall be necessary to make a Rate, for raising the Sum required to be so paid, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more such Justices, to levy the same by Wartant under their Hands and Seals, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons (o making Default, and to direct the Money so raised, to be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Division, or his Deputy, taking a Receipt for the same, and the Overplus, (if any,) after satisfying all Charges and Expences attending the same, to be paid to the Person or Persons against whom such Warrant shall be made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, to whom any Accounts shall have been delivered by the Treasurer or Treasurers of such Counties, Ridings, or Divisions respectively, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, cause the same to be transmitted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, and shall also at the same Time return what they the said Justices shall have done thereupon in the Execution of this Act.

turn what they have

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or any three of them, to demand from the Receiver or Receivers General of any County, Riding, or Division, such Sum and Sums of Moneyas he or they shall receive in pursuance of this Act, and direct the same to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, for which Payments so made the said Commissioners, or any three of them, are hereby authorized to give a full Discharge in pursuance of this Act, such Receiver General being hereby directed to inform the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, of the Monies paid into his Hands, and such Monies shall be applied to the Repayment of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear by the Tickets of Inrolment to be due to the Treasurer of the Navy, and which shall, in the Course of his Majesty's Service, have been paid to any Volunteer or Substitute raised by virtue of the said Act, as also to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as mall appear by the Tickets of Inrolment in the Possession of the said Commissioners to be due to any other Volunteers or Substitutes, raised for the Service of his Majesty's Navy by virtue of the said Act; and the Residue thereof (if any) shall be applied for the Use of his Majesty's Naval Service, under the Direction of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Form of the Statement and Account required to be made by the Treasurer of any County, Riding, or Division, and to be transmitted to the Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, together with the other Particulars herein-before directed, shall be made as follows j (videlicetJ

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

An Account of Parishes within the County, [Riding, or Division,] of — 1 — for which Volunteers or Substitutes were raised in pursuance of the late Act of Parliament, together with the other Particulars relating thereto as required by an Act, intituled, [Jet forth the Title of the Act:]

Names of Volunteers or Substitutes. Volunteer Substitute. Parishes for which they serve. 1 Full Bounty. Paid at Inrolment. Paid since. Residuo unpaid.

Sum. to whom.

An Account of the Parishes within the County, [Riding, or Division,] of — fined for Default of not raising by the late Act of Parliament, and the several other Particulars relating thereto, as required by an Act, intituled, [Jet forth the Title of the Act:]

36 Geo. III.

Parishes fined. Amount of Fines. Transferred to Account of Substitutes. Paid for Rewards. Residue unpaid.

Names of Substitutes. Sum.

- 1 i

407,

# w

Payment may he levied by. Di fli t ft.

Justices to tnnsmit Accounts received from Treasurer# to the Navy Board, and re -done thereupon.

Navy Board may direct Receivers General to pay Money received by them to the Treasurer of the Navy, to be applied as herein directed.

Accounts to be in the following Forms.

3c

CAP.

4© 8

C. 116.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

From cttfem-bodying tin* Militia, the Subalterns to have certain Annual Allowances over the Pay. they may be entitled to during Peace;

Exceptions.

Subalterns to take the follow in g

Oath.

Jo (Vice! to transmit Oaths to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County.

Subalterns to attend the Annual Exercise, on Pain of forfeiting their Allowance and their Pay.

Certificate of such Attendance to be transmitted by the Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant and Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County.

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in

Time of Peace.

[18th May 1796.]

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aliem-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the disembodying of the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, certain Annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they are now by Law entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, of the Descriptions, to the Amount, under the Refiriclions, and in the Manner herein after expressedI j (that is to say,) tQ every Subaltern Officer of the Militia, who, having at any Time previous to the Expiration ot four Months, from the naffing of an Act of the lull Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace, been appointed to a Commi.lien in the Militia, is now serving, and shall continue faithfully to serve, in the same Corps, until the disembodying thereof, the following Annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which they may be by Law entitled during Peace, shall be allowed and paid without any Deductions of any Kind, or for any Purpose whatsoever; (that is to say,) to a Lieutenant twenty-five Pounds per Annum, and to an Ensign twenty Pounds per Annum, in the Manner herein after mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is ox shall at any Time hereafter become noflefled of such an Estate or Income, as would by Law qualify him to hold a Captain’s Commission in the Militia, or who is or shallatany "lime hereafter be appointed Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment or Corps of Militia, nor any Person deriving in any Way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern Officer of the Militia, any Income, Stipend, or Allowance whatever from the Public, nor any Officer on the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern’s Commission, and serve as aforesaid in the Militia, shall have or be in anywise entitled to the said Annual Allowances, or any Part or Share thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers of the Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive either of the said Annual Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the faint*, and in order to entitle thenWelves thereto, annually take and subscribe an Oath before fonie one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, to which the Regiment or Corps in which they serve shall belong, in the Words or to the Effedi following; (videlicet,)

A.B. do swear. That I am now serving as a Subaltern Officer in the

Regiment [or Corps] of

Militia, and that l am not in my own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, nor have been since thedif-

embodying of the said Regiment, [or Corps,j' in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of such an. Annual Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a Captain’s Commission in the Militia; that I am not, nor have been, lince the disembodying the said Regiment, [or Corps,] an Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment [or Corps of Militia]; that I do not hold or enjoy, nor have I held or enjoyed, nor does or has any Person for me

hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, since the disembodying of the said Regiment, [or Corns,] any Office or Income whatsoever from the Public; and that I am not entitled either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, nor have been since the disembodying of the said Regiment [or Corps].

So help me GOD.

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the same to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the Regiment or Corps of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer shall be thfp serving shall belong, to be by him filed and preserved for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer of the Militia who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the Annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs, during the Whole of the twenty-eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and shall, during the said Time, punctually do andr perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer of such Regiment or Corps, on pain of forfeiting the said Annual Allowance, as well as the rest of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year,/m which he shall neglect or refuse to attend; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Corps to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant and Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the said Regiment or Corns of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer shall be then serving shall belong, to be by the said Receiver General received previous to any such Subaltern Officer being entitled to demand or receive the said Annual Allowance, or any Part thereof; and in case any such Subaltern Officer, claiming to be entitled to such Annual Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any

special cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such Annual Exercise,

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 116.

(in which Case it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, and for such Subaltern Officer who may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the said Annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like Manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the said Annual Exerci fej the Reasons for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in the Certificates before mentioned, signed by the Commanding Officer, to be transmitted as soon as conveniently may be to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the Regiment or Corps shall belong, tarhe Receiver General of the Land l ax for the same County, Riding, or Place, and to his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, "1 hat in case any Regiment or Corps of the Militia, after the disembodying thereof, 'at any Time, shall not be called out for the Annual Exercise and Training thereof, every-Subahern Officer belonging to any such Regiment or Corps, and coming within the Defections of this Act, who shall have raken and subscribed the Oath herein-before mentioned, before any such Justice of the Peace t.s aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Annual Allowance, as if such Subaltern Officer h id regularly attended the Annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment or Corps during the Whole of the twenty-eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment or Corps, had been transmitted to the Lieutenant and Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment or Corps belong, according to the Directions of this Act; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, upon such Certificates as aforesaid of such Justice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or (where any Regiment or Corps of Militia shall not have been called out to their Annual Exercise, as aforesaid) upon a Certificate of any such Justice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Receivers General of the Land Tax, it shall and maybe lawful for such Receivers General, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers, according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant or Ensign, the Annual Allowance above mentioned, in Addition to their Pay, without any Deduction whatsoever, out of any public Monies in their Hands, and to charge the same in their respective Annual Accounts of Monies disbursed for the LTle of the Public; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from Time to Time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers of the Militia, entitled orclaiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments or Corps 10 which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied, and called out upon adUial Service; and in case of Neg!e£t or Refusal to attend when called upon, of in case any such Subaltern Officer shall a second Time neglect or refuse to attend, and perform his Duty at the Annual Exerciseas before directed, each and every such Subaltern Officer shall forfeit his and their Claim to the said Annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in all Time to come, and shall also be considered as having resignedand vacated his and their Com-iniffion and Commissions to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Annual Allowances Avail be paid to the Persons reflectively entitled thereto, by the Receivers General of the Land 'Fax, upon the Production of the before-mentioned several Certificates, as soon after the Times of the Annual Exercise and Training as may be convenient and practicable: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained fiiail extend, or be con-lrr.ied to extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of it, from receiving the Pay allowed by Law for his Attendance at such Annual Exercise as before mentioned, over and above the said Annual Allowance: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforesaid, to the said Annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the Time the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs shall be embodied or called out on actual Service: Provided also, that this A«SI, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, shall not extend, or be coridrued to extend, to more than ten Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than ten Companies; to more than nine Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than eight and less than eleven Companies; to more than eight Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than fix and less than nine Companies; to more than five Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corjis, confiding of fix or of a less Number of Companies.

4O9

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment, Battalion, -or Corps of the Militia, at the Time of disembodying thereof, there shall happen to be a greater Number of Lieutenant, coming within the Descriptions of this Act, than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof, within the true Intent and

inati succeed to iuen Allowances in Kotation as vacancies may happen among me la tenants from Time to Time.

X. And whereas by an Act of Parliament paded in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for anunlMj^ and reducing into one Act of Parliament^ the Aaius relating to the 4 \Tilitia in that Part of Great Britain coded England, it is enaiBcd, that the Lieutenant of any County, % Riding, or Place, together with any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of any such Lieutenant, any five or more Deputy Lieutenants may, at the End of every five Years, at their Annual Meetings to be holdcq as in the said AvR mentioned, in case the Militia of such w County, Riding, or Place shall no: be then embodied, discharge a certain Number of Officers for the Pur-

Hy\ 1jjlF" 3 G 2 \ ofos

In cafr of Leave of Absence, the Reason for granting it to be infcited in the Certificate, which must alt® be sent to the Secretary of State.

If Militia be nt>t*

called out to Annual Exercise, the Sub-airerns Pill to be entitled to the Allowance.

Allowances to be paid without Deduction.

Subalterns not attending when called upon to forfeit tueir Claims.

Allowances ta br paid by Receivers General on Production of Certificates.

t

Subalterns may receive Pay for attending Annual Exercise; but not entitled to the Allowance while the Militia is embodied.

Allowance to extend only toa

certain Numlxr.

Senior I.ieufe* nants to have the Preference, and the Junior to succeed on Vacancies.

26 Geo. III.

Cap. 107. recited.

C. 117,118. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

r 1. 4k

k f

poses and in the Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is not expedient that the Powers so given by the said recited Act should extend to Subaltern Officers coming within the Description and en- titled to the Benefits of this Act:* Be it therefore enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to empower the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, of any County, Hiding, or Place, to discharge any such Subaltern Officersasarc or may be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or any of them.

t ubaltcms entitled to Allowances. ‘l 4

Continuance of

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of this Act. March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to exempt Dairies and Rooms used foldy for making, keeping, and drying Cheese and Butter, from the Duties on Windows and Lights.

[18th May 1796.]

410

Powers of recited Act for discharging Officers nt the End of every five Year., not to extend to

Duties on Windows not to be charged on Places used lolely for drying, keeping, or making Cheese or Butter.

Exemption td extend only to Windows without Glass, and Places kept solely for the b«for e - m c n t ion t d

WHEREAS in and by divers Acts of Parliament now in force, certain Rates and Duties have been from time to Time laid upon Windows and Lights in Dwelling-houses and Offices belonging to

and occupied therewith: And whereas it is expedient that Windows or Lights in Dairies, and Rooms kept and used solely for the Purpose of making, drying, and keeping Cheese and Butter, should not be charged with or liable to the said Rates and Duties in certain Cases herein after mentioned :* May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, upon every Assessment made or to be made of the said Duties, or any of them, it shall not be lawful toafless or charge any Windows or Lights in any Dairies, or in any Rooms or Places kept and used for the sole Purpose of drying and keeping Cheese, or of making Cheese or Butter, and to or for no other Purpose or Purposes whatsoever; which Dairies and Rooms shall be belonging to and occupied with any Dwelling-house chargeable with the Rates and Duties aforesaid, whether the same shall be attached to or detached from, and being Part of such Dwelling-house or not, and which shall be occupied by any Person or Persons who shall fell, or be in any Manner concerned in felling, the Produce of Dairies, or any Kind of Cheese.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the Exemptions herein-before provided shall extend only to such Windows or Lights in such Dairies or Rooms as aforesaid as shall be made with Splines or Wooden Laths, or Iron Bars, and wholly without Glass; and to such Dairies or Rooms as aforesaid, which shall not be at any Time or Times used to dwell or to deep in by any Person or Persons whomsoever, but solely kept and used for the several Purposes herein-before mentioned.

purposes.

Dairies to be ibble to Duty unless certain Words be painted on the Doors.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the respective Owner or Owners of the Dwelling-houses to which such Dairies or Rooms used as aforesaid respectively belong, do and shall paint or cause to be painted on the Door thereof, in large Roman black Letters, of two Inches at the lead in Height, and of a proportionable Breadth, the Words Dairy and Cheese Room, or some of them, as the Case shall require, and do and shall keep and preserve such Words so painted didindtly legible, during such Time or Times as such Dairies and Rooms shall be used for the Purposes aforesaid, otherwise, and in case of Failure of all or any of the Orders and Regulations in this Act contained, it is hereby declared that such Dairies and Rooms as aforesaid shall be charged and chargeable with all and every of the Duties and Rates to which the same were liable previous to the passing this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

% Geo. III.

Cap. 15. recited.

CAP. CX.VIII.

V

An Act to authorize the Sale of Fish at Billingsgate by Retail.

[iSth May 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof and to protect and encourage Fishermen; it is enacted, among other Things, that no Person or Persons, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, shall a second Time sell, or expose to or for Sale, in Billingsgate Market, or within the Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from Billingsgate Dock, or any other Market in the City of London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, any bish which, in the same Day, shall have been before fold in the same Market: And whereas, the retailing of Fish at Billingsgate would be of great public Utility and Convenience, and tend materially to reduce the exorbitant Price of Fish; but inasmuch as such retailing of Fish may not be practised whilst the said Provision contained in the said Act remains in force May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 119 - 122

and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said herein-before in Part recited ActL passed in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as redrains or prohibits the Sale of Fifti by Way of Retail in Billing [gate Market, or within the Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from BillingJ-gateDock, in the same I)ay upon which the same shall have been before fold in the same Market, or within the said Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from Billingsgate Dock, but no further, or otherwise, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding the Provisions to the contrary in the said herein-be-before recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the same or the like Effect contained, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, from and after the passing of this Act, by Way or in the Manner of Retail, (but in no other Manner,) to fell a second Time, and not oftener, in Billingsgate Market, or within the Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from Billingsgate Dock> any Fifti whatever, although the same Fish shall on the same Day have been fold once before by Wholesale in the same Market, or within the Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from Billingsgate Dock; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council aft'embled, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, from Time to Time appoint the Hour for the Commencement of the Sale of Fish by Retail in Billingsgate Market, or within the said Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from Billingsgate Dock\ and that the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall have the like Power, Authority, Jurisdiction, and Controul, over the said Market, for the Sale of Fish by Retail, as they now have over the (cveral other public Markets of the said City.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act,

and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without the same being specially pleaded. 5 !

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to enable the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East- Indies^ to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the East India House, and to widen the North End of Lime Street.

[18th May 1796.]

CAP. CXX.

An Act for enabling the East India Company to perform an Engagement entered into by them, with IFit-liam Sabatier Gentleman, respecting the Importation of Cotton from the East Indies.

[18th May 1796.]

The Preamble dates that Mr. Sabatier has invented a Method of retaining Cotton in a much less Space than heretofore: That the East India Company entered into an Engagement with him to pay a certain Percentage on all Cotton imported, &c.: And that by Act 33 GeoAll. Cap. 52. the Company are dif-

abled from performing their Engagements, so far as relates to the Trade of Individuals. T he Company are hereby empowered to dcdudl the Percentages, and pay them to Mr. Sabatier \ who is to deliver to the Secretary of the Company a Specification of the Bales retained according to his Method. T his Adfc shall have Commencement immediately after it shall have received his Majesty's Royal Assent, and continue in force for fourteen Years."

CAP. CXXI.

An Act for further continuing the Duty of one Farthing/>*r Chalder on Coals, granted by an Ach passed in the fird Year of the Reign of Queen Jnne> and revived and continued by two Acts, passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of lPrbitby, in the County of York,

[i$kh Alay 1796.]

CAP. CXXII.

1 Act for granting Annuities to satisfy

Navy, Victualling, or Transport Bills, made out on or before May 31, 1795, with Intcred to April 30, 1796, marked thereon at the respective Offices, carried to the Navy Office by July 1, 1796, to be exchanged for Certificates to the Bank entitling the Holder to 105l. Stock per 100l.; and such Bills made out after May 31, and on or before Sept. 30, 1795, to be exchanged for Certificates entitling to 104l. Stock p*r 100l. Stock to bear 5l. per Cent. Intcred from Jan. 5, 1796. Holders of Bills may deliver them to be marked. Intered to be marked upon Bills before Delivery at the Navy Office. Treasurer of the Navy to receive, mark, and cancel Bills, and make forth Certificates. Certificates to entitle to an Annuity of $ /. per Cent. per Ann. from Jan. 5, 1796, which shall be personal Edate and free from Faxes. Annuities payable out of the Consolidated Fund, and irredeemable till 25,000,000 of the 3 /. or 4l. per Cents. be paid off. Treasurer of the Navy to give Certificates to the Amount of such Bills and Intered, which may be assigned before Obi. 29, 1796, and shall be free from Stamp Duties. Guardians may deliver up Bills for Benefit of Infants. Executors, fc. may deliver up Bills in their Possession in Trud, vifc» Bank to receive Certificates, and give Credit for the Principal Sums of 105 /. and 1041, per

too/.

411

So much of the recited Act as restrains the Sale of Fish by Rerail at Billingsgate repealed.

Authorizing: the Sale of Fish at Billingleate by Retail.

Court of Common Council to have the same Jurisdiction over the said Retail Market, as over the other public Markets of the City.

[Public Act.]

412

C. 123

tricesimo sexto

A.D. 1796.

ct

160 /. respectively, as before mentioned; and by July 5, 1797, to transmit a Duplicate of the Book of Credit to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant General. Money to be issued at the Exchequer for Payment of Annuities. Cashier to pay the same without Delay. Accountant General to examine the Cashier’s Accounts. Annuities to be added to the J.Y. per Certs, established by i\ Geo. III. Sect.2. Cap. 39. 25 Geo. III. Cap. 32. 34.GV0.III. Cap. 21. and 35 Geo. III. Cap. 32. Book to be kept for entering Transfers. No Stamp Duties to be charged on Transfers. Annuities may be devised. Bank to continue a Corporation till Annuities aic redeemed. Penalty ot 20l. for taking Fees for making Bills, granting Certificates, &c. Treasury may reward Persons employed in the Execution of this Act. General XII'ue. Treble Costs."

Additional Duties.

Tor French Wine imported after April 17, 1796, 301.

and for all other Wines,

301* per Tun.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines and British Sweets, and on Foreign Wines sold by Auction.

[19th May 1796 ]

9

c* Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majest/’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charges oc-» cafioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Actor Act for that Purpose* passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ants Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there Hull be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties already im-poied for or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Customs and Excite

herein after mentioned; that is to say, *v J,

For every Tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain after the seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be imported into Great Britain after the passing of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Custom Duty of thirty Pounds: '.

For every T un of Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce erf" Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sorts, imported into Great Britain after the said Seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which (halt be imported into Great Britain after the passing of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Custom Duty of twenty Pounds;

For every Tun of French Wine, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, v/hich shall have been imported into Great Britain on or before the said seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and which, after the said seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in v/hich the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the iirft landing thereof, or which, on the said seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, was in any Cellar, Vault, or Warehouse of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in any Warehouse under the Locks of the Customs or Excise, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid- by the Im-

Porter or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand, a Custom Duty of thirty

bunds: \ dS

company, or

Customs or Excise Warehouse, 301. .5 ‘

% % a wM W " M / *2 4 # %. I m 9

For every Tun of Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Span/, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sorts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall have been imported into Great Britain on or before the said seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, which after the said seventeenth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the firit landing thereof, or which, on the fad seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, was in any Cellar, Vault, or Warehouse of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in any Warehouse under the Locks of the Customs or Excise, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand, a Custom Duty of twenty Pounds: 3. T

For every Tun of French Wine, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the said seventeenth Day of April

qsk

For French Wine imported on or before April 17, 1796, and afterwards found in any Vessel, or upon any Pier, &c. or which on that Day was in any Cellar of the East

and for all other Wines, 201. per T un.

For French Wine found on the first Excise

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer in or Seller of Foreign Wine, to be paid by such Dealer or Seller, an Excise Duty of thirty Pounds:

For every Tun of Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sorts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise, after the said seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in the Stock, Custody, or Poflel-fion of any Dealer in, or Seller of Foreign Wine, to be paid by such Dealer or Seller, an Excise Duty or twenty Pounds:

For every Tun of French Wine, for or in respect whereof none of the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign I Fine and Sweets, shall have been paid, and which shall be sold by Auction, and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity, thirty Pounds: i

For every 'Fun of French Wine, for or in respetft whereof none of the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been paid, and which shall be sold by Auction, and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, thirty Rounds: 1 *-

For every Tun of Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sorts, for or in respect whereof none of the Duties imposed by the said of the last Session of Parliament shall have been paid, and which shall be sold by Auction, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, twenty Pounds:

- For every Tun of Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sorts, for or in refill whereof none of the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been paid, and which shall be sold by Auction, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, twenty Pounds: i ';

And for every Barrel of Liquor which shall be made in Great Britain for Sale by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or Called or distinguished by the Name of A lade IFines, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by .^ie Maker thereof, an Excise Duty of twelve Shillings: itt U t,

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, as shall arise

or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being; and that such of the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That in-eft i mating the said additional Duties hereby imposed on Foreign Wine, as being found upon such aiftual Survey as aforesaid, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine, after the said seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, which shall be in Bottles, five reputed Quart Bottles shall be reckoned to the Gallon, and two hundred and fifty-two of such Gallons to the Tun; and the said additional Duties payable on Foreign Wine, as being found in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seder or Sellers'6hj Foreign Wine as aforesaid, shall be paid in Manner following; that is to say. One fourth Part thereof on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, One fourth Part thereof oti the fifth Day of yfer/7 one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, one other fourth Part "thereof bn the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the remaining ‘fourth Part on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Duties by this A<Sfc imposed, for or in respect of any such Foreign Wine as hath been imported into Great Britain after the said seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be imported into Great Britain at any Time before the first Day oFAugUfl bne thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be paid by the several and respective Importers oi Proprietors thereof, in the Manner and on the Days, and in the Proportions before mentioned, provided the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers thereof, shall enter into Bonds tg I IiS. Majesty, with.sufficient Sureties, for duly answering and paying the said additional Duties to the Sa-tiTaiftion of the said Commissioners of the Customs, before such Wine shall be delivered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, or the Importer or Importers thereof, or to any other Person for his or their Ule.

V. Provided Sways, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be cenftfued to extcrid, to charge with any Duty by virtue of this Act, any Foreign Wine for which the ad-uiturt&T Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid on Importation thereof, -or on having been found in itny 3hip;or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in^ny Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, sfcf'cr the unshipping, and before thelapding thereof,- or upon any Pier^Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon

%he first landing thereof *, or on having been in tiny Cellar, Vault, or Warehouse, of the said United Com-\r-vny of Merchants, ot in any Warehouse* under the Locks of the Customs or Excise; nor to charge with the u'ld Duty any Foreign Wine in the Stock, Custody, or Possession, of any Dealer or Dealers in, or

Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine, unless such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall have in his, her.

H

or

Survey after April 17, 1796, in Stock, 301.3

and for all other Wines, 20 >. per Tun.

Duties on French Wirtaa sold by Auction.

Duties on all other Winca so fold.

For every Barrel of Sweets made for Sale, 12 s.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively,

How Wines found in Stock shall be estimated, and how the Duties shall be paid.

Duties on Wine

impoited between April 17 and August 1,

1796, to be paid as before-mentioned, on Bond being given for paying them before Delivery of the Wine.

A(\ not to extend to Wine for which the additional Duty shall have been paid on Importation, nor where the Stock docs not exceed 232 Gallons.

4*4

C. 123.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Dealers pay

the Duties on St.)ck at the Times pre-ferihed, on Penalty of doubt* the Amount j

and Auctioneers to pay the Duties on Wines sold by Auction at the Times preferred for Payment of Auction Duty, on like Penalty.

Prize Wines taken owt of Warthouse for Home Consumption, liable to the ad -4itional Duty.

or their Stock, Custody, or Possession, on such actual Survey as aforesaid, after the said seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, a Quantity or Quantities of Foreign Wine exceedingfwo hundred and Hfty-two Gallons, reckoning five reputed Quart Bottles to a Gallon for all such Wine as shall be in Bottles.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Dealer and Dealers in, and Seller and Sellers of, Foreign Wines shall, at the respective Days and Times herein-before for that Purpose prescribed, pay and clear off all the Duties of Excise determined by this Act imposed, for and in respect of all Foreign Wine found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Fxcile, in the Stock, Custody, or Po He Hi on of such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, upon Pain of forfeiting double the Amount of such Duties.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Foreign Wine sold by Auction, shall be paid by the respective Auctioneers by whom such Wine shall be fold, at such respective Times as are by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, immediately before the passing of this Act, limited or prescribed for Payment of the Duties arising from Sales by Way of Auction; upon pain of such Auctioneers forfeiting double the Amount of the said Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such Foreign Wine sold by Auction.

For Wine contracted to be

fold, the additional Duty jnay be added to the Price.

Drawback of the whole Duties to be allowed on Wine for Consumption by Officers on board the Navy, agreeable to 33 Geo. III. Cap. 41-

Drawback of Duties to be allowed on Exportation of Foreign Wines.

Recovery and Application of Penalties*

Acts in force respecting the Revenue of Customs, to extend to tV.is

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Wine taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, and taken out of any Warehouse wherein the same shall have been secured to be consumed in this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of Wine imported; and such additional Duty shall be paid and payable by such Persons, and in such Manner, as the former Duties by the said Act of the thirty-third Year aforesaid imposed, are payable by Law.

IX. And whereas Contracts may have been made for the Sale of Wine before (he same shall have been charged with the Duties by this Act imposed*/ be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where any Wine whereon the respective Duties by this Act imposed shall be charged, shall have been after the said seventeenth Day of April one thousaiul seven hundred and ninety Tix, or shall be delivered in pursuance of such Contracts or Sales, it shall be lawful for the Dealer or Dealers in such Foreign Wine, delivering the same, to charge so much Money as shall be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof, in Addition to the Price of such Wine; and such Dealer or Dealers shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to demand and be paid the same accordingly.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a Drawback of the whole Duties on Foreign Wine imposed by this Act shall be allowed and paid by the Collectors of the Customs, on any Sort of such Foreign Wine intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains, or other Commissioned Officers employed in his Majesty's Service, for their actual Consumption on board such of his Majesty's Ships as they shall respectively serve in, ip like Manner, and under the like Provisions, Conditions, and Restrictions, as a Drawback of the former Duties paid on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain is directed to be allowed and paid by such Collectors by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals* Captains, and other Commissioned Officers* on board Ships of War in actual Service 3 and to allow such Ships to be applied with Tobacco Duty-free.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of any Foreign Wine, for or in respect whereof the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been duly paid, there be allowed and paid by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, to the Exporter or Exporters, a Drawback of the said Duties upon the same Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained, provided, settled, or established, in and by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Exportation of Foreign Wine, in order to obtain the Drawback of the Duties of Customs; and the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be used, applied, practised, and put in Execution on the Exportation of Win*, for the Purpose of obtaining a Drawback of the Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all such Penalties of double the Amount of the said Duties imposed

by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Customs by this Act imposed. shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, recovered, answesed, and paid, in such and the like Manner and in or by any or either of the Means, Ways, or Methods, by which the Duties of Customs upon Wines imported by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, were or ought

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexta* Georgii III. c. 123. 413

to be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, recovered, answered, and paid; and that all Wine for or Aa as to the in rcipe& whereof any Duty of Customs is by this Act imposed, shall be, and the same are hereby made Dunesof C«f-subject and liable (except where any Alteration i$ expressly made by this Atft) to all and every the Condi- lomj* tiens. Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, and Forfeitures respectively, to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general were subject and liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately upon the Commencement of this Act, respecting the Revenue of Customs, and all and every Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for any Offence whatsoever committed against, or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the Commencement of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Powers, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall, and the same are hereby respectively directed and declared to extend to, and the same respectively shall be applied, practised, and put in execution for or in respect of the said Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,- as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Conditions,

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Matters, and Things respectively were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeit- A£hin force tires, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of respeaing the King Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Revenue of Ex-Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof')

or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, ‘Ale, and other t^ Du^ of Liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, Excise. adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, shall be practised and put in execution in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the said Duties of Excise upon Foreign Wine and Sweets, respectively hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several new and Duties to be

additional Rates and Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and account- carried to the inc for the same respectively excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Ma- dated

jesty’s Exchequer at IVe/lniin/ler and the said Money so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made u

Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arile from the said Duties, or so Duties to be ap-

much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of de- pl>cd in defray, fraving the increased Charges occasioned by any Loan to be made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any infa^i Cha c Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space ^cafioned^ of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, dif- any Loan of this tindly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue, and that there shall be provided and kept in Session, and for the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in Years> which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall, ^5,\^ntedDfor together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Pur- Jheifk^Purpose of defraying such increased Charges as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies p0fcj to be kept paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever. separate from

' other Monits*

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Dogs.

[19th May 1796.]

4 Most gracious Sovereign, \;

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament af- sembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the encreased Charges oc- cafioned by any Loan made, or to be made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose, passed, or to be passed, in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of "July One 51. to be paid thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, every Person who shall keep any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting annually for Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Tarrier, or who shall keep two or more Dogs of whatever Description or De- fverLGIeJ" nomination the same may be, shall be charged and assessed annually with the Sum of five Shillings for each

Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Tarrier, and also for each Doe, where

shall be so kept and every Person who shall inhabit any Dwelling House, alldlt -any of the Duties on inhabited Houses, or on Windows or Lights, and shall keep one Dog and no more.

two or more Dogs

fed to

1 such Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Tarrier, shall be charged and assessed annually with the Sum of three Shillings for such Dog.

36 Geo. III.

H

bound, Sit. 2tad for every Dog whatever where two 01 more are kept; and 3 s. for each Dog not being a Greyhound, &c.

where oniy one is kept by a Housekeeper aflcflVd to the Duties on I loufcs.

Duty not to tx-

tt nd to Dogs not six Months ol>, tftc Proof of which to lie on the Owner.

Duties to be Collected, &c.

as the Duties on Horles.

Mode of making Assessmentt of the Duty, ai.ci of Lists of Do^s.

Commissioners for tUc Duties on Horse* to be

Commissioners for executing this Act, with the like Powers.

Their first Meet.n^, &c.

Surveyors, &c. forth*. Duties on Horses, to act in like Manner in t.>e Execution of this Act.

C. 124. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

4 it 1

, t # p. m

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall charge with the said Duty any Dog or Whelp, which, at the Time of returning the Lift of Dogs kept by any Person as by this Act is required, shall not actually be of the Age of six Calendar Months: Provided also, that ifany Dispute shall aril'e touching the Age of such Dog or Whelp, the Commissioners authorized to execute this Act shall finally determine the same, on Appeal to be made thereupon; and that upon every Appeal to the said Commissioners for any Matter or Thing under this Act, if the Matter in Dispute shall be in respect of the Age of any Dog or Whelp assessed to the said Duty, the Fat! that the same is under the Age of six Calendar Months shall lie on the Owner or Owners of such Dog or Whelp, who shall claim such Exemption, on his, her, or their Oaih or Affirmation, or on the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to be tendered by such Owner or Owners.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed on Dogs, shall be assessed, raised, collect-

, and received, by such Persons, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions* as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, railing, collecting, receiving, and paying, the Duties 011 Horses, in and by certain Acts of the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and certain other Acts passed in subsequent Sessions and in the present Session of Parliament, or in or by any of the said Acts; and that all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Diretions, Penalties, Forfeitures* Jurisdictions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Acts relative to the said Duties on Horses, and in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act for aiTelling, raising, collecting, receiving, and paying, the Rates and Duties on Horses thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and shall be extended to, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for a(fefling, raising, collecting, receiving, and paying, the said Duties on Dogs hereby imposed, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as the same are or may be observed, practised, and put in execution, for assessing, raising, collecting, receiving, or paying, the Rates and Duties granted by the said Acts on Horses, and shall, in the Execution of this Act, be construed in like Manner as if the same Provisions were specially enacted in this Act, so far as the said Powers, Rules, Authorities, and Penalties, and other Matters and Things, are applicable unto and not altered by this Act, except that the same shall not*. by reason of any Exemption from the said Duties on Horses, in the said Acts contained, or any of them, or in any other Act, having Relation to the Duties on Horses, be construed in like Cases to exempt any Person from the Duties on Dogs hereby imposed. », 1

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the first Assessment under this Act, of the said

Duties hereby imposed, shall be made for three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and that in the first Lift to be made out in pursuance of this Act, the same shall contain the greatest Number of Dogs kept in the Year preceding, and ending on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-(ix, and afterwards the said Assessments shall be made for one Year from the fifth Day of April in every Year j and that, in the Lifts to be made out for any subsequent Year* the same shall contain the greatest Number of Dogs kept in the Year preceding, and ending on the fifth Day of April yearly.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall hereafter be authorized or appointed, for putting in execution the said Acts relative to the Duties on Horses, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act, and the Powers herein contained, or hereby directed to be applied, in all and singular the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns* and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and shall hold their first Meeting under this Act at such Time or Times as they shall appoint, before the thirtieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and afterwards shall meet from Time to Time for the Purpose of executing this Act* at such Days and Times as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall think proper to appoint, or as the said Commissioners are or shall be authorized to appoint, for the Purpose of executing the said several Acts relative to the said Duties on Horses, and shall divide themselves into Districts, and proceed in the Execution of this present Act, in such and the same Manner as is prescribed by the said Acts relative tea the Duties on Horses; and the said Commissioners shall, in all Things relative to the Duties by this Act imposed, have the like Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions, in appointing Collectors, making Assessments, and in enforcing, correcting, and amending, or relieving from the same, as are given to them by the said Acts in like cases, relative to the Duties on Horses thereby granted, except so far as any Alteration is made by this Act; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectors, Alfellors, and Collectors, respectively appointed or to be appointed to put in execution the said several Acts relative to the Duties on Horses before mentioned, or any of them, shall respectively be Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in execution this Act, according to the Powers and Authorities given to them respectively by the said several Acts b fore mentioned, and shall respectively cause Notices for preparing Lifts and Declarations to be delivered to all and every the Persons liable to the Duties hereby imposed, at such Times and in such Manner as by the said Acts is required in relation to the said Duties on Horses, and which Lifts and Declarations shall be delivered according to such Notices, and under the like Penalties, and under and subject to the like Powers of being reviewed and surcharged, as are given, appointed, or limited by the said several Acts before mentioned; and that all such Powers, Authorities, Matters and Things shall be put in execution against all and every Person and Persons whatever, who shall keep any Dog or Dogs liable to the Duty by this Act imposed, whether such Person or Persons arc, is, or shall be liable to the said Duties on Horses or not; and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and

*V required

4l7

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Gaorou III.

C. 124.

required to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in execution with relation to the said Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is authorized to put in execution the said Acts relative to the said Duties on Horses, or any Matters and Things therein re-

ipectively contained.

VI. And whereas it may be convenient to enable the Assessors to deliver joint or distinct Notices to Per- Tons liable to any of the Duties on Horses, Servants, or Carriages, or for wearing Hair Powder, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by this Act, on Dogs, according to Circumstances and as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall from Time to Time direct be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, at any Time after the passing gf this Act, to direct joint or distinct Notices to be given to the several Persons liable to any of the before mentioned Duties, as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall fee convenient; and if any Assessor or Assessors, who shall be required by Order of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to prepare, flgn, or deliver any Notice or Notices to the Person or Persons liable to any of the before mentioned Duties, shall ne-gledt or refuse to prepare, sign, or deliver such Notice or Notices, in pursuance of such Order, every such AiTeflor or Assessors shall, on Complaint thereof made to the Commissioners authorized to carry this Act into execution, at any Meeting held within or for the Prccindlof such Assessor or Assessors, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor lets than forty Shillings, as the Commissioners before whom such Complaint is heard shall think fit, to be levied as any other Penalty inflicted by such Commissioners for Ne-glcdl of Duty by any Law* in force may be levied*-

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be desirous of compounding for the Number of Hounds by him, her, or them kept in any Year and shall give Notice thereof within the Time herein after mentioned to the Collector or Collectors of the Duty imposed by this Act for any Parish or Place where such Person shall be liable to be addled, of his or her Intention so to do, and shall pay, or cause to be paid, the full Sum of fifteen Pounds, within thirty Days after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and in any subsequent Year, shall pay, or cause to be paid, the Sum of twenty Pounds, within thirty Days after the fifth Day of rfpril in such Year, such Person shall not be liable to be assessfed in respect of any Hounds by him or her kept in the Year preceding such Notice and Payment; provided that if such Person shall be liable to be act'efled in respect of the said Duty in two or more Parishes or rlaces, then he or (lie shall cause to be given the like Notice to the proper Officers in every Parish or Place where he or she shall be liable to be assessed; and shall declare in which Parish or Place such Composition is intended to be made; and every Collector to whom such Composition shall be paid shall give a Receipt for the same, as and for a Composition for the Duty by this Act imposed.

Commi fti oner* for Taxes may direct jomt or dilUAtt Notices to be g>en to. Persons liable to the Duties on Horses, &c. and Dogs.

Penalty on Assessors neglecting to prepare or deliver Notices.

Persons keeping Hounds may compound for the Duty.

Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raffing and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at IVe/hninster; and

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the Duties by this

(a

IVefhmnjler

the said Money so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise from the said Duties, or so much

thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the encreased Charge occasioned by any Loan made by virtue of any Act passed in this Session of Parliament, and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such encreased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for dny Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case, the said Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County or Place where such Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought, may plead the General Blue, and give General Issue. this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or ‘

Suit shall be brought after die Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City, or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath Treble Costs*

4JT have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated

Fynd.

Duties to be applied in defraying the cn-crcaCd Charges, occasioned by any Loan of tins Session, and for 10 Years together with other Duties granted for the same Purpose, kept apart from other Monies.

Limitation of Actions.

1

1

CAP.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

24 Geo.

Scfl*. a. Cap. 5X

So much of recited Act as relates to ifilling, and affixing stampcdTickets on Hats, and the Provisions for enforcing the Collection of the Duties, to cease.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats.

[19th 1796.]

IV/loft gracious Sovereign, *'

c \\ 7 HERE AS, by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Rates and Duties are imposed on Licences granted to Persons uttering, vending, or selling by Retail, any Hats therein mentioned, and also several other Rates and Duties on Hats uttered, vended, or sold in Great Britain: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Bri~* 4 tainy in Parliament assembled, thinking it expedient that the said Rates and Duties on Ilats should be col- ledled under the Provisions herein after mentioned; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, so much of the said recited Act as relates to the issuing of stamped Paper Tickets by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp Duties, or to the affixing such stamped Tickets in or upon the Hats liable to the said Duties, by the respective Dealers in such Hats, and all Penalties and Provisions therein contained for enforcing the due Collection of the said Duties on Hats, shall cease and determine, and that from thenceforth the said Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, under the Provisions, and subject to the Penalties herein after contained and expressed.; 1

Commissioners of Stamps to provide Stamps, and put this Act

in execution.

Duty to be calculated according to the full Price of the Hat.

Every Hat sold to be stamped on Che Lining.

Shapes for Lining may be sent to the Office to be stampeck

An Account of the Numbers brought, and the Duties, to be entered in a Pook, and the Shapes to be then stamped, on Payment of the Duty.

Commissioners

may open Accounts with

II. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said Duties on Hats, according to the Provisions of this Act, the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required to provide and use such Stamps, to denote the said Duties on Hats, as shall be requisite for the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time to alter or renew the same, or make new Stamps to denote the said Duties, as they, or the major Part of them, shall think fit, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into execution with relation to the said Duties on Hats, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are or is authorized to put in execution any former Law concerning Stamp Duties of any Kind whatever.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Rates of Duty by the said recited Act imposed, shall be calculated at, and according to the full Price and Value of the Hats in respect of which such Duty shall be charged, and of all the Mountings and other Ornaments (except Gold and Silver Lace) /old or exposed to Sale therewith; and that every Hat made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any Mixture of the said Substances, or any of them, or with any other Substance or Substances by whatever Name such Hat shall be called or distinguished, shall be liable to the said Duties by the said recited Act imposed; and every such Hat which, from and after the fifth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be fold and delivered, shall, previous to such Delivery, be lined or covered in the Inside of the Crown thereof with Silk, Linen, or other proper Materials, whereon a durable Mark or Stamp can conveniently be affixed, to denote the Duties by the said recited Act imposed, and on which Materials a Stamp or Mark, to be provided by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, shall have been stamped or marked, according to the Rate of Duty calculated as aforesaid, and according to the Directions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for the greater Convenience in stamping such Materials as aforesaid, any Person or Persons whatever may bring or fend, or cause to be brought or sent, to the Head Office of Stamps, any Quantities proper to be used, and intended to be used for the Purpose of lining and covering the Inside of the Crown of such Hats, and cut into Shapes for that Purpose, to be marked and stamped with such Marks and Stamps, to be provided as aforesaid, to denote the Rates of Duties payable for the Hats to which such Materials are to be affixed, as the Person or Persons bringing the same shall require; and the said Commissioners, or their Officers to be employed under them for that Purpose, or feme of them, shall, from Time to Time, before the said Materials shall be stamped, take an Account of the Number of Shapes which shall be at any one Time brought to the said Head Office to be stamped, and of the several Rates and Duties required by the Person or Persons bringing the same to be stamped thereon, and enter the same in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and upon taking such Account thereof, shall mark or (lamp with one of the said Stamps, one of the Pieces of every such Lining, in such Part thereof, and in such Manner, as that the Stamp put thereon shall be and remain visible and conspicuous when and after the same shall have been affixed to any Hat, in the Manner intended and to be declared as herein is mentioned, the Person or Persons bringing the same to be so stamped as aforesaid paying to the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or his Clerk, the several Duties payable for the same by virtue of the said recited Act, subject to such Discount and Allowance thereon as is herein after provided, which Stamp or Mark, when put on such Lining or Inside Covering, in pursuance of this Act, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Duty denoted thereby to be paid. 5

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Stamp Duties for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to open an Account in Books to be provided

'; TsIJ

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125. 419

by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, with any Person or Persons carrying on the Trade and Business of a Dealer or Dealers in, or a Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Linings for Hats, by> this Act required to be stamped as aforesaid, who respectively shall have given, or caused to be given, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, Security by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of the Duties at the Times and in the Manner to be prescribed by the said Commissioners as herein-afteris mentioned, and from Time so Time, at the Request of such Person or Persons, to stamp such Materials or Linings as shall be brought to the said Head Office for that Purpose, and to return the same so stamped upon the Credit of such Person or Persons, he, she, or they first delivering, or causing to be delivered, to the said Commissioners or their Officers, a Note in Writing, signed by him, her, or them, respectively, of the Quantities of Linings from Time to Time required to be stamped, and the Amount and nomination of the Stamps required to be put thereon, and on the Re-delivery of such Linings so stamped, signing or causing to be signed a sufficient Receipt for the same, for which Payments, if the same shall be duly performed according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, the like Allowances by Way of Discount may be made as are herein directed in case of present Payment of the said Duties; and that every Person upon whose Credit any Linings stamped according to the Directions of this Act shall be returned, and Payment thereof forborne, shall previously give or cause to be given Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Form as the said Commissioners may think reasonable, so as the same may in no Case be less than the penal Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, but shall not in Cases requiring a higher Security exceed in any Case the probable Amount of the Duty which shall be payable by such Person or Persons, for any Space of Time not exceeding one Year, nor less than six Months, with a Condition that if such Person or Persons shall, from Time to Time, well and truly make Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money which shall be due and payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Bond shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to fix the Times and Periods of making such Payments, and to specify the same in the Condition to every such Bond, and which shall not in any Case be by less than two Payments in the Year, at equal Intervals as nearly as may be; and every such Bond may be renewed from Time to Time in the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, as often as the same shall be forfeited, or the Party or Parties or any of them shall die, become Bankrupt or Insolvent, or reside in Parts beyond the Seas j and every such Bond shall at any Time, at the Request of the Obligor or Obligors therein, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, be delivered up to be cancelled, or otherwise, if, in the Discretion of the said Commissioners, the same shall be detained, then the same shall be put in suit for some Breach thereof before the End of the second Term after such Request made, or in default thereof shall be void.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Dealer or Dealers in Hats, being respectively licensed in pursuance of the said recited Act, during the Continuance of

Dealers or Manufacturers on certain Conditions*

wherein no Lining shall be affixed, damped, or marked, as by this Act is directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons bringing any Linings or Inside Coverings for the Crowns of Hats to be marked or damped as aforesaid, shall, on Request made by the said Commissioners, or any of their Officers, declare the Uses of the different Parts or Pieces of any Lining or Inside Covering lb brought, and also the Form and Manner of affixing every Part and Piece thereof in the Crown of any Hat, and shall shew, to their Satisfaction, in what Part of such Lining or Inside Covering the Mark or Stamp can be put thereon, so that such Mark or Stamp so put thereon, when the same shall be affixed in or to any Hat, shall be visible and conspicuous *, and the said Commissioners, being satisfied therewith, shall cause the same to be marked or damped according to the Directions of the Person or Persons bringing the Came, and they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, to make such Regulations as they shall think fit and necessary, as well to prevent the Concealment of the

Licensed Dealers may frll un-lined or un-,ts rtamped lined Hats to one another.

Stamp upon any Linings or Inside Coverings affixed to or in any such Hats, as to prevent the Stamps fold and difoofed of therewith, from being made use of again for the like Purpose, contrary to the Provisions of this Act j which Regulations aforesaid, fairly printed, by Order of the said Commissioners, shall be delivered to all and every Dealer or Dealers aforesaid now licensed, upon, his, her, or their applying for the same, and to all and every Person and Persons to be hereafter licensed, at the Time of his, her, or their taking out the first Licence, to be taken out after the passing of this Act, and so from Time to Time with every future Licence that shall be granted, if any Variation or Alteration shall have been made in any of such Regulations.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, no Person or Persons (other than Manufacturers of Hats, or such licensed Dealers as aforesaid felling Hats to other licensed Dealers, as herein mentioned) shall fell and deliver upon Sale, or cause to be sold and delivered upon Sale, any Hat or Hats subject to the said Stamp Duties by the said recited Act unposed, or shall receive or cause to be received any Thing or Value, uy Way of Barter or in Exchange for any Hat subject to the said recited Duties, or any of them, wherein no Lining or Inside Covering shall be affixed at the Time of such Sale or Delivery, or wherein there shall be a Lining or Inside Covering affixed, which shall not be marked or damped according to the Directions of this Act, or that shall not be marked or Itatnped with a Mark or Stamp, placed and affixed in the Inside of the Crown thereof, in such 1 6 ~ Manner

Persons bring*

Linings to be (Limped, to declare the UseS of the different Parts, and the Mann:rof fixing thereof in the Hat, and where the Stamp can be-affixed to be visible.

Commissioners to cause the Linings to be ftnmpcd accordingly; and to make Regulations to prevent

‘. / / a Concealment of

Stamps, or their being made use of again; to be delivered to Dealers.

None but Ma-mtlatturiTs, or licensed Dealers* fc.ling to one another, to fill or barter un-Lned Hats, or with unstampi d Linings, Arc. on Penalty of icl.

420

Penalty of 10J. lor affixing

/tamped Lift*

ings, after having been used,

to other Hats.

Penalty of 101. for receiving on Sale (excepting licensed Dealers from one another), or wearing Hats, without un-stamped Linings.

Licensed Healers may send to the Office not less than a dozen lined Hats to be stamped.

and may fell to other Dealers lined Hats for Sale for Home Consumption, or to any Persons for Exportation, without being stamped. Persons not liable to Penalty for wearing Hats damped according to recited AO, If worn be.'ore Aug. 5> J7y6«

Proof of Duty under recited AO having been paid, to lie on the Owner of the Hat. Persons offend, ing discovering the other Paity, if convicted, freed from Penalty.

StampedLin-ings damaged, or Stamps under recited Act not used, may be cancelled by the Commissioners.

C. 125. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Manner as to be visible and conspicuous therein, or that shall be marked or stamped with a Mark or Sump of less Denomination or Value than by the said recited Act and this Act is directed and required, under Pain that all andeveiy such Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, far every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, from and after the said fifth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, cut or tear out, or cause to be cut and torn out, from any such Hat as aforesaid, the Lining or Inside Covering thereof, or any Piece or Part of such Lining or inside Covering, which Lining or Inside Covering, or Piece or Part thereof, shall bear the Impression of any Mark or Stamp provided by virtue of this Act, after the same Lining or Inside Covering shall have been used or worn, or disposed of with such Hat or Hats, with an Intent to affix the same, or cause the same to be affixed, to any other Hat or Hats liable to any of the said recited Duties, or with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall, with like Intent, affix, or cause to be affixed, any Lining or Inside Covering, or any Piece or Part of any Lining or Inside Covering, bearing the Impression of any such Mark or Stamp, after the same shall have been uled or worn, or sold or disposed of therewith, all and every the Person and Persons so offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, if any Person or Persons (other than licensed Dealers) buying Hats from other licensed Dealers as aforesaid, shall receive on Sale, or if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, wear or life any Hat subject to any of the Duties by the said recited Act imposed, wherein no Lining or Inside Covering shall be affixed at the Time of such Delivery, or if such Hat, being so uled or worn, wherein a Lining or Inside Covering shall be affixed, shall not be marked or stamped according to the Directions of this Act, or shall not be marked or stamped with a Mark or Stamp placed therein in a visible and conspicuous Manner, then every such Person offending therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That.any Dealer in Hats duly licensed in pursuance of this Actj may bring or fend, or cause to be brought or sent, to the said Head Office, any Number of Hats, not less than one dozen at any one Time, whereon a Lining or Inside Covering as aforesaid shall then be affixed, to be marked and stamped with such Marks and Stamps as aforesaid as the Person or Persons so licensed shall require, subject to such Account of the Number of the Hats so brought, and of the Rates and Duties payable for the same, as herein-before is directed with respect to Linings brought to be stamped; and the said Commissioners or their Officers shall cause the Lining or Iniide Covering of every such Hat then affixed therein, to be marked and stamped in some conspicuous and visible Part thereof, according to the Directions herein-before contained, and the Person or Persons so bringing such Hats to be stamped mail pay, or cause to be paid, the Duties payable for the same, subject to the like Discount and Allowance as is herein directed to be made on Payment of the said Duties; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Dealer or Dealers in Hats so licensed, during the Continuance of such Licence, to fell to any other Dealer or Dealers in Hats licensed in like Manner, any such Hat or Hats, lined as aforesaid, for the Purpose of felling the same again for Home Consumption, or to any Person or Persons whatever for Exportation, before such Time as the Lining orlnfide Covering thereof shall have been marked or stamped in Manner before directed: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be confirued to extend, to subject any Person to the Penalty hereby imposed, for using or wearing any Hat which shall have been duly stamped or marked according to the Directions of the said recited Act, and which shall have been used or worn at any Time before the fifth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; Provided also, that the Proof of such Hat having been marked or stamped according to the Directions of the said recited Act, or of its having been used or worn before the fifth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall lie on the Person accused.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if in any Action, Suit, or Information, "for any Offence in using or wearing any Hat or Hats contrary to this Act, any Dispute shall arise whether the Duty by the said recited Act imposed hath been duly paid for such Hat or Hats, the Proof of the Fact that the Duty has been paidior such Hat or Hats shall lie on the Owner of such Hat or Hats, or Person accused of using or wearing the same contrary to this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, FThat if any Person or Persons, who shall offend against this Act, shall, before his, her, or their Conviction of or for such Offence, discover the other Person or Persons offending therein, the Person or Persons so discovering shall be admitted to give Evidence against the Party informed against or prosecuted; and in case such Person or Persons so informed against or prosecuted be thereupon convicted, shall be freed and discharged from any Penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, by him, her, or them incurred for any Offence against this Act previous to such Discovery.

XIV. And be it further erracted, That if any Stamp or Mark impreUed upon any Lining or Inside Covering by virtue of this Act, or any Lining or Inside Covering whereon any such Mark or Stamp ia marked or stamped, shall be damaged'in affixing the same in or to any Hat as aforesaid, or in it am ping the same, or otherwise, so as to be rendered unfit for Use, and such Lining or Inside Covering shall not have been used or worn, or sold or disposed of, with any Hat or Hats, or if any stamped Paper Tickets, provided under the said recited A Cl, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, remain in the Possession of any li-

1* - censed

A

1796.

tricesimo sexto

C. 125

421

confed Dealer in Hats which shall not have been used, or worn, or fold, or disposed of, with any Hat or Hats, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons licensed in pursuance of this Act, to bring all such Linings or Inside Coverings so damaged, or any Linings or Inside Coverings having any damaged Marks or Stamps impre(led thereon, or at any Time within one Calendar Month after the said fifth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to bring any such stamped Paper Tickets which shall not have been used, or worn, or fold, or di'posed of as aforesaid, to the Commissioners for managing the said Duties, at their Head Office, or to some Officer or Officers appointed by them; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby respectively empowered and required to examine upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, which Oath or solemn Affirmation the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized to administer, into all or any Circumstances relating to the same, and upon due Proof made, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, of the Value of the respective Stamps brought to the said Commissioners, and also that such Linings or Inside Coverings so damaged, or having impressed thereon any Mark or Stamps so damaged, and such damped Paper Tickets as aforesaid, or any of them, have nor, nor hath before been used or worn, or sold or disposed of with any Hat or Hats, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to direct the proper Olficcror Officers, and such Officer or Officers is and are hereby required and directed to cancel such damaged Marks or Stamps impressed upon such Linings or inside Coverings, and also to cancel such stamped Paper Tickets, and to mark or stamp any Linings or Inside Coverings in lieu thereof, with Marks and Stamps of the same Denomination and Value, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, any Sum or other Consideration for so doing.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said fifth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, hawk or carry about for Sale any Hat or Hats liable to atiy of the said recited Duties, without any Lining or Jnlidc Covering affixed thereto or therein, or without a Lining or Inside Covering duly marked and stamped with a Mark or Stamp visible and conspicuous on (ome Part thereof, as by this Act is directed, to denote the Payment of the Duty for the same at the Kate aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Person to seize, apprehend, and carry before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, any such Person or Persons so offending; and every Person so seizing or apprehending such Offender or Offenders, and carrying him, her, or them before such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, upon Conviction of every such Offender or Offenders, by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and producing a Certificate of such Conviction under the Hand of such Justice, which Certificate the said Justice is hereby required to give, (without Fee to be taken for the same,) shall be entitled to a. Reward of forty Shillings, to be paid by the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties; and it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace to commit every such Offender, so apprehended and convicted as aforesaid, to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding fix nor less than two Calendar Months, as to such Justice shall seem meet.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to manage

the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall allow and pay to the respective Persons that shallpurchalc Stamps at the Head Office, to the Amount of ten Pounds at anyone Time, in pursuance of this Act, such Allowance by Way of Discount, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury shall from-'Time to Time direct, upon the present Payment of the said Duty or Duties upon the said Stamps so to them supplied.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall make any Bargain for the Sale of any Hat or Hais, subject to the Duties by the said recited Act imposed, or shall deliver in any Bill or Charge (or any such Hat or Hats fold, such Person and Persons respectively shall distinguish the Price of every such Hat from the Amount of the Puty payable thereon, and shall, in every such Bi.lor Charge, also make a distinct and separate Charge for the Stamp or Stamps which shall have been impressed upon the Linings or Inside Covet ings of such Hat or Hats so charged in such Bill.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to export from the lawful Quays, in the lawful Hours, and in the Manner herein directed, any Number of Hats, not less in Quantity than one Dozen in any one Package, either lined or unlined, and if lined, then without the same being stamped or marked, as by this Act is directed.

~2; or with unstamped Linings'

_ Eg

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to Persons coun-be counterfeited or (orged, any Stamp or Mark directed to be allowed or used, or provided, made, or used, in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, with Intent to de/radd His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or shall utter, vend, or (ell, or expose to Sale, or cause or procuie to be uttered, vended, or fold, or exposed to Sale, any Piece of Silk, Linen, or other Material or Thing, with such counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeited, or if any

Persons carrying about Hats for Sale without Lining or not duly rtampid, may be apprehended and carried b< fore a-Magistrate, and the Apprehend-cr on Conviction of the Offender to be entitled to 40 a.

Offenders may be committed to the House of Correction. Discount to be made on purchasing Stamps to the Amount of 101.

Price of Hats in Bargains or Bills to be dieting uished front Duties.

Hats, rot left than a Dozen in a Package, may be exported unlined f

terfeiting Stamps, &c. guilty of Felony.

Person shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be uied by this Act, with Intent and Design to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties, then every

m

Death as mC__________, __________ 0/

XX. And be it further enacted, "That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, snJ all other Matters and I bings prefenbed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any Stamp Du-except in Cases where other Powers, Penalties, or Provisions are made or prescribed by this Act in lieu i thereof,

Power of former Acts relating to Stamp Duties to extend to this Act.

42 2

Application of - Fen ltics.

Recovery of Penalties.

7u >iccs may h«ar and determine Offences subjecting; to pecuniary Penalties, and levy the Time by Diilitfe.

Offenders miy be committed for Want of Diflrcfs.

Appeal may be. made to the Qu Tier Sessions.

Penalty of 5l. on Witnesses lor Default.

Justices to caulr Conviction to be made out in the following

Form.

Convictions to be returned to 'the Quarter Sessions to be filed.

C. 125.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

thereof, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and shall he applied and put in execution for raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been repeated in this present Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and dif-tributed (if sued for within the Space of six Calendar Months from the Time of any such Penalties being incurred) in Manner following j that is to say, one Moiety thereof to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succef* fors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons for Of-

fences committed against this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, and in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland-, for Offences committed in Scotland^ by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed. '

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, at any Time within six Calendar Months after such Offence shall have been committed against this Act, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witness or Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fast, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confeflaon of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath he is hereby empowered to admi-mfter,) to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in or by this Act is directed, (all which Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged shall be divided and distributed, one Aloiety thereof to the Informer or Informers who shall prosecute for the same, and the other Moiety thereof, the necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted, shall be paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Manner herein-afterdirested,) and to award and iflueouthis Warrant, under his Hand and Seal,f>r levying any such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, (if any,) and where Goods of the Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty or Penalties, to commit the said Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of three Calendar Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty or Penalties shall be sooner paid |and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find him or herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he, she, or they shall or may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded, in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, wherein the Offence was committed, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same j and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs, occasioned by such Appeal, as to them the said Justices shall seem meet.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall ne-

tleft or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable ixcufe for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as in and by this Act is directed as to other Penalties.

XXV. And, in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious Appeals, be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis, which Conviction shall be good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, without stating the Case, or the Fafts or Evidence, in any more particular Adanner; (that is to say,)

Day of

in the Year of our Lord

yf, B» of

13 E it remembered, That on the--

in the county of ——- was convicted before me C.D. one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near to the Place where the Offence was committed, for that the said A.B. on

‘ the-----Day of----- now last past, at the-----of - in the said County of did [Here

c JJatc the Offence against the Act] contrary to the Statute in that Case made and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal, the -

Day of

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be written fairly upon Parchment, and returned to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Cleric of the Peace, and there to remain and be kept among the Records of the same County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place: Provided a>ways

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo (exto Georgii III. c. 1 26.

423

Justices may mitigate Pe-

Convictions not removable,

2,369 1. 17 s.

9 d. to be set apart Quarterly out of the Duties granted by recited Act, and the Remainder to be applied in defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan of this Session, and for ten Years, with other Duties granted for the same Purport, kept fe-ali other Monies#

Limitation of Actions.

nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where be shall fee Cause* to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall thin* tit, the reasonable Costs of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed, over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to leis than one Moiety of the Penalties incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges, any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Conviction shall not be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That at the End of every Quarter of a Year after the passing of this Act; (that is to say,) on the tenth Day of Gfiober, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of Aprils and the fifth Day of July, in every Year, there shall be set apart, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, out of the Alonies arising from the Duties on Hats granted by the said recited Act, the Sum of two thousand three hundred and sixty-nine Pounds seventeen Shillings and nine Pence, being One fourth Part of the Average Yearly Produce for three Years next before and ending on the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, of the said Duties; and thatafter letting apart such Quarterly Sums as aforesaid, the Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Duties shall be deemed an addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Hook or Books, in which all the Surplus Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, (h&Jl, together with any Monies arising from any Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, fori the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

parate from

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in purffianc^ of this Act, then and in every such Case the said Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the FadI committed, and not afterwards* and shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought may plead the General Cencrallflaei Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: and if it shall appear to be fodorie, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City, or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if, upon fuctv Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-suit, or discontinuehis, her, or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants Treble Costs-

bath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament#

[19th May 1796.]

4 Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sums herein- mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;’

2.500,000l. may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund; which may be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this Act not to be rated to any Tax.

4t Tallies of Loan to be (truck, &c. Orders for Repayment to be registered and paid in course. No Fee to be taken for registering, C$c. Penalty for taking Fees, and for undue Preference in registering, &c.

Not to be deemed undue Preference which Orders of the same Date, brought the same Day, ar^ entered u first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought for Pay-14 ment, if Money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the Sum u hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer Bills, in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Act of the present Session; the Provisions of which Act (except such as charge the Bills on the Malt Duties, and limit the Rate of Interest) to extend to this. Bills and Interest, &c. to be discharged out of the Consolidated

Fund.

M

Bank may advance 3,500,000l. on the Credit of this Act. Monies raised by the Malt Duties, Land Tax, Annuities; further Annuities; Lottery; and 3,500,000l. out of Consolidated Fund, to be applied (with the Residue of the Sale of French Prizes) to the L/fes hereafter expressed. 7,052,552 /. 1 x. 8 d. u for Naval Services for 1796. 500,000l. for discharging the Navy Debt. 875,488l. 141. id. for Land

14 Service of the Ordnance for 1796. 279l. 4*. \d. for ditto, previous to Dec. 31, 1783. 45,656l. ox.

td. for ditto in 1794; 61,000l. 8 x. yd. for Sea Service ofdittoin 1794; 762,046l. 13s.6d. for Land Service of ditto in 1795; 210,194l. 15;. in/, for Services of the Ordnance prior to Dec- 31, 1705* 36 Geo. III. 3 I, 4< 200,000l.

424

C. 127.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

200,000l. to the King of Sardinia. 11,707,399 /. 9 s* 10 d. for Land Service in 1796; viz. 1,358,624l. is. 9d. for 40,219 effective Men, Officers, tAc. in Great Britain^ Guernsey, and Jersey; 1.066,900l. is. 6 d. for Forces in the Plantations, Gibraltar, Ccrjica, and New South Wales; 40,195l. 4 j. 9</* for Difference between British and /r/^j Pay of fix Regiments abroad; 8,345 /. 16 s 2 d. for Regiments in East India; 360,000l. for Recruiting, Contingencies, &c. 120,000l. for the encreased Rates for

quartering Soldiers; 103,642l. 1 s. 3 d. for General, Staff, and Hospital Officers in Great Britain, &c. 9259l. i8j. 6 d. for ditto, on an Expedition under General Clarke \ 127,779/- 14J. 11 d. for Supernumerary Officers; 143,490l. 13l. 5d. to the Paymaster General, Secretary at War, lAc.; 118,873 /. i8r. lid. for Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines; 1261. is. 6d. for Reduced Officers, &c. of the Horse Guards; 1000l. for Officers late in the Service of the States General; 52,500l. for Reduced Officers of the British-American Forces; and 7,500 /. for Allowances to them; 917,294l. 14 s. 1 d. for the Militia and Fencibles; and 210,000l. for their Contingencies, Uc.; 108,538 /. 171. id. for Militia Cloathing; 470,636 /. 19 s. 8 d. for Fencible Cavalry; 115,000l. for Allowances and extra Feed to ditto; 146,0^7l. 4;. id. for Chelsea Hospital; 10,933l. i6r. 9 d. for Widows Petifions; 438,035 /. 3 s. id. for h oreign Corps; 290,000l. for barracks; 2,646,990l. 19 s. 10 d. for Extraordinaries of the Army, from Dec. 25, 1794, to 14, 1795; an(l 885,673 /. 19 s. tod. for ditto, from Nov. 15, to Dec. 24, 1795; 1,350,000l. for ditto for 1796. 2,000,000l. for discharging Exchequer Bills, made out under 35 Geo. III. Cap. 21. 1,500,000l. for discharging ditto made out under 35 Geo. III.

Cap. 21. 2,500,000l. for discharging ditto made out under 35 5^. III. Cap. 37. 29,921l. izj. 6d. issued pursuant to Addresses of the Commons. 7,100l. for the Civil Establishment of Upper Canada; 5415l. for Nova Scotia; 4,550l. for New Brunswick; 1,900l. for the Island of Saint John in America; 1,800l. for Cape Breton; 1,232l. 10 5. for Newfoundland: 4,200l. for the Bahama Islands;

580l. for the Chief Justice of Bermuda; 600l. for the Chief Justice of Dominica; 5,2411, for New South Wales; 20,000l. for Forts in Africa; 233,485l. 4*. io*/. for his Majesty's Service abroad; 129,3 co /. for the Relief of the Refugee Clergy and Laity of France. 28,500 /. for American Sufferers; 2966l. 41. 6 r/. for extraordinary Expences for Prosecutions relating to the Coin. 1858l. 125. 5 d. for the Journals of the House of Peers. 1334 /. 7 s. for the weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown Sugar; 384 /. 7 r. for Attendance on the Committee for making the Approach to the Houses of Parliament more commodious; 51 /. 5 5. for Attendance upon the Committee appointed to enquire into the Abuses of Franking rn the Public Offices; 8,685 / 11 s. 4 d. to Duncan Campbell, Esq. for Convicts on the Thames; 12,072 /. 1 /. 6d. to fames Bradley, Esq. for Convicts in Langston and Portsmouth Harbours; 15,088 /. 7 s. 10 d. 1 q. for Expences on Account of the Settlement at South Wales; 5000l. for Expences on the Prosecution of Warren HqJlings, JL(c\.; 2741l. 16 s. o d. iq. for the Purchase of the Parliament Office; 2232 /. 14*. 4 d. 3 q. for Expences on Account of the Alien Act; 306 /. 19 s.od. v q. for Stationary for Upper Canada; 200,000l. towards the Reduction of the National Debt; 197,803l. 55. 5d. 3 q. for Part of Orders made out pursuant to 28 Geo. III. Cap. 40. for the Relief of American Loyalists; 53,3871. 7 s. 6 d. for Part of Orders made out pursuant to 30 Geo. III. Cap. 34. for the Relief of American Loyalists; 4500 /. for Roads and Bridges in North Britain; 5000 I. to the Levant Company; 3000l. to the Board of Agriculture; 3000l. to the British Museum; 1500 /. to the Veterinary College; 2>347>9S4 / ioj. 9*/- 3 9- for Deficiency of Grants for 1795.* By 3c Geo. III. Cap. 120. 128,864l. 3l. yd. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers for 1795; the Overplus of which may be disposed of to Officers maimed, &c. as his Majesty shall diredi."

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act for enabling the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase Ground for building Warehouses upon, and to make a new Street from Petticoat Lane to White Street, instead of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane.

[19th May 1796.]

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo septimo.

4 AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twelfth Day of Juty* ^nno ^dmini one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-seventh Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; being the first Session of the eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.*

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

[zd November 1796.]

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain>

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

[41. in the£.] [2d November 1796.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, talcing into our serious Consideration such Expences as are absolutely necessary for supporting your Majesty's Government, and being resolved to supply the same, have, for that End and Purpose, chearfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty the several and respective Rates and Assessments hereafter mentioned; and we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of two millions thirty-seven thousand six hundred twenty-seven Pounds nine Shillings and one Farthing shall be raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, by such Proportions, and in such Manner and Form, as hereafter in this Act are expressed.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, from Time to Time appointed and employed in the Receipt, Management, and Government, of the Duties on d>a!t, shall be assessed upon this Act for their Salaries and other Profits of their Places in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, where the Salaries and other Profits of the said Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, were assessed, and not elsewhere, so as the full Proportion which was assessed on the said Division of Saint Martin in the Fields in the City and Liberty aforesaid, in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, be again assessed thereon by virtue of this Act; and so as any other Division, District, Parish. or Place, to which the said Office has been or may be removed, be not charged with a greater Proportion in respect of the said Salaries and Profits, than it was in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That out of the Sum to be assessed on the said Commissioners for the Receipt, Management, and Government, of the said Duties on Salt, their Clerks and other Officers, there shall be paid to the Collectors of the Land Tax for the Division, District, Parish, or Place, to which the said Office is or may be removed, one Moiety thereof, and also the Whole of the Land Tax for all ^additional Commissioners, Clerks, and other addi-

37 Geo. III. 3 K tional

*>037,6*7!,

95. 1 q. to be raised in Great Britain.

Commissionew, &c. of the Salt Office to be assessed in St.

Martin’s Parish.

A certain Portion of such Assessment to be paid to the Collectors for the Diflrifl to which such Office may be removed.

426

*6 Geo. III. Cap. 107.

34 Geo. III.

Cap. 16.

Lieutenants of Counties, appointed by virtue of the first recited Act, to carry this into Execution:

In their Absence Deputy Lieutenants may aft.

If a sufficient Number of qua-' Ujied Persons cannot be found, Officers in the Army, or who have retired from the Army or Militia, may be appointed, though not qualified. Number of Private Men to be as fellows.

[Total for the 40 Counties in England, *9,441. For the 12 in

Walcf, 4437*

Total to be raised under this Act;

63,378; The

Humber raised under fiat 26

Geo. 3. c. 107. is 30,740; making in the whole 54,618 besidestbe Augmentation by Volunteers allowed under fiat.

34 GEO. 3.X.16.]

C. 2, 3. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

tional Officers of the said Duties on Salt which shall or may be hereafter appointed and employed in the said Receipt, Management, or Government, to be applied in Aid of the Assessment to be laid upon the said Division, District, Parish, or Place, by virtue of this Act.

CAP. III.

An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed, and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

[11th November 1796.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, a certain Number of Men are directed to be raised in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places in England, to serve in the Militia; and by another Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia, the several Regiments, Battalions, and Companies of Militia, have been augmented by such Numbers of Volunteers as his Majesty hath, under the Authority of the said last mentioned Act, thought proper from Time to Time to add thereto: And whereas, in order to prevent or repel any Attempt which the Enemies of the Country may make to effect a Descent upon this Kingdom, it is expedient to augment the Militia Forces in such Manner, and to provide that such Augmentation may be trained, and exercised to Arms, without Delay, and embodied in case of Emergency :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty's Lieutenants, constituted and appointed by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, for the Counties, Ridings, and Places herein after mentioned, shall respectively have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such Persons, and in such Manner, as is herein after directed; and the said Lieutenants shall also have, and are hereby veiled with full Power and Authority, to carry this Act into Execution, and to appoint a proper Number of Officers acting with the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, raised by virtue of either of the said Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-fourth Years aforesaid, for such County or Riding, or such other proper Persons as are duly qualified and approved of, according to the Directions of the said former Acts, or this Act, or such other Persons as are herein after described, to be Officers of Militia, to train, discipline, and command the Persons so to be armed and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein after mentioned, and to do all other Acts, Matters, and T hings necessary for carrying this Act into Execution, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually, as they are authorized to carry into Execution the said former Acts, or any of them; and that in the Absence of any Lieutenant, or where there shall be no Lieutenant, the Deputy Lieutenants, duly authorized by his Majesty, may aft in all Things touching the Execution of this Act, as they might do in the Execution of the said former Acts. - I

» 4

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if a sufficient Number of Officers acting with the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, raised by virtue of the said former Acts, for the County, Riding, or Place, or of Persons qualified as aforesaid, cannot be found to accept of Commissions in the Supplementary Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, to appoint for that Service, such a Number of the Officers in the Army, whether on Full or on Half Pay, or of Persons whd have had Commissions in any of his Majesty's Forces, or in the Militia, and have retired therefrom, as his Majesty shall approve, although not duly qualified as aforesaid; such Officers not to be appointed, on their first Appointment, to any higher Rank in the said Supplementary Militia, than they respectively have, or have had, in his Majesty's other Forces or in the Militia.

---

III. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be as follows; [that is to say,)

For the County of Bedford, two hundred and fifty-four.

For the County of Berks, seven hundred and forty-nine.

For the County of Bttcksy six hundred and sixty-two. For the County of Cambridge, six hundred and forty-six.

For the County of Chester, with the City and County of the City of Chester> one thousand four hundred and sixty. f LJ 'j KJ

---

For the County of Cornwall, eight hundred and twenty-eight.

For the County of Cumberland, one thousand one hundred and eighty.

For the County of Derby, one thousand six hundred and sixty-six.

For the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, one thousand six hundred and ninety-four.

For the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Poole, one hundred and eighty-five.

For the County of Durham, eight hundred.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. 427

For the County of Essex, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six.

For the County of Gloucester, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and County of the City of Bristol, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven.

For the County of Hereford, six hundred and sixty-two.

For the County of Hertford, five hundred.

For the County of Huntingdon, none.

For the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

For the County of Lancaster, five thousand one hundred and sixty.

For the County of Leicester, nine hundred and twenty-eight.

For the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, two thousand one hundred and forty.

For the County of Middlesex, (exclusive of the Tower Division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets,) five thousand eight hundred and twenty.

For the County of Monmouth, three hundred and sixty.

For the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, one thousand nine hundred and ninety-two.

For the County of Northampton, one thousand one hundred and twenty-eight.

For the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, eight hundred and twenty-four.

For the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, eight hundred and ninety six.

For the County of Oxford, eight hundred and fifty-two.

For the County of Rutland, eighty.

For the County of Salop, one thousand five hundred and fifty-eight.

For the County of Somerset, two thousand nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, eight hundred and forty-seven.

For the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Litchfeld, two thousand and ninety-five.

For the County of Suffolk, one thousand four hundred and seventy.

For the County of Surrey, two thousand four hundred and sixty.

For the County of Sussex, one thousand one hundred and sixty.

For the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, (but exclusive of Birmingham,) nine hundred.

For the County of Westmorland, three hundred and fifty.

For the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, eight hundred and twenty-five.

For the County of Wilts, one thousand and forty-nine.

For the West Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, four thousand six hundred and ninety-four.

For the North Riding of the said County, one thousand three hundred and sixty.

For the East Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, eight hundred and sixty one.

For the County of Anglesea, three hundred and twenty.

For the County of Brecon, three hundred and forty.

For the County of Cardigan, four hundred and seventy-four.

For the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, seven hundred and ninety.

For the County of Carnarvon, one hundred and seventy-six.

For the County of Denbigh, four hundred and twenty.

For the County of Flint, three hundred and eleven.

For the County of Glamorgan, six hundred and twenty-two.

For the County of Merioneth, one hundred and seventy-four.

For the County of Montgomery, two hundred and fifty-nine.

For the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverford West, three hundred and thirty-one.

And for the County of Radnor, two hundred and twenty.

---

IV. And be it further enacted, That at the several Meetings of the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of every County, Riding, and Place, which shall be holden in pursuance of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, at any Time after the passing of this Act, or at any Special Meetings to be held for she Purpose, if neccftary, the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants there respectively attending, and also the Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, or Place, shall carry this Act into Execution, in like Manner as they are directed to carry into Execution the said Act, except where any Alteration is made by this Act; and that at the first* Sub-division Meeting of Deputy Lieutenants, held within their respective Sub-divisions, after the passing of this Act* at which a Return of the Lists of Men liable to be ballotted

At Meetings in pursuance of the first recited Act the County Lieutenants,

See. to carry this into Execution as that Act, except where hereby altered* At the first

428

C. 3.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

into the Militia, by virtue of the said former Acts, shall have been, or shall be then made, the Deputy Lieutenants there attending, shall cause a Duplicate of such Lists to be made out, and after hearing Appeals against the same, shall direct the Duplicate of such Lists to be amended as the Case shall require, and in such Manner that the Names of all Persons liable to be ballotted for by virtue of this Act to serve in the Supplementary Militia, hereby directed to be raised, shall be inserted therein, and shall also direct the Names of all Persons by this Act respectively excepted from so serving, to be (truck out of the Duplicate of the said Lilt; and shall appoint the Times and Places for their second Meetings, within their respective Sub-divisions; and shall return to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of the said General Meetings, Certificates, under their Hands, of the Number of Men in each Parish, Tything, or Place, specified in the Duplicate of the Lift so amended, and the same shall be filed by the Clerk for the Use of the General Meetings, and which General Meetings are empowered to alter the same, in like Manner as they may do under the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That a General Meeting of Lieutenancy shall be held in each County, Riding, or Place, as soon after such first Sub-division Meeting as may be, and before the Time appointed for the second Sub-division Meeting *, and at such General Meeting the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or such of them as shall be present at such Meeting, shall appoint the Number of Men to serve in pursuance of this Act for each Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, within such County, Riding, or Place, according to the Numbers contained in the Certificates received from the several Sub-division Meetings, in such Manner as they are authorised to do by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid.

Subdivision Metting at which a Return of Men liable to be ballotted by virtue of the former Acts shall be made, a Duplicate of the Lift shall be made, in which the Names of Persons liable to be' ballotted for under this Act, shall be inserted,&c.

A General Metting of Lieutenancy to be held as soon as may be after the first Sub-division Meeting, at which the Number of Men

to serve for the County in pursuan:e of this Act shall be appointed.

At the second. Sub division Meeting the Number of Men to serve for each Parish shall be appointed, and also another Metting.

Orders to be issued to the Chief Condables to give Notice to the Constable of each Parish of the Number so appointed, and of the next Subdivision Meet, ing, at which they shall be chosen by Ballot out of the Duplicate of the Lid and another Meeting appointed, and Order iflhed to

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants, assembled at their said second Meeting held after the passing of this Act, within any Sub-division as aforesaid, shall appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Parish, Tything, and Place, within such Sub-division, in Proportion to the Number appointed to serve for each Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division $ and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, and within three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was holden, within the same Sub-division; and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constables, or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, requiring them to give Notice to the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of every Parish, Tything, or Place, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, of the Number of Men, so appointed to serve for such Parish, Tything, or Place, and of the Time and Place of the next Sub-division Meeting; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such Appointment, shall cause the Number of Aden appointed to serve as aforesaid, to be chosen by Ballot out of the Duplicate of the Lift returned for every Parish, Tything, or Place aforesaid, and amended, where Occasion requires, according to the Directions of this Act, and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden, as soon as conveniently may be, and within three Weeks, in the same Sub-division; and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constables, or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, to direct the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of every Parish, Tything, or Place, to give Notice to every Man so chosen to serve in the Supplementary Militia, to be raised by virtue of this Act, to appear at such Meeting, which Notice shall be given or left at his Place of Abode, at lead seven Days before such Meeting; and such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall attend such Meeting, and make a Return upon Oath of the Days when such Notice was served; and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and there take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

the Chief Constable to direct the Constable to give seven Days* Notice to the Men so chosen to appear thereat. Constable to make a Return upon Oath at the Meeting; and Persons chosen to take the following

Oath;

And to be enrolled.

Persons chosen may find Substitutes of the same County, who, if approved, shall be enrolled and sworn.

Substitute not to be objected to on account of the Number of his Children.

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty 4 A King George: and I do swear, that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End thereof.’

And every such Person shall be enrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to feive in the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, as a Private Militia Man, during the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End thereof. Y frfr

VII. Provided always, That if any Person so chosen by Ballot shall produce, for his Substitute, a Man of the same County, able and fit for Service, and who shall be approved by the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, such Substitute, so produced and approved, shall be enrolled to serve in the said Supplementary Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, as a Private Militia Man, for such Term as the Person for whom he shall be a Substitute shall have been chosen to serve, and such Substitute shall take the Oath before-mentioned; and any Person so chosen by Ballot, for whom such Substitute shall have been so produced, approved, enrolled, and sworn as aforesaid, shall not be again ballotted for in pursuance of

this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Deputy Lieutenants shall not reject any Person so produced as a Substitute for or on account of the Number of his Children} any Thing in any former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3 429

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, so chosen by Ballot, who shall have been enrolled in the said Supplementary Militia, shall at any Time, during the Continuance of this Act, produce for his Substitute any Person of the Description before- mentioned, who shall be approved by the Commanding Officer of the Militia now serving for the County, Riding, or Place, where such Person was so chosen, it shall and may be lawful for such Commanding Officer to cause such Substitute to be enrolled to serve in the said Supplementary Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, in lieu of the Person so chosen by Ballot, which Enrolment shall be made in the Manner before directed; and that upon the Enrolment of such Substitute as aforesaid, the Person so chosen by Ballot shall be entitled to his immediate Discharge.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to provide Volunteers to serve in the said Supplementary Militia, for any Sub-division within any County, Riding, or Place, and to produce such Volunteers before any Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace of the same Sub-division, at any Time previous to the Day appointed for choosing the Men by Ballot to serve for such Sub-division, or the said Supplementary Militia, in pursuance of this Act, or for any Persons willing to serve therein, to offer themselves to serve in the said Supplementary Militia for any such Sub-division, and to appear before any such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace within such Time and at such Place as aforesaid; and every Person so produced, or appearing, who shall be approved of by the said Deputy Lieutenant or any justice of the Peace as aforesaid, may be enrolled to serve in the said Supplementary Militia as a Private Man during the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the Enel thereof* and shall take the Oath hereinbefore prescribed; and such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively before whom any such Volunteers shall be enrolled, shall cause the Clerks of the Meetings for the respective Sub-divisions to enroll the Names of all such Volunteers in such Manner as they are required to enroll the Names of Persons chosen by Ballot; and the Names of all such Volunteers shall be so enrolled within their respective Sub-divisions before the Time appointed for ballotting the Men within the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if the Number of Volunteers enrolled by virtue of this Act in any Sub-division, before the Time appointed for taking the Ballot as before directed, shall not amount to two-third Parts of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised within such Sub-division, the Deputy Lieutenants shall, at the Time and Place before appointed, proceed to ballot for such Number of Men only as shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Sub-division, making a fresh Appointment of the Number of Men to be raised for the respective Parishes and Places in such Sub-division, according to the Number then wanted as aforesaid; and that if the Number of Volunteers who shall have been then enrolled, shall amount to or exceed such two-third Parts, then the said Deputy Lieutenants may suspend the Ballot appointed to be taken, for any Space of Time not exceeding five Days, (of which, like Notice shall be given as is hereinbefore directed,) and they shall forthwith transmit an Account of the Number of Volunteers so enrolled, to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, who shall transmit the same, without Delay, to his Majesty's Privy Council; and it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Privy Council, on the Transmission of such Account, to direct a further Suspension of the said Ballot for such Time as shall be deemed expedient, in order to give a reasonable Opportunity to complete the Quota of such Sub-division by the Enrolment of Volunteers; and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, acting for such Sub-division, within the Time allowed by his Majesty's Privy Council, to enroll such further Number of Men as Volunteers in the said Supplementary Militia, as shall be wanting to complete the Quota of Men to be raised for such Sub-division, in the Manner before directed: Provided always, that if at the Expiration of the Time allowed by his Majesty's Privy Council, the whole Number of Men to be raised for such Sub-division shall not have been enrolled, the Deputy Lieutenants, without further Delay, shall proceed to ballot for the Number of Men then wanted to make up such Number, making a fresh Appointment of the Number of Men to be raised for each Parish or Place, according to the Numbers then wanted as aforesaid; but if at the End of the Time so allowed, the whole Number of Men to be so raised for such Sub-division shall be completed, then the Deputy Lieutenants shall transmit an Account thereof to the Lieutenant of the said County or Place, who shall transmit the same to his Majesty's Privy Council; and in such Case no Ballot shall take place for such Sub-division.

Persons chosen and enrolled producing Substitutes who shall be approved

by the Commanding Officer, shall be en« titled to their Discharge.

Persons may provide Volunteers previous to the Meeting for choosing Men by Ballot, or Persons may offer themselvei to serve in the Supplementary Militia, who may be, enrolled and fwotn*

If the Volunteers so^ enrolled fhafndt amount to Two-thirds of the whole Number to be raised for the Sub-division, the De. puty Lieutenants shall at the Time appointed ballot for the Remainder of the Whole; and if they Hull amount to that Number the Ballot may be ft spended for five Days, and an Account of the Volunteers enrolled sent to the County Lieutenant, and by him be transmitted to the Privy Council, who may dirtd a further Suspen-fion, in erderto complete

Quota by Volunteers; if the Quota is not completed in the Time allowed, the Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed to ballot for the Number wanted; tut if completed, they shall transmit an Account to the Lieutenant to be sent to the Privy Council, in which case no Ballot shall take place.

No Person exempted from being chosen by Ballot by reafen of his Enrolment in any Volunteer Corps, or

ailing as Gamekeeper, shall be admitted as a Volunteer under this

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person entitled to be exempted from being chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Supplementary Militia, by virtue of this Act, by reason of his Enrolment in any Volunteer Corps herein after mentioned, or by reason of his being or acting as Gamekeeper to any Lord or Lady of a Manor, who shall be enrolled to serve according to the Directions of any Act to be oalied in this Session of Parliament, shall be admitted into or enrolled in the said Supplementary Militia as a Volunteer, under the Provisions of this Act.

XIII.

to any

And be it further enacted, That if any Overseer of the Poor of any Parish or Place, shall give

olunteer or Volunteers enrolled in the said Supplementary Militia, in the Manner before directed, any aum of Money not exceeding four Pounds four Shillings each, to serve in the said Supplementary Militia for such Parish or Place, it shall be lawful for such Overseers to reimburse themselves out of any Monies

of the Rates then raised, or to be reimbursed out of any Monies thereafter to be raised for the Relief of the

Poor,

Overseers giving to Volunteers not more than four Guineas, may reimburse themselves out of the Poor R*es.

430

9

If the Number of Men for any Sub-division shall not be enrolled at the appointed Meeting, the Deputy Lieutenants xnay pro* coed to a fresh Ballot.

A Deputy Lieutenant or Justice may adrmnifter the Oath to Persons who are to serve, and shall direct the Clerk

This Act not to delay levying Men to complete the embodied Milith.

Persons chosen by ballot (not being Quakers) not appearing, &c. to forfeit 15 1. and to be liable to serve again at the next Ballot; and if the Penalty be not paid, shall be compelled to serve.

The Powers of the first recited Act with respect to Quakers, to extend to this Act.

Certain Persons exempted from Service in the Supplementary

Militia.

C. 3. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Poor, in such Manner as they may reimburse themselves, or be reimbursed for any Monies by them expended in Matters relating to the Poor.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if, through the Neglect or Mistake of any chief Constables, Constables, or other Officers, or from any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed for any Sub-division should not be duly enrolled at the Meeting appointed for that Purpose, as before directed, then the Deputy Lieutenants at their said Meeting, or any two or more of them, may, and they are hereby required, immediately to cause the Lifts to be amended, and to proceed to a fresh Ballot, and to adjourn their Meeting, or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending of the Lifts as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution; and it shall be lawful for any one Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, to administer the Oath herein-before required to be taken by Persons to serve in the said Supplementary Militia to any Person ballotted, or to any Person offering as a Volunteer, under the Directions of this Act, or to any Person who shall offer to serve as a Substitute, and such Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, is hereby authorized to direct and require the Clerk of the Sub-division for which every such Person, by whom the said Oath has been before him taken, is to serve, to enroll the Name of every such Person, together with the Date of the Day on which the said Oath was so administered to him, in the Roll of such Sub-division.

>fthe Sub-division to enrol the Persons sworn.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be conftrtied in any Manner to im-

pede or delay the levying of Men who ought to be raised trom Time to Time to complete the Militia now embodied, or to vary the Manner of proceeding therein according to the Directions of the said Act of the twentyrfixth Year aforesaid; but that all such Levies shall be effected in like Manner as if this Act had not been passed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot, according to the Directions of

this Act, to serve in the said Supplementary Militia, (not being one of the People called §>gtakers,) shall re-fufc or neglect to appear, and take the said Oath, and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute, to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said Oath, and sign his Consent to serve as his Substitute, every such Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifteen Pounds, and whenever any Ballot shall take place in the same Parish or Place, under the Authority of this Act, be liable to serve again, or provide a Substitute; and in Default of Payment of such Penalty, or for Want of sufficient Effects whereon to levy the same, the Name of such Person shall be entered on the Roll, and such Person shall be delivered over to some proper Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, for which he was ballotted, and shall be compelled to serve in like Manner as any other Person who should be then ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the same Punishments for afterwards absconding or deserting, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared, and been duly sworn and enrolled as a Militia Man.

XVII. Provided always, That the Powers contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, with respect to the People called Quakers, shall be carried into Execution in the levying of Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, as fully and amply as if the same had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this

ACT., I

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall serve as a Commissioned Officer in any Regiment, Troop, or Company, in his Majesty's other Forces, or Militia now embodied, or in any Corps of Volunteers raised by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coajls, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War, and who shall have been duly entered therein, on or before the twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or in any one of his Majesty's Castles or Ports, nor any Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Man, serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, or Militia, or in any such Volunteer Corps as aforesaid, or who shall have offered themselves and been accepted to serve upon Vacancies which shall have happened on or before the said twentieth Day of October or.e thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, nor any Person being a resident Member of either of the Universities, nor any Clergyman, nor any licensed Teacher of any separate Congregation, nor any Constable, or other Peace Officer, nor any Person being and having been, on or before the twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, an Articled Clerk, Apprentice, Seaman, or Scafaiing Man, nor any Person mustered, trained, and doing Duty, or employed in any of his Majesty's Docks or Dock Yards, for the Service thereof, or employed and mustered in his Majesty's Service in the Tower of London, Wool-wich Warren, the several Gun Wharfs, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Store Houses belonging to his Majesty, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, nor any Person being free of the Company of Watermen of the River Thames, nor any Poor Man havii g more than three Children born in lawful Wedlock, under ten Years of Age, or infirm, nor any Gamekeeper who shall cause himself to be enrolled to serve according to the Directions of any Act to be passed i*n this Session of Parliament, nor any Person who has served personally or by Substitute in the Militia raised by virtue of the said former Acts,*shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia, to be raised by virtue of this Act; but no Person who has served in any of his Majesty's Forces, or in any Volunteer Corps

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. 431

before mentioned, or as a Substitute in the Militia raised by virtue of the said former Acts, or of this Act, and hath been discharged, or quitted the same, shall by such Service be exempted from serving in the Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act, if he shall be chosen by Ballot.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, assembled at any Sub division Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Supplementary Militia, is unable by Reason of any Infirmity, oris otherwise unfit for the Service, such Deputy Lieutenants shall, and are hereby empowered and required to discharge such Person, and immediately to amend the Lift for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another Person to be chosen in his Stead, by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Militia Man, after having been sworn and enrolled by virtue of this Act, shall become unfit for Service, it (h ill be lawful for the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of the County, Riding, or Place where such Militia shall be raised, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Militia Man belongs, if the Militia raised by virtue of this Act shall not then have been embodied and called out in purfuarce of the Directions herein after contained, or for (he Commanding Officer only, if the said Militia shall then be embodied and called out, to discharge any such Militia Man of his Service in the said Militia, but another Man shall not be ballotted for in the Room of such Militia Man so discharged, until such Discharge shall be confirmed under the Hands of two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place to which any such Militia Man belongs, assembled at any Meeting in the Sub-division for which such Militia Man was enrolled.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when any such Militia Man shall, before the Expiration of the

Term for which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer in the said Militia, or be discharged in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, the Vacancy thus occasioned shall be filled up by a fresh Ballot for a Militia Man to lerve according to the Provisions of this Act, except as hereinbefore excepted.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a Militia Man by virtue of this Act, such Enrolment shall not vacate or refeind the Contract, or alter the Employment, between such Servant and his Master or Mistress, and Employer or Employers, unless the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place, for which such Servant shall be enrolled, shall be embodied or called out by his Majesty, or ordered so to be in pursuance of this Act, or unless such Person so enrolled shall leave the Service of his Master, Mistress, or Employer, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, for the Space of twenty Days in pursuance of this Act, and shall not return again to the same Service at the End of such twenty Days, or as soon after as reasonably may be, allowing to his Master, Mistress^ or Employer an Abatement from his Wages in Proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his said Service, to be settled by a Justice of the Peace in the Manner herein after mentioned; and in every such Case, where any Dispute shall arise between his Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, and such Servant, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant, for or on account of his Service performed before the Time of his Departure from Service under the Conditions of the said Enrolment, or by being called out to join the Militia in which he shall have been so enrolled, or touching any Abatement to be made by such Servant by Reason of his Absence, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall and may bc4awful, on Complaint made thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Town Corporate, or Place, where such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching the same, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant, in Proportion to the Service he has performed, or such Abatement from his Wages, in Proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his Service, as the Case may require, as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the Sum in question do not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds; and in case of Refuel or Non-payment of any Sums so ordered to be paid, by the Space of twenty-one Days next after such Determination, such Justice shall and may issue forth his Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Mailer or Mistress, Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall receive Money from any other Person to

serve as his Substitute in the said Supplementary Militia, or from any Person or Persons to serve as a Volunteer in pursuance of this Act, and shall neglect to appear at the usual Meeting appointed for swearing the Militia Men, or before some one Deputy Lieutenant, in order to be sworn according to the Directions of this Act, every such Person so neglecting to appear and be sworn, being convicted thereof before any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, shall be obliged to return the Money to the Person or Persons from whom he received it, and shall also forfeit and-pay to such Person or Persons any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be so convicted; and if such Offender shall not immediately return the Money so by him received as aforesaid, and likewise pay the said Penalty, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of three Calendar Months, or until the said Sum shall be returned. Gaol

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Man chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Supplementary Militia, shall have engaged any other Man to serve as his Substitute, or if any Person or Persons shall have engagedscry Man to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and the Man so chosen by Ballot, or such Person or

7- Persons

Deputy Lieutenants to discharge unfit Persons chosen by Ballot, and cause others to be chosen.

When an enrolled Militia Man shall become unfit for Service, he may be discharged, but another shall not be ballotted for till his Discharge be confirmed by two Deputy Lieutenants.

Vacancies occasioned by Death, &c. to be filled up by a fresh Ballot.

The Enrolment-of a Servant shall not vacate the Contract between him and his Employer, except in certain cases.

The Servant to allow an Abatement in his Wages for the Time he shall be absent from his Service. Disputes respecting the same, as to Sums not exceeding ao 1. may be settled by a Justice, who may order the Money to be le--vied by Distress-

Substitures or Volunteers neglecting to appear to be sworn, to return the Money rtceived, and also forfeit not exceeding 5 1. or In Default of either to be committed to for three Months.

If any Man

chosen by Ballot

43*

C. 3»

m m " T* pin M %| * m V« I

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

any Person shall engage 9 Voluiw

tter, and shalt

after Enrolment refuse to pay him the Sum agreed on, a Justice may order it to be paid immediately, and

Regulations for calling out and training the Supplementary Militia.

Persons shall have agreed to pay to the Man so engaged a certain Sum for such Service, and shall, after such Man has been enrolled, refuse to pay him the full Sum agreed on, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace on Application made to him, and such Justice is hereby required to order such Sum of Money as shall appear to him to be due to the Man so engaged, to be immediately paid to him by the Person or Persons by or for whom he shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid, and such Justice shall proceed therein in the same Manner as is directed by an Act of the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better adjusting and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better regulating of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices.

proceed accordingly as under Stat. ?o Geo. 2. c. 19.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Supplementary Militia to be raised as aforesaid, or such Part thereof as shall be appointed by the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to be trained and exercised together, shall be called out for the Purpose of being trained and exercised for the Space of twenty Days, and which training and exercis-ing shall commence as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be; and in every County, Riding, or Place in which it shall have been appointed, that the whole of such Supplementary Militia shall not be trained or exercised at the same Time, then the respective Parts thereof shall be trained and exercised successively, until the Whole of the Men serving for such County, Riding, or Place shall have been trained and exercised for the Space of twenty Days; and that for the Purpose aforesaid the Men serving for such County, Riding, or Place, shall be called out to be so trained and exercised, in such Manner, and in such Proportions, at such Time or Times, and Place or Places, in such County or Riding, as shall be appointed by the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, at a General Meeting of the Lieutenancy, to be holden as hereinbefore directed, or in Default of any such Meeting being holden, then by the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, or by three Deputy Lieutenants, authorized by his Majesty to act as aforesaid; and that during such Time as the Men shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, they, and each of them, shall be subject and liable to the lame Orders, Regulations, Pains, and Punishments, as the Militia Forces are subject and liable to by the said former Act, during the Time of their Annual Exercise; Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy, to alter the Places appointed for assembling the Men for Exercise, and from Time to Time to appoint other or additional Places as they shall find expedient, giving the like Notice thereof as is herein required to be given of the Places first to be appointed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Militia Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be

The Men while assembled for training, to be subject! to the same Regulations as the Militia are by the former Act.

The Place for Exercise may be altered.

The Men to be trained by such Officers, tec. of the Regiments serving for the respective Counties as can be spared; or the Lieutenants and Deputies, with the Approbation of his Majesty, may appoint Officers as herein directed; such Officers,

Arc. entitled to the same Pay as in the Militia; and no such Officer to be deprived of Half-pay.

trained and exercised during the respective Periods of twenty Days, by such Officers, Non-commissioned

tppointed to act as

tive Regiments, Battalions, or Companies of Militia serving for their respective Counties or Ridings, as may

Officers, and Drummers, or Private Men, appointed to act as Non-commissioned Officers, of the relpec-

be conveniently spared from Service, and shall be detached for that Purpose; and where a sufficient Number of such Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, or Drumfners, cannot be conveniently spared, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lieutenants, and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to appoint for that Service proper Officers as is herein-before directed; and all such Officers, Non*-commissioned Officers, or Privates appointed to act as Non-commissioned Officers, shall be entitled to the fan^e Pay during such Service as the Officers and Non-commissioned Officers of Militia are entided to receive during the Times of Annual Exercise, over and above any other Pay, or other Emoluments or Allowances, to which they, or any of them, may be respectively entitled in the Corps to which they may belong; and no such Appointment of any Officer entitled to Half-pay shall be construed to deprive such Officer of such Half-pay during the Time he shall serve in the said Supplementary Militia.

Notice of the Time and Place of Exercise shall, by Order of the General Meetings, be sent by their Clerk to the Clerks of the Sub-divi-fion Meetings, and the Deputy Lieutenants shall cause the Men to be called out as herein mentioned.

Men not attending, liable to the Penalties oCthe first recited ACft.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That Notices of the Times and Places of Exercise of the Militia Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall, by Order of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, be sent by the Clerk of the General Meetings to the Clerks of the several Sub-division Meetings in the respective Counties, Ridings, and Places; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, at some Sub-division Meeting to be held for carrying this Act into Execution after the Receipt of the said Notices, shall cause the Men serving for such Sub-division to be called out in such Order and Course as shall have been notified by the Clerk of the General Meetings as aforesaid, and for that Purpose shall issue Orders to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions respectively, with Directions to forward the same to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Officers within their respective. Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions,^ which Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs', or other Officers, shall cause such Notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the Door of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Tythings, or Places, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging the reto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tything, or Place thereunto adjoining; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, are hereby required also to give Notice, in Writing, to the several Militia Men who shall be called out to be trained and exercised at such Times and Places respectively, by serving them personally, or by leaving the same at their usual Places of Abode, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise, according to such Notices respectively, and, in

Default

0

433

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3.

Default thereof, shall suffer the same Pains and Penalties as by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid are in such Case directed and imposed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the several Sub-division Meetings in every County, Riding, or Place, shall, within the Space of ten Days after the Men shall be enrolled, cause a full and true Lift, Ipccifying the Name and Date of the Enrolment of all the Persons enrolled (within each Sub-division respectively) to serve in such Militia, and the Time and Place of Exercise, to be transmitted to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia raised by virtue of the said Act of the twenty* sixth Year aforesaid, for the County or Riding for which such Persons have been enrolled by virtue of this Act, or to such Person as shall be appointed by such Commanding Officer to receive the lame; and shall in like Manner cause a Duplicate of such List to be transmitted to the Adjutant of the said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company.

Commanding Officer of the respective Regiments, and a Duplicate

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That Arms, Accoutrements, and such Cloathing, may be provided for the Militia Men raised by virtue of this Act, as shall be deemed necessary by the Lord Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, with the Approbation of his Majesty, and that one-sixth Part of the Arms and Cloathing so provided, or so much as shall be necessary for the Men called out to be trained and exercised, shall be delivered to the Use of the Militia during the Time of their being trained and exercised by virtue of this Act, and that the Residue of such Arms and Cloathing shall be kept in such secure Place as his Majesty shall direct; and all Muskets delivered for the Service of the Militia shall be marked distinctly in some visible Place with the Letter (M) and the Name of the County, Riding, or Place to which they belong; and in case any Militia Man shall (ell, pawn, or lose any of his Arms, Cloaths, or Accoutrements, or negle<5l or refuse to return the same, in good Order, to his Commanding Officer, or to the Person appointed to receive the same, every such Militia Man shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pav a Sum not exceeding five Pounds; and if such Militia Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

XXX., And be it further enacted, That the Arms belonging and delivered out to the Militia raised by virtue of this Act, when not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient Place as the Commanding Officer shall direct, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, authorised as aforesaid, of the County, Riding, or Place.

Ten Days after the Men are enrolled, Lists of them, and the Time and Place of Exercise, shall be transmitted by the Clerks of the Sub division Meetings to the to the Adjutant.

Regulations respecting Arms, Accoutrements, and Cloathing.

Penalty on Men for felling, pawning, lofirg, or not returning Arms, Scc.

The Arms,

when the MiJi. til is not embodied, to be kept where the Commanding Officer shall direct.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieutenants, authorized by his Majesty, and he and they is and are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, serving in the said Supplementary Militia, at the Times when they shall respectively be called out to exercise, in Inns, Ale-houses, Victualling Houses, Livery Stables, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine, or Metheglin, by Retail; and also to order and provide convenient Lodging in such Houses as aforesaid, for the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, of the said Supplementary Militia, whenever the same shall not be so called out to exercise, unless embodied and called out to actual Service.

The Supplementary Mili* tia, when called

1 w 9

out to exercise,-may be billetted in Inns, &c. and Lodgings may be provid. J-‘ <, for the Non-

commissioned Officers and Privates, when not embodied.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual Invasion, or upon imminent Danger thereof, it shall be lawful (or his Majesty (the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then fitting or in being) to order and direct the Lieutenants of the said several Counties, Ridings, and Places, or on the Death or Removal, of in the Absence from their respective Counties, Ridings, or Places of any of them, then any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, with all convenient Sieed, to draw out and embody all the Militia within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places hereinbefore appointed to be raised and trained, or so many of them as his Majesty shall in his Wisdom judge necessary, and in such Manner as shall be best adapted to the Circumstances of the Danger, and to put the said Forces under, the Command of such General Officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said Forces to be led by their respective Officers into any Parts of this Kingdom, and for the repelling and Prevention of any fijeh Invasion; and such Militia Men so drawn out and embodied may be incorporated into the respective Companies of Militia then serving for the same County or Riding, by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, or may be formed into a distinct Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, or into an Independent Company or Companies, in such Manner as shall have been fixed by the Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, with the Approbation of his Majesty; and such Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Drummers, may be appointed to the said Militia, when so drawn out and embodied, as shall appear to be necessary, and according to Circumstances, so that the Number of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Drummers respectively, shall not exceed the Proportion allowed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid; and that all Officers newly appointed, shall be approved of by his Majesty in the Manner directed by this Act; and the Officers, Non-commissioned Officer*, Drummers, and Private Men, so appointed, whether incorporated as aforesaid, os formed into Regiments, Battalions,

37 Geo. III. 3 L or

His Majesty may order all the Militia to be embodied* in Cases of actual Invasion, Scc. and commanded and led by General Officers, &c. the Occasion being communicated :o Parliament if fitting; or otherwise by Proclamation,

t

434

C. 3.

_ ft

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

No Part of the

Militia raised under this Act9 shall he ordered out of Great Britain.

or Indcpcncant Companies, shall, from the Time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall be returned again, by his Majesty's Orders, to their respective Parishes or Places of Abode, remain under the Command of such General Officers; and during such Time as aforesaid, all the Provi-iions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be in Force with respeiTc to the said Militia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the said Militia, in all Cases whatsoever.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole or any Part of the Militia directed by this Act to be raised and maintained, Hull, on any Account, be carried or ordered to go out of Great Britain* fee / A £ Av *.

When riie Supplementary Militia is called cut, his Majesty may issue a Pro-c’amation for the Meeting of Parliament in 34 Days;

Andwhen so ordered out, the County Lieutenants are to issue Orders to the Chief ConAa-bles, to be forwarded to the Constablfcs, who shall cause Notice to be given to the Militia

Men to attend.

Men not attending, may be apprehended as Deserters; and Persons harbouring them to forfeit 5l.

V^hen called out, the Receiver General of the Land Tax to pay one Guinea for the tffe of each Man.

Captains to account with the Men for the Mon$y.

Militia when embodied to be entitled to the same Pay as the other Forets, and Non-commiAioned Officers and Privates

Ey Jan. 5, 1797.

a Certificate to be transmitted 40 the Clerk of

# I

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall cause the said Supplementary

Militia, or any Part thereof, to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the Parliament shall then be fe pa rated by such Adjournment or Prorogation as will not expire within fourteen Days, his Majesty may and shall issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within fourteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet and lit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and continue to fit and act in like Adanner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That when his Majesty shall think fit to order the said Supplementary Militia, or any Part thereof, to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, and Place, or (on the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence from his County, Riding, or Place) any three or more Deputy Lieutenants to whom any such Order as aforesaid from his Majesty shall be directed, shall issue his or their Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, with Directions to forward the same immediately to the Constables, Tythingmen, Head-boroughs, or other Officers of the several Parishes, Tythings, and Places within their respective Hundred?, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, and Divisions, and such Constables, Tythingtncn, Headboroughs, *or other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Militia Men, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective Parishes, Tythings, or Places, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned irr such Order; and if any Militia Man so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any Infirmity, incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, every such Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Act which shall be then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and if any Person shall harbour or conceal any Militia Man when ordered out into actual Service, knowing him to be a Militia Alan, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum oi five

Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Supplementary Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, shall be embodied and called out into actual Service, the Receiver General of the LanJ Tax for such County, Riding, or Place, shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captains or Commanding Officers of Companies of Militia respectively, the Sum of one Guinea for the Use of every Private Militia Man who shall be so called out; and the said Receiver General shall also pay to every Captain or other Commanding Officer of a Company as aforesaid, the Sum of one Guinea for every Recruit as early as may be after such Recruit shall have joined his Company, when out in actual Service as aforesaid, (all which Money so paid by the said Receiver General, shall be allowed’him in his Account); and the Money so received by any Captain or other Commanding Officer (or so much thereof as Inch Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper) shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for the respective Militia Men; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, before any Militia Man of his Company receives his Discharge, account to such Adilitia Man how the said Sum of one Guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall pay the Remainder of the Money (if any) to the said Alania Man.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That from the Date of his Majesty's Warrant for drawing, the said Militia out into actual Service, the Officers and Private Alen of the said Militia shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Private Alen of his Majesty's other Regiments of Foo: receive, and no other; and if any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man of the said Militia, shall be maimed or wounded in actual Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital, with any Nou-comrmilioned Officer or Private Man belonging to any of his Majesty's other Forces.

to Chelsea Hospital.

XXXVIII. And whereas it may happen through Neglect, or otherwise, that in fbme County, Ridlnp, or Place, the Militia may not be raised according to the Directions of this Act, and it is just and reasonable that ail his Majesty's Subjects shall contribute equally toward the Expence of railing and supporting a Militia

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. .3, 4. 435

litia for the Defence of the Kingdom; be it therefore further enacted, That the Lieutenant or any three Deputy Lieutenants of every County, Riding, and Place, where the Militia shall be raised, according to the Directions of this Act, shall, on or before the fifth Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thou-fa ad seven hundred and ninety-seven, transmit a Certificate to the Clerk of the Peace, containing an Account of the Number of Private Men of the Militia raised by virtue of this Act, and every such Clerk of the Peace shall deliver such Certificate to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Session to be held next after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on the Day on which such Session shall be opened, and the same shall be filed amongst the Records of such Session; but where no such Certificate shall be received by the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, he shall certify the same under his Hand and Seal to the Justices so assembled, and such Certificate of the said Clerk of the Peace shall be filed by him amongst the Records of such Session.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in evefy County, Riding, and Place, where no such Certificate shall be transmitted to the Clerk, of the Peace as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace of such County, Riding, or Place, at the same General Quarter Sessions where such Default shall be made as aforesaid, shall, Unlcis an Apportionment shall have been made according to the Directions of this Act, diligently proceed to apportion the Number of Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, in each Town, Parish, or Place, and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to do all Acts necessary for that Purpose, which the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants are hereby authorized to do, and the said Justices shall adjourn such General Sessions from Time to Time, until such Apportionment be completed; and that the Sum of fifteen Pounds shall be annually pUid, for and in lieu of every Private Militia Man by this Act directed to be raised within the same County, Riding, or Place, making such Default, and shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County by the respective Overseers of the Poor of the several Towns, Parishes, and Places; and the Justices of the Peace shall and are hereby required, at their laid General Quarter Session, to rate and ailefi the Sum of fifteen Pounds upon every Town, Parish, and Place within such County, Riding, or Place, for every Man which such Town, Parish, or Place ought to rails by virtue of this Act, and the same shall be levied, collected, received, paid, and accounted for in stich Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers of Distress, and other Remedies for enforcing the Collection and Payment thereof, and for punishing all Persons whose Duty it shall be to collect or account for the same, who shall make Default therein, are directed with respect to Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of such Town, Parish, or Place.

the Trace c( the Number of Private Mm raj fed, who shall deliver it to the next Quarter Scrtion to be filed; and where none shall be received, he shall certify the same to the In dices.

Where no Certificate shall be transmitted, the Quarter Sessions, unless an Apportionmert shall have been made, shall proceed to apportion the Number, and adjourn the Sessions till completed.

1 5l. to be paid annually by die Overseers for each Man wanting. Quarter ScfTiow to assess the Money on the respective Pa-fifties, Arc.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be chosen by Lot and enrolled to serve in the said Supplementary Militia, to be raised by virtue o( this Act, shall, when ordered out to be trained and exercised for twenty Days as aforesaid, leave a Family unable to support themselves, the Over-fecr or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Place where the Family of such Militia Man shall dwell, shall, by Order of finne one Justice of the Peace, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Tything, or Place, pay to such Family the following Weekly Allowance; that is to say, a Sum not exceeding one Shilling for each and every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of ten Years, and a Sum not exceeding one Shilling for the Wife of such Militia Man, whether he shall or shall not have any Child or Children; and in every Parish, Tything, or Place, where the Money arising by such Rates shall not be sufficient for the Purpose aforesaid, a new Rate or Rates shall be made for raising a Sum sufficient for

that Purpose. *:. k

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Claufts, Matters, and Things, contained in the aforesaid Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act of Parliament relative to the raising, training, embodying, and calling out the Militia, or providing for the Families of Militia Men called out, or in any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament relative to the paying, cloathing, or subsisting the Militia, shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution with respect to the Militia, directed to be raised by this Act, in as full and ample a Manner, as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters and Things, were again repeated and enacted in this Act, so far as the same are applicable to the Provisions of this Act, and are not repugnant to or altered by the express Provisions of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force during the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End thereof.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. IV.

The Families of Militia Men chosen by Lot, when ordered to be trained, to receive a weekly Allowance from the Overseers of the Poor.

The Powers of all Acts relating to the MtJiliat* extend to this Act as far as applicable.

Continuance (

Act.

Act may be altered or repealed this Scf*

fion.

4

An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the

Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

[iith November 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the Public Service, at the present Conjuncture, that the most effectual Measures should be adopted, for providing a speedy Supply of Men to serve in his Majesty's Army € and Navy May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be

C. 4. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

levied, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Bgr~ wick upon Tweed, in the several Counties and Places herein after mentioned, such able-bodied Men to serve his Majesty in the Army or Navy of Great Britain, at such Times, and in such Manner, as is herein directed; and that the Number of Men to be levied for the said respective Services, by virtue of this Act, shall be as follows; (that is to say,)

For the County of Bedford, eighty-seven, for the Army.

For the County of Berks, one hundred and forty, for the Army.

For the County of Bucks> one hundred and fifty-two, for the Army.

For the County of Cambridge, one hundred and sixty-three, for the Army.

for the City of Cljcsler, with the City and County of the City of Chester, three hundred and nineteen, for the Army.

For the County of Cornwall, two hundred and fifty-two, for the Navy.

For the County of Cumberland, two hundred and thirty-eight, for the Navy.

For the County of Derby, two hundred and fifty-two, for the Army.

For the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, five hundred and nine, for the Navy.

For the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Poole, one hundred and eighty-four, for the Navy.

For the County of Durham, two hundred and twenty-four, for the Navy.

For the County of Essex, three hundred and sixteen, for the Navy., -

For the County of Gloucester, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and County of the City of Bristol, two hundred and sixty-one, for the Navy.

For the County of Hereford, one hundred and thirty-three, for the Army.

For the County of Hertford, one hundred and forty-eight, for the Army.

For the County of Huntingdon, fifty-eight, for the Army.

For the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and such of the Cinque Ports as are situate within the said County of Kent, five hundred and seventy, for the Navy.

For the County of Lancaster, seven hundred and sixty-three, for the Navy.

For the County of Leicester, two hundred and thirty-seven, for the Army.

For the Division of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, two hundred and forty-eight, for the Navy; for the Division of Kesteven, in the said County of Lincoln, one hundred and twenty-one, for the Army; and for the Division of Holland, in the said County of Lin coin, seventy-five, for the Navy.

For the City and County of the City of London, two hundred and fifty-seven, for the Army.

For the County of Middlesex, inclusive of the Division commonly called The Tower Hamlets, and the Liberty of the Tower, five hundred and eighty-four, for the Army.

For the County of Monmouth, seventy-five, for the Army.

For the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, three hundred and thirty seven, for the Navy.

For the County of Northampton, one hundred and seventy-eight, for the Army.

For the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, two hundred and twenty-eight, for the Navy.

For the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, two hundred and nine, for the Army. \ v* ft

For the County of Oxford, one hundred and sixty-five, for the Army.

For the County of Rutland, thirty, for the Army.

For the County of Salop, two hundred and twenty-eight, for the Army.

For the County of Somerset, four hundred and fifty-five, for the Navy.

For the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, three hundred v and fix, for the Navy.

For the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Litchfield, three hundred and seventeen, for the Army.

For the County of Suffolk, three hundred and forty-one, for the Navy.

For the County of Surrey, four hundred and nineteen, for the Army.

For the County of Sussex, with such of the Cinque Ports as are situate within the said County, two hundred and twenty-three, for the Navy.

For the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, two hundred and fifty, for the Army.

For the County of Westmorland, ninety, for the Army.

For the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, one hundred and fifty-six, for the Army.

For the County of Wilts, two hundred and seven, for the Army.

For the East Riding of the County of York, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, two hundred and twenty-seven, for the Navy; for the West Riding of the said County, seven hundred and eighty-nine, for the Army; and for the North Riding of the said County, with the City and County of the City of York, three hundred and eighty-five, for the Navy.

8 j

436

Men to be levied in the Proportions following.

f Total for 1 be Army 6525; viz. 5764 in England, and 761 in Wales. For the Natty j 6142, all in England. Total of Men to be raised,

12,667.]

For

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sept

C.

437

For the County of Anglesea, forty-four, for the Army.

For the County of Brecknock, fifty-three, for the Army.

For the County of Cardigan, forty-seven, for the Army.

For the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, eighty-seven, for the Army.

For the County of Carnarvon, forty-seven, for the Army.

For the County of Denbigh, ninety-five, for the Army.

For the County of forty-nine, for the Army.

For the County of * Glamorgan, ninety-nine, for the Army.

For the County of Merioneth, fifty-six, for the Army.

For the County of Montgomery, ninety, for the Army.

For the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest, sixty, for the Army.

For the County of Radnor, thirty-four, for the Army.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to constitute and appoint, in the several Counties of Great Britain, (except in the City and County of the City of London,) so many Officers to regulate the Admission of Men to be levied under the Authority of this Act for his Majesty's Service, as his Majesty shall deem necessary, who, being so respectively appointed, shall establish a convenient Place or Places of Rendezvous, in each such County (except the City and County of the City of London as aforesaid) for the Reception of such Men; and every such Man so to be levied shall, before his Enrolment, be examined by one such Regulating Officer at the lead, as to his Ability to serve his Majesty; and every such Officer shall have full Power of approving or of rejeding any Man tendered to serve his Majesty, subject nevertheless to such Controul as by this Act is particularly directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the several Counties aforesaid, shall, within a Time not exceeding twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act, assemble together at some convenient Place in each County, where the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace have heretofore or usually been held, and there hold a Court of General Sessions, for the Purpose of carrying effectually into Execution the Powers given to them by this Act; and that in every Case where any City, Town, or Borough, being a County of itself, or any Cinque Port or Liberty herein before particularly mentioned, is hereby directed to be united with any County at large, in estimating the Number of Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, the Justices of such City, Town, or Borough, being a County of itself, and of such Cinque Port or Liberty, who shall have duly qualified themselves to ad, and shall have acted before the passing of this Act, as such Justices respectively within the proper Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, and no other, shall assemble themselves together with the Justices of such County at large, who shall also be qualified and shall have acted in like Manner; and the Justices so assembled shall respectively have and be entitled to exercise the Powers and Jurisdictions of Justices of the Peace, in all Things touching the Execution of this Act, as well for such City, Town, or Borough, being a County of itself, and of such Cinque Port, or Liberty, as also for such County at large, and shall be deemed and taken to be such Justices respectively, without any other or further Qualification; and that the said Justices so assembled may, from Time to Time, as often as they shall find it necessary, adjourn such Court of General Sessions, so that such Adjournment shall not be fer any longer Time than from Day to Day [Sundays excepted) until they shall have fully and effectually carried this Act into Execution, in respedof the Powers veiled in such Court of General Sessions by this Act, except as to such Adjournment as shall be made to the Quarter Sessions as herein after is mentioned; but that such Justices so assembled shall not have any Authority, Power, or Ju-pfdidion, in or over any Matter or Thing, whatever, other than in and for the Execution of the Powers expressly given them by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Direction given or Provision made by this Act, in any Matter

respecting any County, shall be conllrued to extend, and shall extend to the several Ridings of the County of Yonf, and to the several Divisions of the County of Lincoln respectively, and the Justices within the several Ridings and Divisions, and of any City or Town directed to be united therewith by this Act, shall have Power to put this Act in Execution, in all Things within their respective Jurisdictions as fully and amply as the Justices of any County are hereby empowered to execute the same. Divisions

V. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County, where a Court of General Sessions is hereby directed to be held, shall, with the Aflentof any two Justices of the Peace of such County, appoint the Time and Place of holding the first Court of General Sessions, to be held by virtue of this Act, of which Notice shall be given in any Newspaper usually circulated in such County, five Days at least before the Day appointed for holding such Court; and in case, at such Time of appointing such Court, or at any subsequent Time of appointing such Court by Adjournment, there shall not be Justices of the Peace attending sufficient to hold such General Sessions, any one Justice of the Peace, who shall there attend, shall and may adjourn the same to the next Day, and so from Day to Day (Sundays excepted) until such Court shall be held; and in case no such Justice shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for holding such Court, then the Clerk of the Peace shall adjourn the Time of holding such Court from Day to Day (Sundays exceptedJ until such Court shall be duly held.

VI. And fcac it further enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, QuU cause 10 be prepared true Lists of the Number of all the inhabited Houses within the Limits of the

‘ riJurifc-

His Majesty may appoint Officers to regulate the Actnifiion of Men, &c.

Justices within twenty one Days after pairing this Act to hold a General Sessions for carrying it into Execution.

Jurisdiction of Justices for Cities, tec. when united with County Justice? in execution of this Act.

Any Provision respecting any County to extend to the Ridings of York-Ihirc and the of Lincolnshire*

Clerk of the Peace, with the Assent o( two Justices, to appoint the first General Sessions, which may be adjourned, if sufficient

Justices do not attund.

Treasury to cause Lifts to be prepared by the Surveyors, oix

+3®

Oath, if required, of the Number of inhabited Houses within the Limits of each Court of Sessions, liable to the Duties on Houses, Arc. and to be bid before the Justices. Justices to appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Hundred, Arc.

and to order the Constables to give Notice of the Number, and the Time for railing them, to the Harifii Overseers. Central Sessions to appoint Petty Sessions for receiving Returns, and attesting and enrolling Men.

At first Petty Sessions, Constablis and Overseers to make Returns. General Sessions

Mayor, Arc. of London, at the General Sessions, to appoint the Number of Men to serve in Proportion to the Amount of the Duties on Houses, &c.

Clerk t<*the Commissioners for the Duties on Housei, Arc. In London, to lay bt fore the Mayor, &c.

Lists of the Number of Houses assessed, and the Amount ofthcAssessment In each Ward, Arc. on Oath, if required.

What Justices Hull hold Petty Sc flions.

C. 4.. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Jurisdiction of each Court of General Sessions, which are assessed, and pay to the Duties on inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in such Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, distinguishing therein each Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wa'pentake, or District, and also each Parish, within such Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District, and shall cause the same to be laid before the Justices then assembled at their respective Courts of General Sessions, by the respective Surveyors of the Laid Duties, and to be by them verified on Oath, if required (which Oath the said Justices then assembled are hereby authorized to administer); and such Justices respectively shall proceed to appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each such Hundred, City, or Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District, and also for each Parish, within such Hundred, City, or Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District respectively, and in proportion, as nearly as may be, to the Number of Houses therein respectively assess'cd and paying to the said Duties, and so as the whole Number of Men appointed by this Act to be raised for such County may be included, and shall issue an Order, signed by the Clerk of the Peace of such County, to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Districts, within such Counties, requiring them to give Notice to the Ovfijr-seers of the Poor.of every Parish, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Districts, of the Number of Men so appointed to be levied for such Parishes respectively, and of the Time allowed for racting the same, and of making a Return to such Orders; all which Particulars shall be speciBed in such Orders and Notices respectively; and the said Justices* at such Court of General Sessions, shall also appoint Petty Sessions to be held within the different Districts of each County, wherein Petty Sessions have been usually hcfld, and also within each City, Borough, Town, Cinque Port, or Liberty, having Magistrates of itself, for the Purpose of receiving the Returns of the Officers of the several Parishes within those Districts respectively, and of attesting and causing to be enrolled the Number of Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, after such Persons shall be approved of by the Regulating Officer or Officers to be appointed for that Purporc; and the said Justices shall also appoint a Time for holding the first Petty Sessions to be holden in each District under this Act, at which first Petty Sessions Returns shall be made by the Chief Constables and other Officers, and also by the Overseers, of all Matters done by them in pursuance of this Act, according to the Directions therein contained, and which Petty Sessions shall be appointed at a Day not later than twenty-one Days after issuing the Orders before-mentioned; and such Justices having completed such Orders, shall and may then adjourn their Court of General Sessions to the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, at which Quarter Sessions the Justices of any City, Town, or Borough, Cinque Port, or Liberty, directed to be united herewith, may also attend for the Purpose ot executing this Act, but not other wise.

may be adjourned when Orders are completed. VII. VIII. IX.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, of the City of London, assembled at the General Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said City, by virtue of this Act, shall appoint the Number of Men to serve for each Ward or Parish, Precinct, Liberty, and lJiacc, separately supporting its own Poor, within the City and County of the City of London aforesaid, as nearly as may be to the Amount of the Assessment to the Duties on inhabited Houses, and the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in such Ward or Parish, Precinct, Liberty, and Place respectively, instead of the Number of Houses therein respectively assessed and paying to the said Duties, as herein-before directed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And, for enabling the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the City of London aforesaid to appoint or apportion the Number of Men herein-before directed, be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Clerks to the respective Commissioners for carrying into Execution the several Acts of Parliament respecting the Duties on inhabited Houses, and the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in the City and County of the City of London aforesaid, shall prepare, or cause to be prepared, true Lists of the Number of all inhabited Houses which are assessed, and pay to the Duties on inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in the City and County of the City of London aforesaid, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, and also the Amount of the Assessments of the said Duties respectively, distinguishing therein each Ward or Parish, Precinct, Liberty, or Place, separately supporting its own Poor, within the City and County of the City of London aforesaid; and the said Lifts shall respectively be verified on Oath by the said Clerk or Clerks, if required (which Oath the said Mayor, Recorder, or Aldermen respectively are hereby authorized to administer) and laid before the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, assembled at their respective General or Quarter Sessions aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That within every County (not being a City, Town, or Borough, and a County of itself, nor a City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, or Liberty, having respectively their own Magistrates or Justices) the Justices of the Peace usually acting in and for the District wherein such Petty Sessions shall be directed by the Court of General Sessions to be held, or such other Justices as shall be specially appointed by the Court of General Sessions to act in such District, which they are hereby authorized to appoint in every District where they shall see Occasion, shall be the Justices for holding such Petty Sessions, and no other; and that within any City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, or Liberty, or any City, Borough or Town, being a County of idelf, the Justices or Magistrates of such City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, or Liberty, and no other, shall hold such Petty Sessions within such City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, or Liberty; and such Justices respectively

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. 439

shall meet and hold their respective Petty Sessions at the Time and Place appointed by the General Sessions, and shall receive the Returns of the Overseers of the Poor of all such Parishes, touching the Execution of the Orders given to them under this Act; and shall, at their first Petty Sessions to be held by virtue of this Act, fix a Time or Times for hearing the Appeals of Parishes, charged to raise Men under this Act, against the Proceedings of Regulating Officers to be appointed under this Act, as herein after is dire3ed; and shall give Notice at what Time or Times, Place or Places, any such Appeal may be heard and determined, and Which shall not be later than twenty Days after the respective Times appointed for making Returns by the Overseers respectively; and such Justices shall then and there meet to hear and determine such Appeals, and in all Respe3s shall do and execute, with Diligence and Dispaich, all Matters and Things intruded to them by this Act; and any one or more of such Justices there attending, or in Default of such Attendance the High Constable or other Principal Officer of the Peace of the Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, City, Borough, Town, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Petty Sessions shall be held, shall have Authority, from Time to Time, to adjourn the Petty Sessions, giving public Notice of the Time and Place of holding the next adjourned Sessions, and so from Time to Time, as there shall beNOccasion, by causing such Notice in Writing to be affixed on the Door of the Church or Chapel of the Place where such Session shall be held, two Days at lead before the Time of holding such Sessions, where such Time shall intervene, otherwise at such convenient Time as shall be moll expedient.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices, at their General Sessions, to add together, whenever they shall think it necessary, two or more Parishes, for the raising any Man or Number of Men, by virtue of this Act, so as to make the Charge within every Parish as equal and impartial as possible; and that where the Parishes, so added together, shall lie in different Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or Distri&s within the same County, Ridine, or Division, to direct in what Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District the same shall be considered, for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Justices, and also the Justices at their Petty Sessions, and all Overseers of the Poor of the said Parishes respectively, so added together, shall proceed to raise the Proportion of Men, in like Manner as if they had been originally charged upon one Parish; and the Overseers of the several Parishes, so added together, shall act together in the Execution of this Act as if they were respectively Officers of one and the same Parish; and that where there shall be any extra-parochial Pl ce, or other Place wherein no Rate for the Relief of the Poor shall have been made within the Space of three Years next before the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justices at such General Sessions to add such extra—parochial or other Place where no Rates have bcenmadeas aforesaid, for raising the Quota of Men by virtue of this Act, to any Parish adjoining thereto; and in all such Cases the Overseers acting together for such Parishes, by virtue of this Act, shall hold their Meetings under this Act in the Parish which shall be named first in such Order of General Sessions; and if any Difference or Disagreement shall arile between the Inhabitants or Officers o.1 any Par.fh, or between the Officers of different Handles touching the Execution of this Act, the Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, acting in and for the District where such Difference or Disagreement shall happen, shall, at any Petty Sessions, and they are hereby authorised, at the Request or upon the Complaint of any Inhabitant of any such Parish, to hear and determine the same, and make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet, and such Orders shall be final and conclusive to all Parties. Petty Swflions to determine Differences between Inhabitants c

Petty Sessions

to receive the Returns of the Overseers.

First Petty Sc£ fions to fix a Time for hearing Appeals,

&c.

Petty Sessions may be adjourned.

General Sessions

may add together two or more I*laces for raising Men;

XI. And be it further enacted, That any Dircdhon given, or Provision made by this Act, in any Matter respecting any Parish, shall be construed to extend to*evary Township or Place separately supporting its own Poor, and also to every extra-parochial Place added thereto, in like Manner as to any Parish, and as fully as if the said D*re3ions and Provisions had severally and respectively been expressly applied to Town-Chips and Places Separately supporting iheir own Poor; and that where there shall be any extra-parochial Place or other Place, wherein no Overseers of the Poor have been or are appointed, two fumcient Persons of the same Places respectively may be presented to the Justices at their respective hellions to put this Act in Execution in each such Place, who, being approved ol and appointed to such Office by the said just: Geo. shall have all the Powers and Authorities of Overseers of the Poor in carrying this Act into Execution, and they are hereby required to perform all the Duties required in and by this Act of Overseers of the Poor of any Parish in all Matters required by this Act; and that where no such Persons shall be appointed, the Justices, at such Sessions, shall dire3 the Overseers of any adjoining Parish, to which such extra-parochial or other Place shall have been added by the Justices at their General Sessions for the County, to a3 as Overseers for such extra-parochial or other Place, in the Execution of this Act, and such Overseers shall a3 therein accordingly: Prodded always, that if any Rate or Rates shall be to be made for any Parish or Parishes, and any such extra-parochial or other Place, jointly, such Rate or Rates shall be diffindtly made for the Purposes of this Act, and for no other Purpose whatever.

to ait. Rates for any Parish and extra-parochial or other Place, jointly, to be made cliftindJy for the Purposes

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Parishes or Places shall be added together as aforesaid, and any Fine or Fines shall be adjudged to be levied for Default of railing the proper Proportion of Men, or any Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be given as a bounty or Bounties to any Man or Men raised in pursuance of this Act, shall be dire3cd to be levied, such Fine or Fines, and Bounty or Bounties respectively, shall be divided and apportioned, as near as may be, between such Parishes and Places respectively, in such Proportions as the Number of inhabited Houses assessed to and paying the said

11 Duties

Provision rc-fyedingany Pa-r.fhto extend ro every Place sup-po: 111*2 its own Poor, and to eve ry extra-pa: och.ai Place. Where noCvcr-f- ers of the Poor are appointed, two Persons may be appointed to thiCflice by the Sessions; and where none are so appointed, the Sessions shall chrtd the Overfter of an adjoining Parish of this Act only.

Fines for Default in railing Men, and Bounties, to be proportioned between Parifll-cs and Places

440 C. 4. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

added together, Duties in each Parish or Place shall bear to each other; and the respective Justices are hereby authorised and of inhihViftF rcflu*rcc^to divide and apportion the same accordingly.

Houfrt> sl&iTid in each.

The Charge for railing Men in a Parish lying in two Counties, Jhdllbe in that \v!icrci%Clic

Church Kinds, fee.

What Counties Craikc, Part of Maker, Wok-inghain, Filey, Threap wood, and Stamford Baron, shall be deemed Part of, for the Purposes of this Act.

Overseers to call the principal Inhabitants together to consider of the moll tlfcftual Means of railing Men

and, with their Consent, to agree with Volunteers, and make Rates for Bounties.

Overseers may reimburse them-fdves Money paid to Volunteers.

Power for collecting Poor Rates to extend to this Act.

Overseers may pay Bounties out of Money in their Hands, or may make a Kate to satisly them.

Rates not to be quashed, but may hv amend-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish shall tie in two or more Counties, the Charge imposed upon such Parish, for railing Men for his Majesty's Service, by this Act, shall be in the County where the Church belonging to such Parish is situated, and that such Parish shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed Part of the County; and the Bounty or Bounties to be levied (or in case any Fine or Fines shall be levied of such Parish for Default in not raising Men for the Purposes of this Act, then also such Fine and Fines respectively) shall be paid to the Treasurer of such County.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, for the several Purposes of this Act, the Constablery of Craike, which is a Parcel of the County of Durham, surrounded by Part of the North Riding of the County of York) shall be deemed to be situate within, and Part of, the said North Riding; and that Part of the Parish of Maker, which lies in the County of Cornwall, shall be deemed to be situate within, and Part of, the County of Cornwall; and that the Town and Parish of Wokingham shall be deemed to be situate within, and Part of, the County of Berks; and that the Township of Filey shall be deemed to be situate within, and Part of, the East Ridiftg of the County of York; and that Threapwood shall be deemed to be situate within, and Part of, the Parish of Worthenbury, in the County of Flint; and that the Parish of Saint Martin, called Stamford Baron, in the Suburbs of the Borough and Town of Stamford, on the South Side of the Waters called Welland shall be d enied to be situate within [and] Part of the County of Lincoln; and that the several Towns and Places herein-before mentioned, and deemed to be situate within, and Part of, the several Counties aforesaid, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be subject to the Jurisdiction and Authority of the Justices of the Peace and other Officers of the respective Counties, within which such Towns and Places are hereby deemed to be situate; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish to whom Notice of such Orders as aforesaid shall be given, shall, immediately after the receiving such Notice, call together the principal Inhabitants of such Parish to a Vestry or other Me;ting, to take into Consideration the most speedy and effectual Means of railing the Number of Men appointed tole raised by them in pursuance of this Act, of which Meeting two Days public Notice shall be given in Writing, by affixing the same on the Church or Chapel Door of every such Parish, or where there is no Church or Chapel, then on the Church or Chapel Door nearest thereto, specifying the Cause of calling such Vestry or Meeting; and it shall be lawful for the said Overseers respectively, with the Consent of the Inhabitants of such Vestry or Meeting so assembled, to agree with any Person or Persons, subject to such Approbation or Rejection as herein is mentioned, to enter as a Volunteer or Volunteers to serve his Majesty either in the Army or in the Navy of Great Britain; and if any such Overseers shall, pursuant to such Consent, agree to give to such Volunteer or Volunteers any Sum or Sums of Money, as a Bounty or Bounties for his or their engaging in either of such Services, it shall be lawful for such Overseers to make a Rate upon the Inhabitants of every such Parish, according to the Rate then made for the Relief of the Poor; and where two or more Parishes shall be added together by virtue of this Act, such Rate shall be made generally for all such Parishes so added together, and shall be divided and apportioned between them, in such Proportions as the Number of inhabited Houses assessed to and paying the said Duties in each such Parish shall bear to each other respectively; which Rates being published and approved of, as Rates for the Relief of the Poor are by Law directed to be published and approved of, it shall be lawful for such Overseers to collect! and reimburse themselves all such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have paid for such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, and the Overplus (if any) shall be applied, in like Proportions as aforesaid, as Part of the Poor’s Rate; and all the like Remedies, Powers, Rules, and Methods used, given, and applied for ascertaining, levying, and collecting the Rates for the Helief of the Poor, (except where other Provisions are made by this Act,) shall be used, applied, and put in force for ascertaining, levying, and collecting the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act, in all and every the Parishes charged with raising Men for such Service as aforesaid, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same Remedies, Powers, Rules, and Methods were particularly set forth in this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers who are respectively required or empowered by this Act to levy any Money by a Rate, or to pay the Amount tf any Bounty, or any Part thereof, to the Men enrolled in his Majesty's Service, or to the Treasurer of the County, for the Purposes of this Act, shall and may pay the same out of any Money in their or any of their Hands, of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor*, and if they, or any of them, shall not have sufficient of such Money for that Purpose, then such Over-seers shall, and they are hereby required to make a Rate for the Relief of the Poor sufficient to satisfy all probable Claims arising or to arise thereon, by virtue of this Act, in refjredl of the said Bounties, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, and so as the full Money for such Bounties may be ready to be paid or advanced at the Time of Enrolment; and it shall be lawful for the said Overseers to levy and collect the same in such Manner as Rates made for the Relief of the Poor may be levied and collected (except as herein is other wise provided); and that such Rates, being published and allowed as Rates for the Relief of the Poor are by Law directed to be published and allowed, the said Overseers shall and may proceed to collect the same notwithstanding any Appeal from such Rate may be pending; and no such Rate, after any Application thereof, or any Part thereof, for the Payment of such Bounties shall be totally quashed or set aside for

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. 441

Limitation of Actions.

any Cause whatever, but the same shall and may be amended in such Manner as shall be necessary for giving Relief: And if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in the levying or collecting the said Rate in pursuance of this Act, the same shall not be brought until fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to such Person or Persons, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after six Calendar Months next after the Fadf committed; and every such Adhon shall be brought in one of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or of the Great Sessions in Wales, as the Case may require, and shall be laid in the County where the cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence General Issue. at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for the bringing the same, or without fourteen Days Notice thereof, or in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or futfer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as Treble Corti. any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to such Justices at such Petty Sessions, that such Rate cannot be conveniently collected within due Time for Payment of the said Bounty or Bounties, and sufficient Monies shall not be in the Hands of the said Overseers to satisfy the same, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to make Order therein, and grant a Certificate thereof, and of the Amount of the Bounty or Bounties, and Sum or Sums wanting to defray the same, directed to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, or to the Collector thereof for the District, or any of the Collectors of Customs or Excise of the Division where such Justices shall act, as to such Justices shall leem most expedient; upon producing of which Certificate to the Officer to whom the same shall be directed, he shall be obliged to advance the Sum mentioned in such Certificate to be wanting as aforesaid, to be paid to the Person or Persons enrolled, or to the Treasurer of the County, or to either of them, in such Proportions as shall be directed by such Certificate, out of any Public Monies in his Hands; and such Officer so advancing the same, shall be reimbursed by an Order of the Justices at the Petty Sessions for the same District or Division, with all Charges necessarily incurred, out of the first Monies which shall come into the Hands of the respective Overseers of the Poor of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, within and for the respective Parishes or Places for which the Men, to whom or to whose Use such Monies were respectively advanced,

were ra'.fed in pursuance of this Act. Charges, out of the first Money which comes to the Hands

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be brought to be examined, touching his Consent to enter into either of the said Services, to direct any Sum, not exceeding one Third Part of the Bounty agreed to be paid to him on his engaging to serve, to be advanced to such Person, or to such of his Family, and in such Proportions, as he shall request at the Time of his Enrolment; and that the Residue of such Bounty shall be paid into the-Hands of the said Treasurer or Treasurers of the County, there to remain until the same shall become payable according to the Directions of this Act.

Jf Rates cannot be collected in Time for Payment of Bounties, the Petty Sessions may grant a Certificate of the Sums wanting to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, &c. who shall advance the Money.

Sums so advanced to bt reimbursed with of the Overseers.

Justices may direct a Third of Bounties to be advanced on Enrolment of Volunteers, and the

to be paid to the County Treasurer.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall agree to enter himself as a Volunteer in either of such Services as aforesaid, shall be produced before the Officer or Officers appointed to regulate the same, at the nearest Place of Rendezvous to any Parish for which such Volunteer shall agree to serve; and in case such Officer or Officers shall, on Examination, approve of such Volunteer or Volunteers to serve his Majesty, then such Volunteer or Volunteers may forthwith be brought before two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County where any such Parish shall be situate; and in case it shall appear to such Justices of the Peace, that such Person or Persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in either of such Services, then such Justices shall, and they are required, forthwith to certify under their Hands that such Person or Persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in the Service of his Majesty's Army or Navy, as the Case may be, setting forth therein the Place or Places of the Birth or lawful Settlement, Age or Ages, and Calling or Callings, of him or them respectively, if the same shall be known; and shall also, at the Foot of every such Certificate, enter the Amount of the Sums to be paid as a Bounty or Bounties toiuch Volunteer or Volunteers, on his or their entering into such Service; and the Sums (if any) which shall be directed to be advanced to him or them at the Time of his or their Enrolment, and also the Sums to be paid to the Treasurer of the County according to the Directions of this Act; and which Certificates, being cut indentwise from Duplicates of the same, shall be delivered to the proper Regulating Officer or Officers, and the Regulating Officer or Officers shall thereupon cause such Person or Persons respectively to be enrolled in his Majesty's Service of the Army or Navy accordingly; and the said Justices before whom such Volunteer shall be examined, shall at the same Time and Place make an Order under their I lands and Seals, requiring the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes where such Volunteer has been raised, to pay into the Hands of the Treasurer of the County, within the Sp^pe of fourteen Days after the Date of such Order, the full Bounty Money then remaining due.

Volunteers to be brought before the nearest Re-guiaijng Officer, and after Approbation, before two Justices, who shall certify their having entered, and state the Amounts of the Sums to be paid accordingly.

3 M

37 Geo. III

442

If the Regulating Officer re-jeS aVolunteer, the Overseers may appeal to flic Petty Sessions.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Regulating Officer, before hearing Appeal, to write his Reasons for such Rejection. Order of Petty Sessions to be Anal.

If the Determination of the Officer be rescinded, and a Certificate be delivered to him, he shall cause the Volunteer to be enrolled.

Officer to enter the Names, &c. of Persons enrolled in a Book, and transmit Duplicates to the Secretary at War, or Secretary of the Ad-

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Regulating Officer or Officers at the nearest Place of Rendezvous aforesaid, shall rejetft any Person or Persons produced before him or them as such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, as unfit to serve his Majesty in either of the said Services, and the Overseers of any Parish for which such Person or Persons shall have been tendered to serve, shall think themselves aggrieved by such Determination of such Officer or Officers, it shall and may be lawful for such Overseers, on giving immediate Notice to such Regulating Officer or Officers of their Intention, to appeal to the Justices of the District wherein such Parish shall be situate, assembled at the next Petty Sessions to be holden by virtue of this Act; and such Regulating Officer or Officers, on receiving such Notice, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, before the Time of hearing such Appeal, to set down his or their Rrease.’is, in Writing, for such Rejection, which Reasons, being produced before such Justices at such Petty Sessions, it shall be lawful for such Justices, on due Consideration thereof, and on due Examination of the Person or Persons so rejected, to give Order therein, as in their Discretion shall seem expedient, which Orders shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and in case such Justices shall fee Cause to refeind the Determination of such Regulating Officer or Officers, and shall cause to be delivered to such Regulating Officer or Officers, such Certificate as is herein-before directed, then such Regulating Officer or Officers shall forthwith cause such Person or Persons so raised and approved of, to be enrolled in his Majesty's Service as a Volunteer or Volunteers; and the said Officer or Officers shall cause an Entry to be made, in some Book to be kept by him or them, of the Names of Volunteers or Persons enrolled by virtue of this A Cl, and of the Parishes of their last Abode or lawful Settlement, if they can be known, and of their Ages and Descriptions, and Sums paid on their Account, and to whom the same shall be paid, and shall cause true Copies or Duplicates of such Entries to be transmitted to the Secretary at War, or Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, as the Case may require, and which shall be made in the Form herein after mentioned; and the Parish or Parishes for which such Volunteer or Volunteers shall be so enrolled to serve, shall be discharged in respect to such Volunteer or Volunteers so enrolled, unless such Volunteer or Volunteers shall afterwards, and before he or they shall be admitted into some Regiment, or entered in one of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War respectively, appear to be within any of the DiP^ualifications in this Act expressly mentioned, and shall be, by reason of such Disqualification, discharged from such Service, or otherwise taken out of the same; then and in every such Case the Parish or Parishes shall be liable to provide other fit and able Men in lieu of those who shall so appear to be disqualified, to be raised in the Manner directed by this Act, and the Bounty agreed to be given and remaining unpaid, may be applied for that Purpose.

miralty. Parishes for which Volunteers are enrolled, to be discharged in resped of them, unless they appear difijualified before Admission into a Regiment, or in a Ship of War. fc 1

XXI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently maybe after any Person or Persons shall enrolled as such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, for any Place or Places, the Overseers of the Poor 0* or acting for such Place or Places, shall make a Return thereof to the Justices of the District, at their Petty Sessions to be holden next after such Enrolment, specifying the Name, the Place of the Birth or lawful Settlement, the Age, and the Calling, of every such Person, if the same can be known, together with the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be paid by way of Bounty to every such Volunteer, and what Sums shall have been advanced to such Volunteer or Volunteers of the said Bounty, which shall be verified on Oath, (if required,) and which Oath such Justices are hereby authorized to administer; and every such Return so tnade, the said Justices shall cause to be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, to be enrolled at the Sessions there, at the next General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for such County; and in case Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by and for any Place or Places shall not be made to the Justices of the District at such Petty Sessions, within the Space of three Weeks next after the Service of Notice of the Order of General Stifions for railing such Number of Men, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of such Petty Sessions to summon before them the Overseers of the Poor of or acting for such Place or Places making such Default; and in case it shall not be made to appear by such Overseers, to the Satisfaction of such Justices, that such Default hath not happened by Reason of any wilful Neglect of, or Disobedience to, the said Order of Sessions, and that the lame hath been unavoidable, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required, to fine the said Overseers in a Sum which shall be ten Pounds over and above the Amount of such Sum as shall appear (as far as the same can be ascertained) to have been given on an Average as a Bounty to Men enrolled by virtue of this Act within the said District; or in case no Men shall be raised within the said District, then in the nearest District for which Men shall then have been raised, for each Man appointed to be raised by or for such Place or Places, and whereof such Default shall have been* made as aforesaid; and in case the lame shall not be forthwith paid, ic shall be lawful for the said Justices to levy the same by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Overseels, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof, in case such Justices shall adjudge the Default to have been wilfully made by the said Overseers; or to cause the same to be raised by a like Rate as aforesaid upon any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of such Place or Places, in case such Inhabitant or Inhabitants shall be adjudged to have wilfully made such Default, such Inhabitant or Inhabitants being previously summoned by such Justices to shew Caulc why such Rate should not be nmde; but in case such Justices shall in their Judgement deem such Default unavoidable, and such Overseers shall require further Time for raising the Number of Men appointed to be raised by tneoi for his Majesty's Service, it shall be lawful for such Justices, by their Order under their Hands, to allow such

5 further

Overseers to make Returns of Volunteers enrolled to the Petty Sessions.

The Justices to c4ufe Returns so be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace, to be enrolled at the Quarter Sessions.

If Returns of tlit* whole Number to be raised for any Place shall not be made, in a limited Tune, the Petty Sessions may summon the Overseers, and fine them for Ne-gle&.

If Fines be not

forthwith paid they may be levied on the Overseers Goods, or raised by a Rate on the Inhabitants making Default.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4.

further Time as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding the Space of fourteen Days from the Date of such Order; and every such Order shall be peremptorily complied with, under Pain of forfeiting such Sum of Money as is before mentioned for each Man of whom Default shall be so made, to be levied as herein-before is directed, in case the Justices shall adjudge the Default to have been wilfully made, but if the said Justices shall adjudge the Default to be unavoidable, then the said Fine shall be raised in like Manner as any Bounty or Bounties to be paid to Volunteers is by this Act dird&ed to be raised, and shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County for the Purposes of this Act.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case where Justices shall allow further Time for raising the Number of Men appointed to be raised for his Majesty's Service, such Justices shall proceed, as herein-before directed, in hearing and determining the Appeals of such Parishes to which such further Time shall be allowed.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Fines which by this Act may be levied of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of any Parish or Place, shall be levied against such Inhabitant or Inhabitants only who shall be adjudged to be guilty of any Neglect or Default, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Inhabitant or Inhabitants respectively, under the like Powers and Methods as any other Money may be levied by Distress and Sale by this Act: Provided always, that in case any Person or Persons shall finti him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, whereof any Part shall be necessarily applicable, or shall have been applied, for the Purposes of this Act, every such Person or Persons shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to make his or their Appeal to the Justices of the District where such Place or Places are fuuate, at the next Petty Sessions of the Peace holden for the same District or Division, and not to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County; and the Justices of the Peace assembled at such Petty Sessions are hereby authorized and required, on Proof of reasonable Notice to the Overseers making such Rate, to receive such Appeal, and to hear and finally determine the same: Provided always, that this Act shall not extend to any Appeal to any Rate, where the same is not applicable, or has nor been applied, in Part or wholly, to the Purposes of this Act.

443

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money agreed to be given as a

Men raised in pursuance of this Act, (except such Sums as shall have been directed by the Justices of the Peace to be advanced to any Man at the Time of

Bounty or Bounties, or paid thereout to any Man or

his Enrolment in his Majesty's Service, by virtue of this Act,) and also all Fines levied upon the Overseers or Inhabitants by Distress and Sale as aforesaid, or by a Rate, for Default in not railing the Number of Men appointed to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be forthwith paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the County, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and such respective Treasurers shall place the Amount of the Fines to the Account of the respective Parishes paying the same, and the Amount of the Sums paid of the Bounties, to the Account of the Volunteer or Volunteers for whose Use the same was collected; and that in all Cases where such Default as aforesaid shall be made, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, having Authority under his Majesty to provide Men for the Service of the Navy, to produce any Persons as Substitutes, or for any such Persons voluntarily to come before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the District where the Parishes makint such Default shall be situate, and be examined before such Justices as to their Consent to serve in his Majesty's Army or Navy, as Substitutes for such Parishes respectively, and who shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to settle the Bounty or Bounties to be paid for such Substitutes respectively; and such Justices shall, in case any such Persons shall be approved of by the Regulating Officer or Officers as aforesaid, certify such Consent and Approbation, together with the Names, Places of Birth, or lawful Settlement, Ages and Callings, of such Persons, respectively, and the Bounties agreed to be paid, in the Manner herein-before directed with respect to Volunteers; and such Justices who are hereby respectively required to grant Certificates on the Enrolment of any Person or Persons as a Volunteer or Volunteers, or Substitute or Substitutes, by virtue of this Act, shall transmit a Duplicate of every such Certificate, under their Hands, to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, to be enrolled at the Sessions there, at the next General or Quarter Sessions to be held for such County, and thereupon such Regulating Officer shall cause such Persons to be respectively enrolled as such Substitutes as aforesaid, and such Parishes respectively for which such Substitutes shall be raised, shall be discharged in like Manner as aforesaid, unless such Substitutes shall appear to be disqualified, and by Reason thereof be taken out of his Majesty's Service in the Manner before-mentioned; and the said Justices shall thereupon make an Order upoi^such Treasurer as aforesaid, to transfer, in his Account, unto the Use of such Persons respectively so tsiroued as Substitutes, such Sums of Money, not exceeding the Amount of the Fines levied for such Default as aforesaid, as shall have been agreed to be paid as Bounties to such Persons respectively; and the said Justices shall and may, at any Time after such Substitutes shall be respectively entered into any Regiment, or on board any Ship of War, also order such further Sum of Money out of the Resid ue of such bines (if any) to be paid to any Person or Persons duly authorized to provide Men for the Army or Navy, who shall appear to such Justice to have used Diligence in providing any such Substitutes, as a Reward for the Labour, or in Payment of lawful Charges to be incurred by bringing such Substitute to be enrolled; and the Residue (if any) that shall

lyment of such Sums as aforesaid, or for Want of sufficiem Substitutes being provided, shall be in the Disposal oe by them applied in providing Men Tor the Augmentation of his Majesty's Army or Navy, in (licit

remain off such Fines, after Pa

of the Justices at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and shall

Manner as in their Discretion shall seem expedient, at any Time before the Time of holding the Easter (Quarter Session*, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and the (kid Justices shall, in case any Part

' 1 M 2 thereof

If Justices deem the Default unavoidable, they may allow further Time for raising the Mm.

Fut shall proceed in hearing Appeal* of those Farilhei.

Fines to be levied only against the Inhabitant a making Default.

Persons aggrieved by any Rate applicable to the Purposes of this A A, shall appeal to the next Petty Sessions of the District, where it shall be finally determined.

Bounty Money and Fines to be paid to the County Treasurer, to be placed to Account of the Pa-rifties and Volunteers respectively.

In case of Default as aforesaid, Persons authorized by his Majesty may produce Substitutes, or Volunteers may offer themselves as such, to two Justices, who shall settle the Bounties and certify the Consent and Approbation of the Substitutes. Justices to transmit Copies of Certificates to the Clerk of the Pence, to be enrolled at the Quarter Sessions.

Regulating Officer to caufo Substitutes to be enrolled,' which shall discharge the Parishes, unless the Mvn be disqualified. Justices to order the Treasurer to transfer Bourn-

444

C. 4.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

tics to the use thereof shall remain at the Rafter Sessions in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, cause to of Subnitutes, be transmitted an Account thereof to the Commissioners of his Majesty's T rcafury.

and mailorder J J 7

Rewards 10 the Persons providing the m. Residue of Fines to be applied by the Quarter Sessions in providing Men for the Army or Navy; and if any remain at East:r Sessions 1797, an Account to be transmitted to the Treasury.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every such Certificate so granted, signed by such Regulating Officer or Officers, shall, in all Cases where any such Person enrolled by virtue of this Act shall be placed under the Command of any other Officer or Officers, either of the Army or Navy, be transmitted along with such Person so enrolled, and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, or of the Ship or Vessel in which such Person shall be entered to serve; and such Commanding Officer shall, within four Days from the Time of such Person being admitted into any Regiment, and before such Volunteer shall be compelled to go out of the County for which he shall serve, or from the Time of such Person’s joining such Regiment, which shall first happen, or from the Time of such Person being muf-tered and rated on board any Ship, and before such Ship or Vessel of War shall proceed to Sea, as the Case may be, make out a Ticket or Tickets for the Payment of the Bounty Money agreed to be paid to such Person on his engaging to serve, and then remaining due, and which shall be expressed in the Certificate granted in that Behalf, in such Manner as if such Bounty Money had become due to such Person on Account of Arrears of Pay as a Private in such Regiment, if such Person shall enter into the Army, or on account of Wages as a Seaman on board such Ship or Vessel, if such Person shall enter into the Navy; and if he shall have entered himself to serve in his Majesty's Army, then the Pay Ticket so made out shall be delivered to the Treasurer of the County to whom the same is herein-before aireded to be paid, by the Officer or Officers mating out the same, with a Certificate endorsed thereon, and signed by the said Officer, acknowledging the Receipt of such Volunteer, and his Admission into his Majesty's Army, together with the Regiment into which such Volunteer shall have been admitted, and that a Copy of every such f Pay Ticket shall be transmitted to the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Army, within one Month after the Date thereof;

y to whom such Pay T

dorsed thereon, as aforesaid, shall forthwith pay the same to the Person or Persons presenting such Ticket,

and the Treasurer of the County to whom such Pay Ticket shall be presented, with such Certificate en-

Certificates of Regulating Officers to be transmitted with the Persons enrolled, and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Regiments or Vessels respectively.

Commanding Officers, within a limited Time, to make out Tickets for Payment of Bounty Money due.

If the Person shall have entered into the Army, the Ticket to be delivered to the County Treasurer, and a Copy transmitted to the Pay-master General.

County Treasurer to pay Tickets to the Persons presenting them, to be paid over to the Volunteers.

Penalty for Default in Payment.

Residue of Bounty to Volunteers entered in the Navy, may be paid agreeably to 31 Geo. II.

Cap. 10, &c.

If the Bounty Money remaining due shall be to be paid to the Volunteer, the Commanding Officer of the Ship shall apply to the Commissioners of the Navy, or the Commissioner at the Port, for Payment j and

if any Part be to be paid to his Family, it shall be remitted agreeably to 31 Geo. II. Cap. 10., payable by the County Treasurer. All the Rules for

Payment of Seamen's Wages to extend to this Act.

and the same shall be paid over to the respective Volunteers entitled thereto without Delay; and in default thereof, the Officer or Officers who shall have received the same, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties inflicted by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, or which may be inflicted by any Ad to be parted in this Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, against Officers for wilfully withholding the Pay of their Soldiers; a/id in case such Volunteer shall be entered to serve in his Majesty's Navy, then the Residue of such Bounty Money or Part thereof, may be paid to such Person, or his Wife, Father, Mother, Child, or Children, in such Proportions as he shall request, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the thirty* first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punftuah, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more cajuy and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments, or by any other Act relating to the Payment of such Wages: Provided always, that if the Whole or any Part of such Bounty Money so remaining due, shall, at the Request of such Volunteer, be to be paid to himself, the Commanding Officer of the Ship in which such Person is appointed to serve shall apply to the Commissioners of the Navy, or to the resident Commissioner at the Port where the Ship may then be, for Payment of the same, producing the Ticket of Enrolment (on which Ticket of Enrolment the Commanding Officer of the Ship shall, and he is hereby required to indorse the Sum to be received by such Volunteer, which Indorsement, being signed by such Volunteer, and attested by such Commanding Officer, shall be a sufficient Authority and Discharge to any Officer of the Navy making Payment of the same, under the Direction of the said Commissioners of the Navy); and that where such Person shall desire any Portion of the said Bounty Money then remaining due, to be paid to his Family as aforesaid, the same shall be remitted in the Manner directed by the said Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, (subject nevertheless to such Alteration as the Case may require,) and shall be made payable by the Treasurer of the County in and for which the said Volunteer hath been raised to serve; ^id that all the Rules, Forms, Directions, and Methods, used for the Payment of Wages due to Seamen, or payable to their Families, in pursuance of the said Act of the thirty-first Year aforesaid, or by any such other Act of Parliament, (except as aforesaid,) shall be used, in like Manner, for the Payment of such Bounty Money to the Families of all and every the Men who shall be entered into his Majesty's Service, in pursuance of this Act, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Acts, and every Clause therein contained, had been extended and applied particularly by this Act to such cases.

Quarter or Petty, Sessions may require the Attendance of Constables and Overseett.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace,-artembled either at the General or Quarter Sessions, or for the Justices at their Petty Sessions, within their respective Junf-didions, or any two or more of them respectively, from Time to Time to issue their Order or Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of the High Constable, Confta le, Tything Man, Headborough, or Overseers of the Poor of, or acting for, any Parish or Parishes, at tech Time and Place

7

as

A.D. 179&. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

C#

445

as in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, or shall refuse or neglect to make such R turn of all such Matters and Things directed to be done by them respectively in pursuance of this Act, as shall be required of them by the said Justices respectively, or to comply with such Orders and Directions as he or they respectively shall from Time to Time receive from the said Justices, or any two or more of them respectively, in pursuance of this Act, or shall, in making such Return, be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality, or gross Neglect in his or their Duty, the said Justices, or any two or more of them respectively, are hereby empowered and required, at their Discretion, to fine such Person or Persons in any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds; and in cale of any Fraud, wilful Partiality, or gross Neglect as aforesaid, over and above such Penalty, to commit the Person so offending to the Common Gaol, there to be kept, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one Calendar Month.

XXVII. And whereas the Powers of this Act may not be fully executed, before the usual Time in the 1 Year of the Overseers of the Poor going out of Office ;* be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, ailing in and for the respective Districts or Divisions, at their respective Petty Sessions, (whenever they shall see Occasion, by reason of any of the Powers of this Act remaining unexecuted, in Part or in the Whole, at any time previous to, or on the Appointment of other Overseers for the same Place or Places,) by any Order under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of them, to order and direct the Overseers, who shall have been in Office at the Commencement of this Act, to continue in their said respective Offices, for the Purposes of effectually and completely carrying into Execution the Powers and Trusts given or veiled by this Act; and such Overseers shall, by virtue of the said Order, (notwithstanding other Overseers shall have been or may be appointed for the (amc Place or Places elective! y for general Purposes,) continue to have and exercise all vhe Powers and Jurisdictions incident or belonging to their respective Offices, or given or vested in them by this Act, so far as the same are necessary to. carry into Execution the Powers of this Act, and shall continue to do and perform all the like Duties and Offices required to be done or performed by them respectively by this Act, as fully and effectually, and under the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as they respectively could, might, or ought to have, do, or perform the same, or any of them, at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, and before such Appointment of other Overseers for the same Place or Places, for general Purposes as aforesaid; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that if no such Order shall be made, the Overseers for the Time being shall execute all Matters and Things necessary to be done for completely carrying into Execution the Powers of this Act.

Penalty cnfbch

Officers for Neglect of Duty.

Petty Sessions may order Overseers to continue in Cffic* till they completely execute this Act.*

But if no such Order be made, the Overseers for the Time being shall execute it.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Overseer shall die or remove from the Place for which he was appointed, or become insolvent before the Expiration of his Office or Duty under this Act, on Oath thereof made, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to appoint another Overseer in his Stead, for the Purpose of completely carrying this Act into Execution, who shall continue in Office accordingly; and in case of Removal, such Overseer shall give an Account, on Oath, to the said Justices, of all Matters and Things done by him in the Execution of this Act, and shall comply with such Orders and Directions as he shall receive from the said Justices touching the Execution of this Act, under the like Penalties as are infliited on Overseers in Office for any Neglect of Duty; and in case of the Death or Insolvency of such Overseer, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns shall, within forty Days after his Decrease or Insolvency, in pursuance of an Order in Writing, signed by any two such Justices as aforesaid, attend such Justices, and give an Account to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, of all Things done by such Person deceased o; insolvent, touching the Execution of this Act, and shall in like Manner, and under the like Penalties, comply with such Orders as they shall respectively receive from the said Justices in relation to this Act of such as die, 01 become insolvent, to attend the Justices and

Justices may* appoint Overseers in the Stead of such as may die, remove, or become insolvent, to complete the Purposes of this Act.

Such as remove to give an Account on Oath to the Justices; and the Executors or Assignees obey their Orders.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties, Cities, Towns, Boroughs, and Places before mentioned, shall, at their respective Quarter Sessions, held within their respective Counties and Places, next after the Day of Easter in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, ifllie their Orders under the Hands of any two of them, directed to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County, requiring the said Treasurer or Treasurers to deliver in an Account in Writing, signed by himself or themselves, of all Sums of Money by him or them received by virtue of this Act, and on what Account, under the Heads and according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and if it shall appear, by any such Account, that any Sum or Sums of Money received by him, or them for or on Account of any Bounty or Bounties, agreed to be given to Men on their entering into his Majesty's Service, or for or on Account of Fines levied for Default in not raising the proper Number of Men, remain unaccounted for by such Treasurer or Treasurers, according to the Directions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, or any two of them, by their Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to order and direct such Treasurer or Trea-furcts, within fourteen Days after the Date of such Warrant, to pay into the Hands of the Receiver General of the County, or his Deputy, the Balance due from such Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid, which Receiver General, or his Deputy, shall give Acquittances for the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace to whom such Accounts shall be delivered, shall idue their Orders or Warrants, under the Hands and Seals of any two of them, to the acting Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Parishes withia their respective Divisions, for which any Man or K *}jPB Men

Quarter Sessions, immediately after Easter 1797, to order the County Treasurer to deliver an Account of Money received, and to pay the Balance to the Receiver General;

and where Bounties or Fines appear not to lave

446

been paiHIto him, to order the actingOver-. feei s to pay the Arrears out of Money in their Hands, or to make a Rate for the same.

Overseersto return Defaulters in that Office who have levied Rates and not paid the Money to the County Treasurer, and fuf-ticesmay iflfue their Warrant lor Payment of the same}

and if the Party

be dead, &c. may direct the acting Overseers to raise and pay the Arrear.

County Trea-fwrer to pay over Money re-. ceived after the Easter Sessions

J797> to the Receiver General, and on Demand of a Justice to deliver an Account of all Money received after that Period.

If Treasurers nefcJett to deliver in Accounts or pay Balances, or Overseers neglect to pay Money directed by the Justices, or to make Rates for raising the same, it may be levied by Dirtrefs on the Goodaof the Defaulter.

Justices to transioit County Treasurers

Accounts^© the

c.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Men shall have been appointed to be raised in pursuance of this Act, and for which any Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be given as a Bounty or Bounties to such Man or Men, or directed to be levied as a Fine or Fines for Default in not raising the proper Number of Men, shall appear not to have been fully paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County; by which Orders or Warrants the said Justices shall require the said Overseers of the Poor for the Time being, in case such Sum or Sums of Money shall not appear to them to have been actually assessed and raised upon the Parish, by the Persons holding the Office of Overseers of the Poor at the Time of the Men’s Enrolment, or if the same shall appear to have been so actually assessed and raised, and to have been since applied to the Use of such Parish or Parishes, in any other Manner than is directed by this Act, then and in such Case to pay the Sum and Sums in Arrear into the Hands of the said Treasurer or Treasurers, out of any Monies in their or any of their Hands, of the Monies raised for the Relief of the Poor in such Parish or Parishes, or if they shall not have Money sufficient for that Purpose in their Hands, then to make a Rate for the same, in like Manner as Rates are usually made for the Relief of the Poor.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Orders or Warrants of Justices as last aforesaid shall be directed to any Overseer or Overseers who shall not have been in Office at the Time of th® Men’s Enrolment in pursuance of this Act, and it shall appear to the said Overseers of the Poor, to whom any such Order or Warrant shall be directed, that the Persons holding the Office of Overseers of the Poor at the Time of the Men’s Enrolment, actually caused all and every the Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be given as a Bounty or Bounties, or directed to be paid as a Fine or Fines, for Default in not raising the Number of Men anpointed to be raised, to be assessed and levied as by this Act is directed, and that the same, or any Part thereof, yet remains in the Hands of the said then Overseers of the Poor, it shall be lawful fur such Overseers of the Poor, to whom such Orders or Warrants shall be directed, and they are hereby re-

uired to return such Default, with the Sums in Arrear, and the Names of the Defaulters, by endorsing the ame on the Back of such Order or Warrant, to the Justices granting the same, or to such other Justices as shall attend at any Meeting at which such Return shall be made; and such Justices may examine on Oath into the Matters contained in such Return, and, if they fee Cause, may issue their Order or Warrant, directed to the Person or Persons making such Default, requiring them to pay to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County the Sum and Sums in Arrear, at a Time to be limited in such Order or Warrant, not later than fourteen Days after the Date thereof: Provided also, that if the Person or Persons, by whom the Sum or Sums of Money so returned to be in Arrear, shall have been assessed or raised, and not applied as aforesaid, shall be dead, or shall have become bankrupt or insolvent, or shall not be then resident within the Jurisdiction of such Justices, it shall and may be lawful for any two of them, by like Order or Warrant as aforesaid, to direct the then acting Overseers of the Poor to raise and pay the Sum or Sums in Arrear to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County, in like Manner as they are hereby authorized to direct Payment where the same shall not have been actually assessed or raised as aforesaid, for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County shall pay over, within fourteen Days after he shall receive the same, all Sum and Sums of Money received by him or them at any Time after the said En/hr Sessions in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety- seven, on account of Men raised for his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act, or on Account of Fines directed tube levied for Default in not raising the Number of Men appointed to be raised as aforesaid, to the Receiver General of the County, or his Deputy, in like Manner as they are hereby directed to pay any Sum of Money then remaining in their Hands; and shall also, on Demand made by any Justice of the Peace of the County, from Time to Time deliver an Account, signed as aforesaid, of all Monies which they shall receive at any Tune after the said Easter Sessions in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, applicable to the Uses and Purposes herein mentioned, in like Manner as they are hereby directed to deliver in Accounts of the Monies then remaining in their Hands.

I

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer of any County shall refuse or neglect to deliver in any such Account to the Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, or to pay to the Receiver General of such County all such Sum and Sums of Money as he shall receive on account of Men raised for his Majestys Service, or on account of Fines directed to be levied for Default in not raising the Number of Men appointed to be raised by virtue of this Act, within the respective Times herein-before limited, or if any Person holding the Office of Overseer of the Poor at the Time of the Men’s Enrolment, or any succeedingChei-seer, shall refuse or neglect within the Time limited by any Order or Warrant of two or more such Justices of the Peace, to pay the Sum required to be paid by the Order or Warrant of such Justices to the Titafurer or Treasurers of the County, or shall refuse or neglect, in Cases where the same shall be necdTary, to nuke a Rate for raising the Sum required to be so paid, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more such Justices to levy the same, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default, and to direct the Money so raised to be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of such County, or his Deputy, taking a Receipt for the same, and the Overplus (if any) after satisfying all Charges and Expences attending the same, to be paid to the Person or Persons against whom such Warrant shall be made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties, to whom any Accounts shall have been delivered by the Treasurer or Treasurers of such Counties respectively, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, cause the same to be transmitted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's 1 realary.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. 447

ami ftull also at the same Time return what they the said Justices shall respectively have done thereupon in Treasury, and the Execution of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Ma-jdly's Treasury, or any three of them, to demand from the Receiver or Receivers General of any County, an Account of such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they shall receive in pursuance of this Act, and to direct the same to be paid into the Hands of the Paymasters General of the Army, or the Treasurer of the Navy, in such Proportions as to them shall seem necessary, for the Purpose of reimbursing the said Puy-masters and Treasurer respectively the Payments made by them in pursuance of this Act; and such Monies shall be applied to the Re-payment of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear by the Tickets of Enrolment to be due to the Paymasters General and Treasurer of the Navy refj>edlively, and which shall, in the Course of his Majesty's Service, have been paid by them respectively to any Volunteer or Substitute raised by virtue of this Act, and also to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear by the Tickets of Enrolment in the Possession of the said Paymasters General, or of his Majesty's Commissioners of the Navy, to be due to any other Volunteers or Substitutes, raised for the Service of his Majesty's Army or Navy, by virtue of this Act; and the Residue thereof (if any) shall be applied for the Use of his Majesty's Military or Naval Service, under the Direction of Parliament.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen Days next after the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held next after the Day of Easter in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to transmit to the Secretary at War a Copy signed by such Clerk of the Peace, of every Return and Certificate of Men raised to serve in the Army by virtue of this Act; and also to transmit to the Commissioners of the Admiralty a Copy, signed as aforesaid, of every Return and Certificate of Men raised to serve in the Navy by virtue of this Act; and where such Return or Certificate shall be omitted to be made, such Clerk of the Peace shall certify such Omission, both to the Secretary at War, and the Commissioners of the Admiralty, in like Manner, and also what Proceedings shall have been had at any Quarter Sessions in relation to the raising Substitutes, where

Treasury may demand from

Receivers Gc-

neral Accounts of Money received, and di-red* the same to be paid to the Paymaster General, or the Treasurer of the Navy, to be applied to certain Purpdtes.

the due Proportion of Men shall not have been raised by the respective Parishes charged therewith; and if any such Returns as aforesaid, according to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk

any such Clerk of the Peace shall refuse, or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, make, record, or transmit

of the Peace so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

on

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be received or enrolled in his Majesty's Service, by virtue of this Act, who is not, in the Opinion of the Regulating Officer or Officers, such an able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Ruptures, and every other Distemper, or Bodily Weakness or Infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his Duty in the Army or Navy; or who, in the Opinion of such Officer or Officers, shall appear to be under the Age of sixteen Years, cr above the Age of forty-five Years; nor any Person being or having been, on or before the twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, an articled Clerk or Apprentice; nor Persons serving under Articles in the Coal Trade, until the Expiration of the said Articles (unless with the Consent of the Master of fdch Clerk or Apprentice, or of the Master or such other Persons as aforesaid); nor any Person enlisted in any of his Majesty's Forces, whether Military or Marine, or who has deserted therefrom, or who is already entered in his Majesty's Navy; nor any poor Man (not being a Sea-faring

(c

Clrrks of the Peace, within 14 Dayi after the Easter Quarter Sessions 1797, to transmit to the Sc -erttary at War and Admiralty, Copies of Return?, and Certificates of Men raised to serve in the Army and Navy respectively, &c. Penalty of 5001.

Persons disqualified as herein specified, not to be enrolled;

Man) who has more than two Children born in Wedlock; Provided that no Person enrolled by virtue of this Act shall, by reason of any such Disqualification as aforesaid, beliable to be discharged from his Majesty's Service, or taken out of the same, unless Notice in Writing of such Disqualification shall be given to the Officer or Officers under whose Command such Person shall be, before the Time of his entering into any Regiment, or on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War, and before the Bounty hereby authorized to be paid to Men raised by virtue of this Act shall have been paid or satisfied to him; any Thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. a Regiment, or on board Ship, and before

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, and entered into any Regiment or Independent Company of his Majesty's Army, shall be liable to serve therein during the Continuance of the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End of the War, if the Regiment or Independent Company in which such Person shall be serving shall be in Great Britain, or otherwise for the Space of one Calendar Month next after their Arrival in Great Britain; and that every such Person entering into the Service of the Navy, shall be liable to serve therein during the Continuance of the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End of the War, if the Ship on board which such Persons shall serve shall be in any of the Ports of Great Britain, or otherwise for the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Arrival of such Ship in any such Port.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being enrolled in his Majesty's Naval Service by virtue of this Act, shall desert such Service, or, being actually entered in such Service, shall lift himself in any Company, Troop, or Regiment, in his Majesty's Military or Marine Forces, without first having a Discharge in Writing from the said Commissioners of the Admiralty, or such Officer or Officers as thail

T be

but no such Ptr-

Ton, if enrolled, shall be discharged, unless Notice of his Disqualification be given before his entering into receiving Bounty.

Time for which Persons shall be Lable to serve.

Penalty for De-fertion irom the Nava Jurvice, lifting in the Military or Marine Forces, or

443

ft l iking or disobeying an

Officer.

Constables may cause suspected Deserters from the Naval Service to be apprehended; and if Justices find them to have been enrolled, they shall commit them, and transmit an Account to the Admiralty. Gaolers to receive the Subsistence of Deserters, but no Fee.

Justices to order ao s. to be paid by the Collector of the Land Tax to the Appre-hender of a Deserter from the Naval Service.

Penalty of 5 1. for concealing Deserters from the Naval Service.

Application of the Penalty. Offenders not having sufficient Distress, or not paying the Penalty, may he committed for three Months.

Men enrolled may be billetted as the Marines.

Officers appointed in pursuance of this Act, and their Assistants, may be billetted as the Men to be enrolled.

Places where such Officers are billetted -may be appointed

C. 4. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

be duly authorized by them for that Purpose, or shall (trike or use any Violence against any Officer or Officers under whose Command he shall be put, (such Officer or Officers being in the Execution of his or their Duty,) or shall disobey any lawful Command of such Officer or Officers, all and every Person or Persons so offending on Shore, in any such Part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be inflicted; and such Person or Persons, being apprehended or in Custody for such Offence, shall and may be conveyed on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War in Commission, at any of the Ports of this Kingdom, and there detained and tried for such Offence, in such Manner, and by such Court, as if such Offence had been committed on board, or from on board, such Ship of War.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Head-borough, or Tything Man of the Town or Place where any Person enrolled by virtue of this Act in his Majesty's Naval Service who may be reasonably suspected to be a Deserter, shall be found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of one or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such Person is a Person duly enrolled in his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act, such Justice of the Peace shall, forthwith, cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or to the House of Correction, or other publick Prison, in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended, or to The Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or Westminster, or Places adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, to the End such Person may be proceeded against according to Law^ and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of such DefeTter during the Time he shall continue^in his Custody, for the Maintenance of such Deserter, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprisonment of any such Deserter; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure and apprehend any Deserter who shall have been enrolled in the Naval Service by virtue of this Act, be it further enacted, That such Justice of the Peace shall also issue his Warrant, in Writing, to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax loney, of the Parish where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying, out of the Land Tax Money arisen or to arise in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, into the Hands of such Person or Persons, who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such Deserter from his Majesty's said Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which Sum of twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist, any Deserter, from his Majesty's said Naval Service, knowing him to be such, every such Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said Penalties shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, one Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer by whose Means such Deserter shall be apprehended, and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter did or doth belong, to be credited by him in his Accounts; and in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or assisting any such Deserter or Deserters, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him for such Oft’er.ce, or shall not pay such Penalties within four Days after such Conviction, then and in such Case such Justice or Justices shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months.

XLIII. ‘And whereas there may be Occasion for the quartering of the Men'enrolled by virtue of this Act, in several Parts of this Kingdom be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter and billet the Men enrolled in his Majesty's Service, by virtue of this Act, while on Shore, (except in the City and County of the City of London aforesaid,) in such Manner, and at such Times and Places respectively, and under such and the like Powers, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, as his Majesty's Marine Forces may be quartered and billetted, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of his Majestys Marine Forces while on Shore, or by any other Act then in force for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces.

XLIV. And whereas there may be Occasion for quartering the Officers appointed by his Majesty, in pursuance of this Act, and their Assistants, before any Men are enrolled, and of opening Houses of Rendezvous for the Purpose of receiving such Men: Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter and billet the Officers appointed by his Majesty to act in the Execution of this Act, and their respective Assistants, in such Manner, and under such and the like Powers, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, as the Men to be enrolled in his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act may be quartered and billetted; and that each and every the House or Houses, and Place or Places where such Officers shall be quartered or billetted, or such of them as shall be thought necessary, it shall be lawful for the several auJ respective Justices of the Peace, having Authority to ad in the Execution of this Act, or any two or more

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4.

of them, by their Order in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, to appoint and constitute a Place or Places of Rendezvous for the Reception of Men enrolled by virtue of this A<5E

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters herein before required to be verified, such Person or Persons shall fufter the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury; and that if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit* erase, alter, or falsify any Certificate or Return required or directed to be given or made by this Act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any Certificate or Return so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled in his Majesty's Service, by virtue of this Act, shall be accused of any capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate, or Property of any of his Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land, the Officer or Officers having the Command of such Party is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial; and if any such Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the apprehending such Offender, every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convidfedl

before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where the Fact is committed, by the Oath of

les, shall be utterly di

within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Ge-

two credible Witnesses,

be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment

449

foi Reception o: Men enrolled.

Penalty for making falfr Oath, counter-feiting Certificates or'Returns, Arc.

Persons enrolled accused of Offences punishable by Law, shall be delivered over to the Civil Magistrate. Penalty on Officers not delivering over such Offenders, Arc,

neral Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be enrolled in his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process whatever, other than by some criminal Process, for some criminal Matter punishable by the known Laws of the Land.

for

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forms of Enrolment and of the Returns which the Justices of the Peace, and other Officers before mentioned, are required to cause to be made and returned of the Number of Men levied for his Majesty's Service, together with the other Particulars herein-before directed* shall be made as follows: videlicet,

No Person enrolled shall be taken out of the Service hut criminal Matter.

Enrolments and Returns to be made in the following Form.

I

I Names of Volunteers Parishes for Parishes Ages. Descrip- Sums paid ^Sums di- 1 Days on

Men enrol- or Substi- which they they belong tiens of to Voiun- retted to be which they

I led. tutes. serve. te. their Per- tcers or paid to the i were en

fons. Substitutes lreasurerof rolled, and

he County, at what

and to Places.

1 whom. r

1

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be enrolled, and any Dispute shall arise between his Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, and inch Servant, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant for or on account of his Service performed before the Time of such Enrolment, or to such Time as he shall be obliged to quit the Service of his said Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, it shall and ma^ be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town Corporate, or Place, where such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching the same, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant, in Proportion to the Service he has performed, as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable; and in case of Refuful or Nonpayment of any Sums so ordered, by the Space of seven Days next after such Determination, such Justice shall and may issue forth his Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of 37 GEO. III. 3 N such

A Justice rr.iy settle Difpures between Maf« trrs and Ser vants enrolled, respecting Wages.

45°

C. 4.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Tills Act not to be a Precedent for diminishing the Rights of the Cirv of London.

How Fires exceeding zc 1. (except for not raising the Proportion of Men) shall be recovered;

and how Fines not exceeding

that Sum.

Offe nders iray be committed for Want of Distress. Application of Fines.

such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not be deemed or construed to be a Precedent on any future Occasion to diminish or be prejudicial to the Rights, Liberties, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions to which the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or the Freemen, Citizens, or Inhabitants of the Paid City, are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament,'Charter, Usage or otherwise howsoever.

LI. And be it further enacted, That ail Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds (except the Fines to be levied for not railing the Proportion of Men as herein-before is directed) in ill be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Walcs> or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, LancaJ1ery and Durham, (as the Case shall requiie,) wherein no Effbign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, upon Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so diffrained and fold; and for Warn of sufficient Distress such Justices are hereby required, in all Cases where no particular Time of Commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, shall be paid, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to him or them that will inform or sue for the same.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no OrJer or Conviction made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution, or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Peace, Treasurers, Clerks of Justices, at Petty Sessions, Constables, and other Officers, who are hereby respectively required to execute this Act in any of the Particulars herein mentioned, and who shall respectively execute the same to the Satisfaction of the Justices of the Peace, at their respective Quarter Sessions assembled within the said Counties, Cities, Towns, Cinque Ports, Liberties, and Places herein mentioned, shall have and receive such Rewards, and no other (except such Rewards as shall be directed to be paid to any Person for his Pains or Charges in raising Substitutes as herein-before is directed) for their Care and Trouble in and about the executing ihis Act, and for their respective Expences and Charges in the same, as the said Justices shall judge the said Officers to have deserved; and the said Justices shall, after Allowance thereof, direct the same to be paid by the Treasurer, or other Officer of such County, out of any Money in his Hands of the County Rates; and if such Treasurer or Officer shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands of the County Rates to pay the same, then such Justices shall, and are hereby authorized and required, to make a Rate for the Payment of the same, in such Manner and Form as they are authorized by Law to make Rates for the Repair of Gaols or County Bridges, or any other Purposes for which the Rate commonly called The County Rate is or may by Law be applicable.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any District, Town, Liberty, or Place, which is hereby united with any County for the Purposes of this Act, is not liable to such County Rate, then the said Justices hereby appointed for the carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, shall, anil they are hereby authorized and required, jointly to ascertain the Proportions of such Rate which ought to be defrayed by such Di ft rift, Town, Liberty, or Place, according to the Number of inhabited Houses paying Faxes within the same, and the Amount so ascertained shall be levied within such District, Town, Liberty, or Place, by the Justices thereof, by a Rate, in the same Manner as any Justices might in a County levy Money for County Purposes.

LV. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace at their first Meeting, for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution, shall direct, and are hereby required to direct the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been directed to be paid on account of Bounty or Fines, in pursuance of an Act of the thirty-fifth Year of his nrefent Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the everal Counties in England for the Service of his Majesty's Nny, to render an Account (in the Form directed by an Act to enforce the due Execution of the be fore-recited Act) of all and every Sum and Sums of Money whatever that shall have been paid to the said Treasurer or Treasurers on account of Bounty and Fines as aforesaid, and shall also dtreft the Balance or Residue of such Bounty and Fines to be forthwith paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the County, and shall also tkt an Account, tran^m*t the said Accounts to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy.

in the Form directed by 36 Geo. 3. c. 115, of Monies received, and pay Balances, to the Receiver General, and shall transmit the Account to the Navy

Oftkc.

ihUr LYL And

No Order to be removed by Certiorari, nor Execution to be superseded.

Clerks of the

Peace, Treasur-trs, Clerks of Petty Sessions, Constables, &c. to receive such Rewards as the Quarter Sessions shall judge proper, who shall direct Payment out of the County Rates; and if they shall be inefficient, they may nuke a Rate for the Payment.

If a Place united with any County is not liable to the C ounty Rates, the Justices ftnll afceiuin

the Proportion which it ou^ht to pay.

The Justices at their first Meeting shall direct County Treasurers to whom Money ftiail have been directed to be paid in pursuance of 35 Geo. III. Cap. 5, to r»n*

4

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

45i

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Commissioners Navy, oc any three of them, to demand from the Treasurer or Treasurers of any County, Riding, or Division, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been paid into the Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers,

as

I JKm. __________II

so made the said Commissioners, or any three of them, are hereby authorized to give a full Discharge in pursuance of this Act; and such Monies shall be applied to the Payment of Bounty or Bounties herein directed to be paid, under the Control of the said Commi (Hone rs, to Volunteers who are entered and rated

sn, such bum or bums of Money as shall have been paid into the Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, a Bounty or Bounties on account of any Man or Men entering to serve in the Navy in pursuance of is Act, and to direct the same to be paid into the Hands of tfv Treasurer of the Navy; for which Payments

on board the Ships in which they are intended to serve.

may duett County Ticafureis to pay Moniei received ns Counties to Men entering into the

Navy, to the

Navy, to be applied in Payment of Bounties to Volunteer*.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed, or to be appointed, an Overseer of any Parish during the Continuance of this Act, shall be of the People called Quakers^ and shall reglecl or refute to perform the Duties required of Overseers by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for two Justices of the Peace of the District where such Parish is fuuate, and they are hereby required, in all Cases where the Circumstances of the Case shall, in their Judgment, render it expedient, by their Order, under their Hands and Seals, to appoint one or two fit and proper Person or Persons to be Deputy Overseer or Overseers of such Parish, for the Purpose only of carrying this Act into Execution; and such Persons so appointed Deputies shall have and exercise all the Powers and Jurisdiction given to Overseers of the Poor by this Act, and shall do and perform all the like Duties and Offices under the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are hereby imposed for Neglect of Duty on Overseers of the Poor appointed by virtue of the Laws now in Force; and that where an Appointment of any Deputy shall be so made, the principal Overseer (being one of the People called Quakers) shall he, and he is hereby discharged from the Performance of any Duty required of him by this Act, and from all Penalties incurred for Neglect thereof after the Time of such Appointment.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Bountyor Bounties shall have been paid put of the Rates raised for the Relief of the Poor of any Parish, the same shall be reimbursed by a Rate specially made under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace of the County where such Parish is situate, on the Complaint of any Parishioner that the Money so paid out of the Rate made for the Relief of the Poor hath not been reimbursed, and they are hereby required to order and direct the Overseers of such Parish forthwith to make a Rate to reimburse the same.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the bad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

If any Quaker Hull be appointed an Overseer, and shall neglect his Duty, two Juf-ticcs may appoint a Deputy Ovt. rfecr for carrying Act into Execution.

Bounties paid out of the Poor Rates, to be re-imbursed by a special Rate.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue,

[Treble Costs.]

This Act may be altered or repealed this Session. Sec port, Chap. *4.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of the Proceedings relative to the several Matters contained in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, may be used on all Occasions, with such Additions and Variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular Exigencies of the Case, and that no Objection shall be made, or Advantage taken, for Want of Form, in any such Proceedings, by any Person or Persons whatever.

Forms in the an. nexed Schedule may be used.

No Objection to be made for Want of Form.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

No. 1.

FORM of Appointment of General Sejtons.

To the Justices of the Peace for the County (Riding, or Division) of

WHEREAS it is enacted, by an Act, intituled, [Here Jet forth the Title of the /#7,] and passed on the, Day of that the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County

i; [or Riding, or Division, as the Case way bey) shall, within a Time not exceeding

C. 4. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

twenty-one Days after the pacing of that Act, assemble together at some convenient Place in the said County of (or Riding, or Division,) where the General (Quarter Sessions of the Peace have

heretofore or usually been held, and there hold a Court of General Sessions for the Purpose ot carrying effectually into Execution the Powers given to them by the said Act, in pursuance of Notice to be given by the Cleric of the Peace, with the Content of two Justi&s of the Peace, in any Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of hve Days at the least before the Day appointed for holding such

Court: Notice is hereby given that I Clerk of the Peace for the County (Riding, or

Division) of by virtue of the Powers and in pursuance of the Direction contained in that

Act, have appointed, and do hereby appoint, with the Allent of A.B. and C.D. two of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, (Riding, or Division,) a General Sessions, to be holden the Day of next ensuing, at the of in the said County, (Riding, or

Division,) at the Hall there situate, at the Hour of in the Forenoon of the same

Day, for the Purpose of carrying the said Act into Execution; and that I have in pursuance thereof directed this Notice to be published in the Newspapers called The usually circulated in this

County, (Riding, or Division,) on the Day of next ensuing, being

Days before the said Time of Meeting.

A.B. Clerk of the Peace for the County of

No. 2.

FORM of Appointment of Number of Men to be raised in the everal D'flrifls

To be annexed to the Order to High Constable.

AT the General Sessions of the Peace, held by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the on the Day of at We, the Justices of the

Peace in and for the County of assembled at the above Sessions of the Peace, do hereby

appoint the Number of Men to serve for the Hundred of (or City, Town, Rape, Lath,

Wapentake, or District,) and also for each Parish, "Pithing, or Place, separately supporting its own Poor, or extra-parochial Place, within the said Hundred, (or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District,) within the County of as follows j videlicet,

Name of Hundred(or City, 1 Tow.*., Rape, Lath, Wa-I pentake, or District). Names of Parishes (or Ti-things or Places). % Number of Men for each Parish, (Tithin^ or Place).

[Hundred of (or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or Dif-Itridt, as the Case may be). Parish of (Tithing or Place) Parish of Parish of A. *) *2 Jp j: Parish of B.(H £ <3 Tithing of B. F So*5 a - - j 00 0 0 0 0

And who are respectively to be raised on or before the Day of

now next ensuing. Dated this Day of

No. 3.

FORM of Orders of the General Sessions to the Clsief Constables, Cfc,

or

M-

(or whatever their Description

( where

To A.B. Chief Constable of To A.B. and C.D. Constables of

maybe,) or

To A* B. Constables of the Parishes of

more than one are united),

WE, A.B. C. D Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, assembled at a General Sessions, held by virtue of, and for the Purpose of carrying into Execution, an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the An,] do hereby require you to give Notice to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of (or Tithing of or Name of Place % as it may be,) of the Number of Men appointed by us‘to

1

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4.

be levied for the several Parishes, Tithings, or Places, within your District, and of the Time of raising the same, according to the Lift hereunto annexed; and you are hereby required to make a Return to the Justices of the Peace in and for your District, at the first Petty Sessions to be holden for the said District, by virtue of the said Act, on the Day of next following, being the Day appointed for

making Returns of all Matters and Things done by you, according to the Directions therein contained. Signed lor and by Order of the said Justices, and according to the Directions of the said Act.

, A.B. Clerk of the Peace for the said County.

r £; No. 4.

FORM of the Notice to Churchwardens.

f To the Overseers tf the Parish of or of the several

M-----s Parishes, Tithings, or Places of in the said County, and to each

( and every of them. k -

NOTICE is hereby given to you, that the Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, at a General Sessions assembled under and by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here Jet forth the Title of the At/,] by their Order, bearing Date the Day of have appointed one Man, (or Men,)

to be levied and raised for the Parish of [or if two or more Parishes, Tithings, or Places

are added together, name the Parishes, Tithings, or Places]; and you are hereby required, immediately after the receiving this Notice, to call together the principal Inhabitants of the said

at a Vestry to be held within the said [if more Parishes, &c. than one, here insertihe Parish9

&c. fiJl named in the Order of Appointment,] to take into Consideration the most speedy and effectual Means of raising the said (Man or Men) appointed to be raised for the said in pursuance of the said Act, of which Meeting you are to give two Days public Notice in Writing, by affixing the same on the Church or Chapel Door of your Parish or Place (or, if more than one) Chuych or Chapel Doors of your respective Parishes or Places, or if there is no Church or Chapel in your rarish, (or Place,) then on the nearest Church or Chapel Door, according to the Form annexed: And you are hereby required to take Notice, that such Man {or Men) is {or are) to be raised on or before the Day of next ensuing, being twenty-one Days alter the Date of the said Order; and

that as foonas you have agreed with any Person to serve, you are to produce every such Person before the proper Officer appointed to regulate the Admission of Men into the Army (or Navy, as the Case may be) for your Parish and if he shall approve of him, you are then to cause him to be brought before two or*more Justices of the Peace of this County, to be examined; and in case the Regulating Officer shall reject any Person raised by you, and you shall think yourself aggrieved thereby, you are to give to him immediate Notice of your Intention to appeal to the Justices at the next Petty Sessions to be held in your District j and you are to make a Return of all Matters and Things done by you and the Inhabitants aforesaid, or any of you or them, in pursuance of the said Act, and according to the Directions herein contained, to the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the District of at a Petty Sessions to be holden ac

on the Day of next ensuing. Dated tins

Day of. in the Year of our Lord

A.B. Chief Constable of

' No. 5.

FORM of Notice to the Principal Inhabitants of any Parijlo or Place, or Parishes or Places united together

To the Principal Inhabitants of \

NOTICE is hereby given, that you are required to meet on next ensuing, at a Vestry

(or Meeting) atto take into Consideration the most speedy and effectual Means of raising

one Man (or Men) appointed at a General Sessions of the Peace holden on the

to be raised by you for the Service of the Army, (or Navy, as the Case may be,) in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Act;] and so that such Man (or Men) be raised, approved of, and enrolled In his Majesty's Service, on or before the

being the Time appointed for railing such Man (or Men).

No. 6.

FORM of Order for fixing the Time of Appeals.

To the Overseers of the several Parishes, Tithings, and Places, within the of in the County (Riding, or Division) of and to each and every of them. f

Jbl—— 7 AT the first Petty Sessions held by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Act] for the Purpose of receiving the Returns of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes,

i JWi -v Tithings

Uay ot

A.B.

a d. } °verseers<

now next ensuing.

454

C. 4.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Pithing?, or Places, within the said District, charged to raise Men, under the above Act, against the Proceedings of Regulating Officers appointed under that Act, who shall rejeif any Man or Men raised by the said respective Parishes, Tithings, or Places, whereby such Overseers Hull be aggrieved, shall and may be heard and determined on the Day of next ensuing, and on

following, until such Appeals shall be determined at before such Justices as shall then and

there meet to hear and determine such Appeals. Given under oui Hands and Seals, the Day

of - in the Year of our Lord '

% 4 Vu. J te 4 %

:v a 7*. No. 7.

FORM of Order of Justices upon a Difference or Difagvcemnt between two Parishes or Places.

WHEREAS Complaint hath been made to us, A.B. C.D. Justices of Peace, in and for the

M-----

Diflritl of $ said County of M. acting in and for this DistriZl, and assembled at a Petty Sessions this

Day of in the Year of our Lord that [Here set out the

Complamt\ we* do hereby order that [ Here set out the Orderly and that this Order shall be final and conclu-five upon all Parties. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day ot in the

Year of our Lord

No. 8.

FORM of the Justices Certificate, one Duplicate whereof

to be left with the Clerk of the Peace.

f or the County of

Al—,) WE A.B. and C.D. Esquires, two of the

3 Justices of the Peace in and for this County, do hereby certify, ‘that E. F. hath voluntarily entered himself in the Service of his Majesty's Army or Navy, .(as the Case may be,) for the Parish (or Parishes, as the Case may be,) of and that his Description is

as under-written:

Number of the Certificate. Name. Place of Birth or lawful Settlement. Age. Calling.

E.F. - - - Parish of O O i

And we do further certify, that the Sum of Pounds hath been agreed to be paid as a Bounty to the said E. F. on his entering into such Service; [and if any Sum is to be said to him on Enrolment, add as followsJ, And wc do nereby direct, that the Sum of Pounds, Part thereof, shall be paid to the said E. F. (or to the Wife, Child, or Children, or Father,

or Mother, of the said E. F. at his Request), at the Time of his Enrolment: And we do further certify, that we have ordered the Overseers of the said Parish of to pay into the Hands of L. M\ the Treasurer of the said County of within the Space of four-

teen Days from the Date hereof, the Sum of Pounds, being the Residue of the said Bounty, to be applied as the Act in such Case directs. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the

Year of our Lord

No. 8.

FORM of the Justices Certificate, one Dupli te whereof. to be delivered with the Party. ca

For the County of M-----7 WE A.B. and C. Z). Esquires, two of the

3 Justices of the Peace in and for this County, do hereby certify, that E. F. hath voluntarily entered himself in the Service of his Majesty's Army or Navy, (as the Case may be,) for the Parish (or Parishes, as the Case may be) of and that his Description is

as under-written:

Number of the Certificate. Name. Place of Birth or lawful Settlement. Age. Calling.

E.F Parish of A O O -

And we do further certify, that the Sum of Pounds hath been agreed to be paid as a Bounty to the said E. F. on his entering into such Service; [and if arty Sum is to be paid to him on Enrolment, add as followsJ, And we do hereby direct, that the Sum of Pounds, Part thereof, shall be paid to the said E. F. (or to the Wife, Child, or Children, or Father,

or Mother, of the said E. F. at his Request), at the Time of his Enrolment: And we do further certify, that wc have ordered the Overseers of the said Parish of to pay into the Hands of L. M\ the Treasurer of the said County of within the Space of four-

teen Days from the Date hereof, the Sum of Pounds, being the Residue of the said Bounty, to be applied as the Act in such Case diretfs. Given under our Hands and Seals, this. Day of in the

Year of our Lord At ‘

No.

9

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4.

No. 9.

F 0 R M of Notice by Overseers, to the Regulating Officer s, of appeals.

To A.B. Regulating Officer (or, to A.B. C.D. and E. F. Regulating Officers) at

under an Act, intituled, [HereJet forth the Title of the Ash]

WHEREAS you, as such Regulating Officer, have rejected A.B. produced before you as a Volunteer to serve in his Majesty's Army, (or Navy, as the Case may be,) as unfit to serve his Majesty, and we J. IV, and T. B. Overseers of the Parish of for Name of Place), for which Parish

(or Place) the said A.B. was tendered to serve, think ourselves aggrieved by such Determination; Notice is therefore hereby given to you, that it is our Intention to appeal against such Determination to the Justices of the Peace, adlingin and for this District, to be 2flcmbied at the next Petty Sessions to beholden by virtue of this Act. Given under our Hands this Day of

No. IO.

FORM of Return of Overseers to the fif ices of their Difrifl, at their Petty Sessions, of Persons enrolled.

§1 *- r

Return of Persons enrolled as Volunteers to serve in his Majesty's Army, (or Navy, as the Case may be,) for the Parish of under an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the

Names. Parishes or Places for which they serve. Parishes or Places of Eirth or Settlement. Calling. Age. Sums agreed to be paid as County.

A.B. Parish of Parish of Yeoman 17

C.D. I; Town

C.D. 1 °verseers-

No. 11.

FORM of Summons of Overseers ailing for Places that have made Default

M-----

District of

To A.B. and C.D. Overseers of the Parish of

WHEREAS the Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by the Parish of (or if more than one, the Parishes of or Name of Place or Places,) has not been made

within the Time limited to you for so doing; this is therefore to require you to appear before the Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, and acting in and for this District, to be assembled at a Petty Sessions to be holden on the Day of atto answer for your Default

therein, and to be dealt with according to Law. Hereof fail not. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of.

PM, % No. 12.

FORM of Summons of Inhabitants, et cetera.

To A.B. and C.D. Inhabitants of

WHEREAS we A. and B. Justices of the Peace acting for the District of in the County of have summoned before us T. IV, and Z, X. the Overseers of the Parish of

to answer for the Default in not having raised the Proportion of Men to be raised by the said Parish of in obedience to the Order of General Sessions, and in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Here Jet forth the Title of the Act]; and on due Examination of the Premises it having appeared to us that such Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of, or Disobedience to the said Order, and that the same hath been unavoidable, but that the same hath arisen through the wilful Neglect of inhabitants

of the said Parish of These are therefore to require you to be and appear before the Juf-

v». trees

C. 4.

0+

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

t5ccs of the Peace acting in and for the said District, on at

why the Fine directed to be imposed on’ you in such Case should not be adjudged the Directions of the said Act. Dated th.s Day of

No. 13

A.D. 1796.

to shew Cause to be levied, according to

- *0*

FORM of the Order of Fine\

WHEREAS T. W. and Z. X. the Overseers of the Parish of (or Parishes

of or Places) have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to

to wit.,) or or rtaces) have not mace Keturns of the whole iMumDer or ivion appointed to

be raised by virtue of an Order of General Sessions, made in pursuance of an Act, intituled, \Here frtfo*th the Title of the Act,] for the said Parish of (or Handies, et cetera,) within the Time limited

to them for doing the same: And whereas the said Overseers have been summoned to appear before the said Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the District of and have refused to to do, (or appearing before them at the Petty Sessions held on at and being examined by them as

to the Cause of such Default,) and it having not been made to appear by such Overseers to the Satisfaction of the Justices aforesaid, that such Default hatn not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of, or Disobedience to, the Order, and that the same hath been unavoidable; We do hereby, on due Cnnftderation of me Premises, adjudge rhre said T. IV. and Z. X. the said Overseers, to be guilty of having wilfully made such Default, and do line the said T. IV. and Z. X. in the Sum of ten Pounds over and above the Sum of £.

which we the said fuflices have ascertained, as nearly as may be, to be the Amount which hath been given on an Average as a Bounty to Men enrolled by virtue of the said Act, within the District of

and by virtue of the Powers vested in us by that Act, do order that the same be forthwith paid by them into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County of M for the Uses and Purposes of that

Act. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of in the Year of our

Lord

To the Constable of

(or Parishes of to be raised by virtue

No. 14.

FORM of Warrant of Distress for Fine

to wit \

WHEREAS T. W. and Z. X. the Overseers of the Parish of

or Places) have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed of an Order of General Sessions made in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Acts\ for the said Parish of (or Parches* et cetera) within the Time limited to them for doing the same: And whereas the said Overseers have been summoned to appear before the said Justices of the Peace acting in and for the District of and have refuled so to do, (or, appearing before them at

the Petty Sessions held on at and being examined by them as to the Cause of such Default,) and it having not been made to appear by such Overseers, to the Satisfaction of the Justices aforesaid, that such Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of, or Disobedience to the Order, and that the same hath been unavoidable: And whereas, by virtue of the Powers vtfted in us by the said Act, we did adjudge the said T. W and Z. X. to be guilty ot having wilfully made such Default, and accordingly did fine the said T. W. and Z. X as such Overseers of the said Parish, in the Sum of for such their Default, which Sum hath not forthwith been paid; these are therefore to command you to levy the said Sum of £. by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the said T. W. and Z. X.; and if

within the Space of next after such Distress by you taken, the said Sum of £.

together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress, shall not be paid, that then you do fell the said Goods and Chattels io by you cmirained, and ut of the Money arising by such Sale, that you do pay the said Sum of £. into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County of

for the Uses and Purposes of that Act, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, unto them the said T. IV- and Z. X. the reasonable Charges of keeping and felling the said Distress being first detfudted j and if sufficient Distress cannot be found of the Goo is and Chattels of the said T. IV. and Z. X whereon

that then you certify the same to us, together with the Return of

to levy the said Sum of this Precept. Herein fail not. in the Year of our Lord

Given under our Hands and Seals the

Day of

No. .15* f

FORM of Order of levying Rate on Inhabitant or Inhabitants%

To the Overseers of the Parish of

jW—— WHEREAS T. IV. and Z X the Overseers of the Parish of (or Parishes ot*

J or Places) have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by virtue of an Order of General Sessions, made in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Here Jet fer ./ the Title of the Act,] for the said Parish of (or Parishes, et cetera) within the Time limited

457

A.D. 179&.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4.

to them for doing the same: And whereas the said Overseers have been summoned to appear before the said* Justices of the Peace acting in and for the District of and that on their appearing before them

at the Petty Sessions held at and being examined by them as to the Cause of such

Default; and it having not been made to appear by such Overseers, to the Satisfaction of the Justices aforesaid, that such Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of, or Disobedience to the Order# and that the same hath been unavoidable: And whereas it hath been made appear to our Satisfaction, that the same hath arisen through the wilful Default of /. M. an Inhabitant of the said Parish of (ory if more than one, I. M. O. P. et cetera, Inhabitants et cetera): We do therefore adjudge the said /. M, et cetera, to be guilty of having wilfully made such Default, and do fine the said /. M. etcetera* in the Sum of ten Pounds, (et ceteray) as in Form, No. 1*3.

No# 16,

FORM of Order of Justices to the Treasurer of the County

To the Treasurer of the County of M.

M— - 7 WE, A\ B. and C D. two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the District

j of in this County, do hereby order you to transfer in your Account to the Use of

E. F. (enrolled as a Substitute to serve for the Parish of (ory Parishes, et cetera, of )

in his Majesty's Navy, the Sum of £. out of the Money in your Hands arising from the Fine

imposed upon the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of [ory Inhabitants, as the Case maybe)

or for their Default in not railing a Volunteer for the said Parish of under an Act, intituled*

[Herefetforth the Title of the Act]. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

No. 17#

FORM of Order or Warrant to Constablesy et cetera, to attend.

M— To the Constables of or Overseers, et ceteray of

WE, A1 B. C.D. and E. F. his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of assembled at the General, (or Quarter, or Petty Sessions, as it may be) do hereby require and order you to attend the Justices of the Peace assembled at a Sessions of the Peace, on the

Day of atto shew Cause to the said Justices why [ Here set out the Default complained

of] or to make a Return (as the Case may be). Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day

of

I s

No. 18.

FORM of Conviction for Neglect of Duty* -

M-----7 BE it remembered. That on this Day of in the Year of

to wit. 3 his present Majesty's Reign, A.B. of is duly convicted before us

Justices of the Peace, atfembied at a Sessions of the Peace held at in pursuance of an Act of the Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, [Here fetforth the Title of the Atl,] for that he the said A.B. on at did wherefore we the

laid Justices (or of the said Justices) do adjudge that he the said A.B. do pay the Sum of

as a Fine for his Offence, in pursuance of the Powers veiled in us by the said Act. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

No. 10.

FORM of Commitment for Fraud or wilful Partiality

To

Af-----7 RECEIVE into your Custody the Body of A.B. herewith sent you, having been adjudged

to wit.,) guilty of [Hereflate the Offence], in pursuance of an Act passed in the Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Afly) and him safely keep in your Custody for the Space of next ensuing j and for so doing this shall be your sufficient Warrant.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

37 Geo. III.

30

No. 20.

45«

t

A.D. 1796.

C. 4. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

No, 20.

An Account of Parishes within the County of for which Volunteers or Substitutes were

raised for the Service of his tYlaiefty, together with the other Particulars relating thereto; as required by an Act, intituled [Here fetforthihe Title of the Aa)

Al’Ac?sUNT of ^e PlrJfl?eSnWithin, the 9ounty of fined for Default of not railing Men

intituled [HereJet forth the Title of the ‘

Parishes fined. Amount I of Fines, 1 Transferred to Account of Substitutes. Paid for Rewards. Residue.

Names of Substitutes. Sum.

1 £»* J* d* 1 £»* d, £. So d* 1 % £, j. rf.

f No. 22.

« n

FORM of Order of fujiices for Payment of Bounty to the Treasurer of the County.

To the Overseers of the Poor of the

WE, yf B. and C.D. two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of having examined E. F. who hath voluntarily entered himself to serve in the Army, f^rNavy, as the CoJt may bej for the Parish or Parishes of to whom a Bounty of Pounds hath

been agret d to be given, of which Pounds hath been paid to the said E. F. do hereby order

you, L. M. and N. O. Overseers of the Poor of the said to pay into the Hands of R, S»

of Treasurer of the said County of Pounds, being the Residue

of the said Bounty, within fourteen Days from the Date of this our Order. Hereof fail not at your Peril. Given under our Hands the Day in the Year of our Lord

J. B. "ft HI

C. D.

459

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4, 5.

No. 23.

FORM of BILL for the Payment of the

Remainder of Bounty.

Day of 179 ,

SIR, £. s. d.

PAY to of on producing and delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of

being on account of the Bounty of a Volunteer for the County of belonging to his Majesty's Ship if it shall be demanded before you have paid over the same to the Receiver General, otherwise you are to return his Bill to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Office in London.

To the Treasurer of the County of

Commissioner of the Navy.

Clerk to the Treasurer of the Navy.

By virtue of the Act of the thirty of George

the Third, Chap.

A.B. The personating or falsely assuming the Name and Character of any Person entitled to receive the Wages of any inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commi limned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the thirty-second of George the Third, Chap. 34.

The Officer to whom the above Bill is addressed, is directed by At\ 32 George III. Chap. 34. to examine the Duplicate thereof when presented, and inquire into the Truth by the Oath of the Person presenting the same; and being satisfied, he is to tellify to that Purpose upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Reward.

No. 23.

FORM of BILL for the Payment of the

Remainder of Bounty.

Day 179

SIR, s. d-

PAY to of on producing and delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of

being on account of the Bounty of a Volunteer for the County of belonging to his Majesty's Ship if it

shall be demanded before you have paid over the same to the Receiver General, otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Commis-aoners of the Navy, at their Office in London., f

To the Treasurer of the 7 County of J

| Commissioner of the Navy.

' 7 Clerk to the Treasurer of the

J Navy.

By virttle of the Act of the thirty of George

the Third, Chap.

N.B. The personating or falsely assuming the Name

and Character of any Person entitled to receive the Wages of any inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the shirty-second of George the Third, Chap. 34.

The Officer to whom the above Bill is addressed, is directed by Act 32 George III. Chap. 34. to examine the Duplicate thereof when presented, and inquire into the Truth by the Oath of the Person presenting the same; and being satisfied, he is to testify to that Purpose upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Reward.

CAP. V.

An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

[11th November 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the Public Service that the most effectual Means should be, adopted fof providing a speedy Supply of Men to serve in his Majesty's Army or Navy :* Alay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be levied within that Part of Great Men to be levied Britain called Scotland, in the several Counties or Stewartries, and Royal Burghs and Towns, and other in the following Places herun-aKer mentioned, such able-bodied Men to lerve his Majesty as aforesaid, at such Times and Proportions in such Manner as herein after is directed, and that the Number of Men to be levied by virtue of this Act [Tor*?*109.] it Lin oe as; (that is to say,)

f or the County of Aberdeen, one hundred and fifty-four.

For the City of Aberdeen, induding the Parish oi Old Afacbar, thirty-two*

P ur me Burgh of Kintore, one.

P or the Burgn of Inverury, one.

3 O 2

For

460 C. 5.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 179*

For the Town of Peterhead, four.

For the Town of Frazerjburgh, two.

For the Town of Old Mildrum, one.

For the Town of Huntley, one.

For the County of Ayr, eighty-one.

For the Burgh of Ayr, five.

For the Burgh of Irvine, two.

For the Town of Kilmarnock, nine.

For the Town of ZfriVA, one.

For the Town of Steuarton, one.

For the County of Argyll, eighty-seven.

For the Burgh o f Inver ary, three.

For the Burgh of Campbellton, (lx.

For the County of Bute, nine.

For the Burgh of Rothfay, three.

For the County of Berwick, thirty-three.

For the Burgh of Lawder, two.

For the Town of Eyemouth, one.

For the Town of Aston, one.

For the Town of Dunfe, two.

For the Town of Greenlaw, one.

For the County of Banff, fifty-three.

For the Burgh of Banff three.

For the Burgh of Cullen, one.

For the Town of Macduff, one.

For the Towns of CM and New Keith, two*

For the Town of Fochabers, one.

For the Town of Portsoy, one.

For the County of Caithness, twenty-four.

For the Burgh of IVick, three.

For the Town of Thurso, eight.

For the County of Cromarty, eight.

For the Town of Cromarty, two.

For the County of Clackmannan, five.

For the Town of Clackmannan, two.

For the Town of Alloa, eight.

For the County of Dumfries, forty-three#

For the Burgh of Annan, two.

For the Burgh of Dumfries, seven.

For the Burgh of Lochmaben, one.

For the Burgh of Sanquhar, two.

For the Town of Moffat, one.

For the County of Dumbarton, twenty-one.

For the Burgh of Dumbarton, four.

For the Town of Kirkintilloch, one.

For the County of Edinburgh, eighty.

For the City of Edinburgh, including the Liberties of Canongate, Pleasance, South and Nottb Leith, and Coalbill, eighty.

For the Town of Dalkeith, five.

For the Towns of Musselburgh, Fisherow, Inverejk, and Newbigging, seven.

For the County of Elgin, thirty-seven.

For the Burgh of Elgin, four. T

For the Burgh of Forres, three.

For the County of Fife, ninety-two.

For the Burgh of Cupar, five.

For the Burgh of Dumfermline, Limekilns, and Torryburn, eight.

For the Burghs of Inverkeithing, Northferry, and Aberdour, two*

For the Burgh of Bruntisland, two.

For the Burgh of Kinghorn, three.

For the Burgh of Kirkcaldy, including the Link, five#

For the Burgh of Dy/art and Pathead, three.

For the Burgh of Anstruther Easter, two.

0)* ^j.61

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

For the Burgh of Anstruther Wester, one.

For the Burgh of Craill, three.

For the Burgh of Kilrenny and Sillerdike, one.

For the Burgh of Pittenweem, two.

For the Burgh of Saint Andrew's, five.

For the Towns of Leven, Largo, ity, Kennoway, Methel, BuMaven, E after and I defter IVemyfsy two.

For the Towns of Leftey, Ceres, Auchtermuchty, Falkland, and Strathmighy one.

For the Town of Newbury, one.

For the County of Forfar, seventy.

For the Burgh of Brechin, four.

For the Burgh of Dundee, thirty-three.

For the Burgh of Forfar, iour.

For the Burgh of Montrose, five.

For the Burgh of Arbroath, four.

For the Town of Kirrymuir, two.

For the Town of Cupar of Angus, two.

For the County of Haddington, thirty-eight.

For the Burgh of Haddington, five.

For the Burgh of Dunbar, four.

For the Burgh of North Berwick, two.

For the Town of Preston Fansy one.

For the County of Inver ness, seventy-two.

For the Burgh of Inverness, fourteen.

For the County of Kinrfs, fix.

For the Town of Kinross, two.

For the County of Kincardine, thirty-three.

For the Burgh of Inverbervie, one.

For the Stewartry of Kircudbright, twenty-eight.

For the Burgh of Kircudbright, three.

For the Burgh of New Galloway, one*

For the Town of Castle Douglas, one.

For the Town of Gatehoife, one. f or the Town of Creiton, one.

For the County of Lanerh, seventy-one.

For the City of Glasgow, Gorbals, Anderflon, and Calton, seventy-one.

For the Town of Hamilton, three.

For the Burgh of Lanerk, two.

For the Burgh of Ruglen, one.

For the Town of Strathaven, one.

For the Town of Airdrie, one.

For the County of Linlithgow, seventeen.

For the Burgh of Linlithgow, five.

-F or the Burgh of Queens ferry, two.

For the Town of Borrowstowness, four.

For the County of Nairne, seven.

For the Burgh of Nairne, two.

For Orkney, thirty-eight.

For the Burgh of Kirkwall, four.

For Zetland, nineteen.

For the Town of Lerwick, two.

For the Town of Stromness, two.

For the County of Peebles,' twelve.

For the Burgh of Peebles, three.

For the County of Perth, one hundred and sixty-seven.

For the Burgh of Perth, twenty-four.

For the Burgh of Culrofs, one.

For the Town of Dunkeld, two.

For the Town of Crieff, four.

For the Town of Dumb lane, two.

For the Town of Auchterarder, two.

For the Town of Alyth, one.

A.D. 1796.

462 C. 5. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

For the County of Renfrav, twenty-six.

For the Burgh of Renfrew, one.

For the Town of Parjley, and the Villages of Newtoun* Williamsburgh, Smith ills, Carriogehilh, Maxwelltoun, and Millerstoun, eighteen.

For the Town of Port Glasgow, two.

For the Town of Greenock and Carfdike, sixteen.

For the County of Ross, forty-nine.

For the Burgh of Tain, two.

For the Burgh of Dingwall, two.

For the Burgh of Fortrofe, two.

For the Town of Stornoway, one.

For the County of Roxburgh, forty-five.

For the Town of Kelso, three.

For the Burgh of Jedburgh, five.

For the Town of Hawick, three.

For the Town of Melrose, two.

For the County of Selkirk, two.

For the Burgh of Selkirk, three.

For the Town of G allowjhi elds, one.

For the County of Stirling, forty-eight.

For the Burgh of Stirling, seven.

For the Town of Falkirk, four.

For the Town of Kilfyth, one.

For the County of Sutherland, thirty-one.

For the Burgh of Dornock, three.

For the County of IVi^toun, eighteen.

For the Burgh of iPigtoun, one.

For the Burgh of Whitehorn, one.

For the Town of Newton, two.

For the Burgh of Stranraer, two.

His Majesty may appoint Officers to regulate the Admission of Men.

Clerks of the Peace to sum-ynon a General Session of the Justices;

who shall ascertain the Relit of Parishes, and thence apportion the Number of Men to be raised for each County.

m

The Justices’ Cler* to transmit to Parish Ministers an Intimation to be read irom the Pulpit, icquir-ing Heritors to meet for j rocur-ing Men, Arc.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to constitute and appoint so many Officers to regulate the Admission of Men to be levied under the Authority of this Act, for his Majesty's Service, as his Majesty shall deem necessary, who being so respectively appointed, Hull establish within their respective Districts a convenient Place or Places of Rendezvous in each such District, for the Reception of such Men; and every such Man, so to be levied, shall, before his Enrolment, he examined by one such Regulating Officer at the least, as to his Ability to serve his Majesty; and every such Officer shall have the full Power of approving or of rejeding any Man tendered to serve his Majesty, subject nevertheless to such Control and Superintendance as by this Act is particularly directed

III. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the Peace of the said several Counties and Stewartries in Scotland (excepting the Counties of Inverness, Rojs, Cromarty, Sutherland, and Caithness, and the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland) shall, within thirty Days after the passing of this Act, and the Clerks of the Peace of the said Counties of Inverness, Rojs, Cromarty, Sutherland, and Caithness, and of the said Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, shall, within fifty Days after the passing of this Act, or sooner if it can bedone, cause an Advertisement to be published in some one Newspaper published, or usually circulated within the County, summoning the Justices of the Peace of the said different Counties and Stewartries to meet in General Session upon a Day to be mentioned in such Advertisement, and at the usual Place where the Justices of each County severally are accustomed to meet; and the Justices, when assembled at such Meeting, shall proceed to distinguish and ascertain the valued Relit of the different Parishes within the County or Stewartry, and apportion the Number of Men to be raised for each County or Stewartry upon the several Parishes, according to the Proportion which the Valuation of such Parish bears to t.?e total Valuation of the County; and the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn till the Duty incumbent on them by this Act is fully discharged, so as such Adjournment shall only be from Day to Day, Sundays

excepted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after making such Apportionment in each Shire or Stewartry, the Justices of the Peace in and for the lame shall cause their Clerk to transmit to the Minift rs of the several Parishes within the Shire or Stewartry, other than Parishes comprehended within the Royal Burghs and Towns herein-before mentioned, an Intimation to be read from the Pulpit the first Day or* Divine Service after receiving the same, requiring the Heritors of the Parish to meet, by rhcmfeives or Agents, within ten Days from the Time of the Intimation being lb made at the Parish Church or Manse of the said Parish; and the Heritors, or their said Agents, shall meet accordingly, and ax such Meeting shall direct such Measures to be taken as to them shall seem most expedient to procure the Number t f vlcn apportioned on the Parish, by the Payment of Bounty Money, and to have the Men procured delivered over to the Regulating Officer appointed to pass and receive them, within fifteen Days after the Meeting;

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sept

C. 5

4 63

QmgU;

and if not paid, tnc Justices to afliH the Parishes for Deficiencies.

Bounties to be pa d by the Heritors, who may raise the Amount on the Panlhcs,

and in case the said Number of Days shall elapse without the Quota of Men apportioned upon the i'arish Heritors to pay being produced, delivered oyer, and passed, then the Heritors of such Parish shall be liable, in the first - JL* nt

Instance, to pay unto the Collector of the Cess for the County or Stewartry within which the Parish is situated, a Sum of Money equal to twenty-five Pounds Sterling for each Man of the Quota required from the Parish deficient, such Deficiency being certified under the Hand of the Regulating Officer of the Dtf-tridt, and Copies of his Certificate delivered to the Minister of the Parish, and to the Clerk of the Peace for the Shire or Stewartry in which the Parish is situated; and in case the said Heritors shall fail to make such Payment within the lime above-mentioned, then the Justices of the Peace of the County or Stewartry shall immediately assess the Parish in the Sum due for its Deficiency at the Rate aforesaid, according to the valued Relit of the Parish, ascertained by them in Manner aforesaid, and shall order the Collector tf the Land l ax for such County or Stewartry, and he is hereby authorized and required, without Lois of Time, to recover the same from the Heritors of such Parish, in the same Manner, and by the same Means, as he is empowered by Law to recover and render the Land Tax effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Bounty Monies to Men procured by the Heritors of the several Parishes, shall, in the first Place, be provided and paid by the said Heritors, and an Account kept thereof; and at the Elapse of the Time before-mentioned, when the Sum of twenty-five Pounds for each Man then deficient is appointed to be recovered and paid as aforesaid, in order to defray the Expence of the Bounties to be given to the said Men, it shall be lawful to the Heritors in the said Parishes, or such of them as nave advanced the Bounty Monies, or to any Person authorized by them, to raise a Sum equal to the Whole of the Money so advanced and paid by them upon the Parish agreeably to the Act of the Parliament of Scotland^ which was passed in the Reign of Charles the Second, in the Year one thousand six hundred and sixty-three,

Chapter Sixteen, and the Proclamations of the Privy Council of Scotland in the Reign of King If^tlham, ratified by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, which was passed in the same Reign, first September one thousand six hundred and ninety-etgnt. Chapter twenty-first.

VI. And be it enacted, That in the Case aforesaid of the Number of Men allotted to any Parish not being raised, and delivered over as above directed, within the Time before limited, and the Sum of twenty-five Pounds for each deficient Man being raised from the Heritors as before directed, then the Heritors paving shall be, and they are hereby authorized to assess the Tenants, Inhabitants, and Pofjessors, of such rarish, in a Moiety of the Sum so paid, to be levied in the same Manner as they are empowered to do by the aforesaid Acts of the Parliament of Scotland.

VII. And be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or delay to pay his, her, or their Proportion of the Sum or Sums so aifeffed or imposed, within the Time appointed for Payment thereof, the same shall, upon a Complaint to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute of the Shire or Stewartry, or his Substitute, by the Procurator Fiscal of the County or Stewartry, be recovered and rendered effectual by Distress and Sale of the Effects of the Person or Persons refilling or delaying so to pay.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where there is not sufficient Evidence of the valued Relit of Lands, the Apportionments and Assessments hereby directed shall be made according to the customary Payment of the Cess or Land l ax, or in such other Way as to the Justices of the Peace of each Shire or Stewartry, assembled as aforesaid, shall seem best; and in case there be no acting Justice of the Peace within any District, the Duty and Powers by this Act made incumbent on or given to the Justices, shall be performed and exercised by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute for such District, and the Duties of the Clerk of the Peace by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, or his Deputies.

Heritors paying for deficient Men may assess Inhabitants in a Moiety of the

Sum.

Aflfc Aments may be recovered by Distress.

Where there Is

no Evidence of the Relit of Lands, Assessments to be made according to the Land Tax; and where no Justices aft, Sheriff Depute to act, &c.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices at their said Meetings to add

Men allotted for the same, and to raise the Money necessary; and all the other Proceedings directed by this Act shall take place in like Manner as if the Parishes so joined did originally or by Law form but one Parish; and the Justices shall, in the Case of such Junction, direct where the Heritors of the Parishes joined shall meet; and the said Heritors are hereby directed and required to meet at the Place so appointed accordingly, by themselves or their Agents.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish lies in two or more Counties or Stewartries, the Charge imposed on such Parish for raising Men for his Majesty's Service by this Act, shall be in the Shire or Stewartry where the Church belonging to such Parish is situated, and the Whole of such Parish shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed Part of the said Shire or Stewartry; and all the Money to be levied for or in respect of such Parish, in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid to and recovered by the Officers of the same.

Justices may add together two or more Parishes for raising

ca

XI. And be it enacted, That in case any Regulating Officer shall fail to make his Certificate, and to use Copies thereof to be delivered as herein-before directed, he shall, for every such Failure, be liable

in the Pen Procurator

ilty of thirty-one Pounds ten Shillings, to be recovered by summary Complaint made by the Fiscal of the County or Stewartry to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute; and in case the Procurator Fiscal shall fa I 111 his Duty in any of the Articles before mentioned, then he shall be liable in a Penalty of

ings for each Failure, to be recovered by a summary Complaint to the Sheriff or

The Charge for raising Men in a Parish lying in two Counties to be made in that where the Church is situate.

Penalty on Regulating Officer or Procurator Fiscal for Nc-glcdfc.

thirty-one Pounds ten Shillings

Stewart

464

Order of Sheriffs &c to be Anal.

Magistrates, witlun a limited Time, to take Measures for levying Men, and may levy Money to pay

Bounties.

If the Complement of Men is not raised within a limited Time, the Magistrates to assess thp Heiitorsand Inhabitants for the Deficiency.

Magistrates neglecting to make Assessments for Deficiencies to be personally liable.

Treasury to cause Lifts to be prepared of the Number of inhabited Houses within the Limits of Cities, Arc. assessed to the Duties on Houses, &c. and to be forwarded to the Chief Magistrates, who shall apportion the Sums to be kjvied.

Where the Lift Utah appear inapplicable, the Magistrates or Justices may apportion die Levies as to them shall seem expedient.

C. 5. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Stewart Depute by the Regulating Officer, the Collector of the Land Tax, or any Heritor of the

Parish.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Orders or Decrees of the Sheriffs or Stewarts Depute, and of the Justices of the Peace, in any of the Cases before-mentioned, and in all Proceedings held under this Act, shall be final and conclusive as to all Parties, and shall not be removeable by Bill of Suspension* Advocation, or any other Form or Process of Law, into any superior or other Court whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrates of the several Cities* Royal Burghs, Towns*

and Places, in this Act mentioned, except those to the Northward of Invtrnefi, shall, within twenty Days after the passing of this Act, and the Magistrates of the several Cities, Burghs, Towns, and other Places, in this Act mentioned, situated North of Inverness, shall, within forty Days after passing of the same, or sooner if it can be done, take such Measures as shall seem to them most expedient for levying the Number of able-bodied Men, according- to the Proportions herein-before allotted for each of the said Cities* Royal Burghs, Towns, and other Places; and they shall be, and they are hereby authorized to levy fron* the Heritors, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of such Cities, Burgh9, Towns, and other Places, a Sum not exceeding twenty-five Pounds per Man, for paying the Bounties they may fee proper to give to such Men* as are actually levied, not exceeding the Numbers allotted for such City, Burgh, Town, or other Places* by this Act, in such Manner, and by the Proportions as is herein after directed; and the Men so levied shall be delivered over by the said Magistrates to the Regulating Officer appointed to act for that Place in Manner aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case the Magistrates of any of the said Cities, Royal Burghs, Towns* or other Places, shall not have raised its full Complement of Men accepted of by the Regulating Officer* within thirty Days after they are herein-before directed to take Measures for that End, then the said Magistrates shall ftent and assess the Heritors and Inhabitants in a. Sum equal to twenty-five Pounds for each Man deficient, and shall levy the Sum so assessed in the Manner, and according to the Proportions herein after directed; and the said Sum shall be paid to the Collector of the Cess for such City, Burgh, or Town, or where there is no Collector of the Cess for such City, Burgh, or Town, then to the Collector of the Cess for the Shire or Stewartry within which such City, Burgh, Town, or other Place, is situated, to answer and pay the Bounty Money given to Men levied to supply the Deficiency, until the whole Number allotted for such City, Burgh, Town, or Place, shall be completed.

XV. And be it enacted, That in case the Magistrates of any of the said Cities, Burghs, Towns, or other Places, shall neglect or refuse to assess and ftent the Heritors and Inhabitants thereof, for the Sums of Money for which such City, Burgh, Town, or Place, may be liable in case of Deficiency as aforesaid, or to levy, apply, and pay over the same in Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, then the Magistrates of such City* Burgh, Town, or Place, making Default, shall be personally liable in a Penalty equal to the Sum deficient* to be recovered by summary Complaint to the Sheriff Depute, at the Instance of the Procurator Fiscal of the Sheriff' Court, within the Jurisdiction whereof such City, Burgh, Town, or Place, making Default, is situated; and the Sums so recovered shall be paid over and applicable in the same Way that the Sums are by this Act directed to be applied in the Case of the Magistrates levying the same from the Heritors and Inhabitants.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, for the Time being, shall cause to be prepared true Lists of the Number of all the inhabited Houses within the Limits of any of the Cities, Royal Burghs, Towns, Parishes, and Places, particularly above specified, which are assessed and pay to the Duties on inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, and shall forthwith cause the same to be forwarded by the respective Surveyors or other proper Officers of the said Duties, to the Chief Magistrate of each of the said Cities, Royal Burghs, Towns, Parishes, or other Places respectively; and where there are no such Magistrate or Magistrates, to the Justices of Peace, Clerk of the County or Stewartry, within which such Town, Village, or Place, is respectively situated;. and the Magistrates of the said Cities, Royal Burghs, Towns, Parishes, and other Places, and the Justices of the Peace of the County or Stewartry, within which such Towns, Villages, or Places above described, are respectively situated, duly and regularly assembled, shall, as soon after the Receipt of such Lists, as conveniently may be, respectively proceed to apportion among the Inhabitants of the said Cities, Royal Burghs, Towns, Parishes, and Places, as nearly and equally as may be, the Sums of Money appointed to be levied by this Act either for Bounties to Men raised in pursuance of this Act, or for Fines or Penalties incurred for Default of raising the Proportion of Men respectively above specified; and the said Magistrates assembled as aforesaid, are hereby respectively authorized and required to divide and apportion the said Bounties, Fines, or Penalties respectively, as near as may be, in such Proportions as the Number of inhabited Houses assessed to and paying the said Duties in each City, Royal Burgh, Town, Parish, or Place, shall bear to each other: Provided always, that where, from the inconsiderable Number of inhabited Houses assessed as aforesaid, contained in any Royal Burgh, Town, Village, or Place, the said Lift shall appear to the Magistrates of the said Burgh, Town, Village, or Place, or to the Justices of the Peace, as the Case may be, within which the same are respectively situated, either totally inapplicable, or not affording an equal and impartial Rule for apportioning among the Inhabitants of the same, the said Bounties, Fines, or Penalties, it shall be lawful for the said Magistrates and Justices respectively, and they are hereby commanded and required to apportion the said Bounties, Fines, or Penalties, among the Inhabitants of the

465

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sept

C. 5.

Appeal may be

made to a General Meeting of Justices.

Their Decree to be final.

aame, in such Manner and by such Rule as to them shall seem moil expedient, and as may render the Operation of this Act, in such cases, as equal and impartial as possible: Provided always, that it shall be in the Power of any Inhabitant of such Burgh, Town, Village, or Place, conceiving himself aggrieved by the Assessment imposed by any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace above mentioned, to appeal from the same to a General Meeting of the Justices of the Peace, of the County or Stewartry within which such Burgh,

Town, Village, or Place, is respectively situated; provided the said Appeal be entered within ten Days after written Notice has been given by the said Magistrates or Justices, or Person authorized by them, of the Rate or Assessment proposed to be put upon fuel? Inhabitant; and the Order or Decree of the said General Meeting of Justices shall be final and conclusive as to all Parties, and shall not be removeable by Bill of Suspen-fion. Advocation, or any other Form or Process of Law, into any superior or other Court whatsoever.

XVII. And be it enacted, That where Parishes are partly Landward and partly within Burgh, the Landward Part of the Parfth, whether holden of the Burgh or not, or whether paying Cess to or with the Burgh or not, shall be considered as Part of the Shire or Stewartry liable for its Proportion of the Men allotted by this Act to be raised in or for the same, and the Part within Burgh shall be included in the Allotment for the

Burgh. the Part within the Burgh, Part of the Burgh.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Doubt shall arise what Part of any Parish General Mcit-ought to contribute and be afleiled within the County or Stewartry of which it is a Part, and what Part of it is included and ought to contribute and be assessed as Part of the City, Royal Burgh, Town, Village, or Place, particularly and respectively above specified, it shall be in the Power of a General Meeting of the Justices of the Peace of the County or Stewartry within which such City, Royal Burgh, Town, Village, or Place, is situated, duly assembled at a General Meeting, and of which due Notice shall be given by Advertisement or otherwise, in order that all concerned may attend, to fix, ascertain, and determine, from the Lift of inhabited and assessed Houses, or from such other Evidence as the Nature of each Case respectively admits, what Part of such Parish falls to contribute and be afleiled with the County or Stewartry, and what Part and Right in pursuance of this Act to contribute and be assessed, as Part of the City, Royal Burgh, Town,

Village, or Place, respectively; and such Order or Judgment may, at the Suit of any Party conceiving himself aggrieved, be removed by Bill of Advocation, Suspension, or other usual Process of Law, into the Court of Session; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Landward Part of the Parishei to be deemed Part of the Shire, and

ing of Justices may determine what Part of any Pahih ought to be aftl-fled within the County, and what Part within the City, &c.

Their Order may be removed into the Court of Session.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or any Sheriff or Stewart Justices, 8cc.

Depute, or Substitute, or Chief Magistrate, resident in any City, Burgh, or Town, in this Act men- direct a

tioned, before whom any Person shall be brought to be examined touching his Consent to enter into his Majesty's Service, t6 direct that any Sum, not exceeding one third Part of the Bounty agreed to be paid to to Volunteer him on his engaging to serve, shall be advanced to such Person, or to such of his Family, and ia such Pro- on their Exami-portions, as he shall request at the Time of his Enrolment herein after mentioned; and that the Residue of nation, and the such Bounty shall be paid into the Hands of the Collector of the Cess for the Shire or Stewartry, Burgh, or Residue to be Town, to which the said Person belongs, or for which he is inlisted, there to remain until the same shall {^d0[hthe CcTsT become payable to such Person, on his being enrolled in some Regiment, or mustered on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War.

XX. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall agree to enter himself as a Volunteer in either of Volunteers to be

such Services as aforesaid, shall be produced before the Officer or Officers appointed to regulate the same brought before Service, at the nearest Place of Rendezvous to any Parish or Place for which such Volunteer shall agree to !u<rin7officer> serve; and in case such Officer or Officers shall, on Examination, approve of such Volunteer to serve his & approved Majesty, then such Volunteer or Volunteers may forthwith be brought before any such Justice, Sheriff Dc- by him, uken pute, or Substitute, or Chief Magistrate, residentas aforesaid, acting in and for the Panlh or Place; and in before a Justice, case it shall appear to such Justice, Sheriff' Depute, or Substitute, or Magistrate, that such Person or Persons - ^ho shall hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in the Service of his Majesty as aforesaid, then they Bering and ftaie are hereby required forthwith to certify, under their Hands, that such Person or Persons hath or have volun- the Amount 01 tarily entered himself or themselves in the Service of his Majesty's Army or Navy, as the Case may be, and the Bounties at the Foot of such Certificate enter the Amount of the Sums to be paid as Bounty or Bounties to such paid, &c. Volunteer or Volunteers, on his or their entering into such Service, and the Sums (if any) which have Certificates t« been directed to be advanced to him or them at the Time of his or their Enrolment; and which Certificates bc delivered to shall bc delivered to such Regulating Officer, and he shall thereupon cause such Person or Persons to be the officer, who enrolled in his Majesty's Military or Naval Service, as the Case may require. shall cause the Men to be enrolled.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in case the Regulating Officer at the nearest Place of Rendezvous afore-(aici, shall reject any Person or Persons produced before him as such Volunteer or Volunteers, as unfit to serve lus Majesty in either of the said Services, and the Heritors of any Parish, or Magistrates of any Burgh or Town, for which such Person or Persons shall hpve been tendered to serve, shall think, themselves aggrieved by the Rejection, it shall and may be lawful for any one of such Heritors or Magistrates to apply, by summary Uomplaint, to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Substitute, of the Shire or Stewartry, who shall cause the said Complaint to bc served on the said Regulating Officer or Officers, directing him to answer the same Within a Time to be limited, not exceeding six Days, and he or they, on receiving such Notice, shall, and they are hereby required, before the Time of hearing the Matter of the said Complaint, to set down his Tleafons in Writing for such Rejection* and such Writing being exhibited to the Sheriff or Stewart De-37 Geo. III. 3 P putes,

If Regulating Officer reji£t a Volunteer, the Heritors or Ma-giftr.ucs nr.ay apptal to the Sheriff, &c.

Rtgubting officer to write his Reasons for Rejection.

466

C. 5.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Sheriff's Order Anal.

If Men art not procured by.ttie Heritors or Ma jcistrates, certain Persons may produceSubfti-tutes, or Volunteer may offer themselves to a Justice, tec. who shall settle the Bounty, tec. and order the Collector of the Cess to pay it,

Certificates or Copies to be transmitted with the Persons enrol. to the Commanding Officer, who shall make out a Ticket for the Bounty clue, Arc. (ike Cap. 4; the County Quota

jia.)

Certain Persons disqualified to be enrolled:

Eut no Person if

enrolUd shall be discharged as being an articled Clerk, &c. unit fs Notice of Disqualification be given before his entering and the Bounty

paid#

Regulations of 37 Geo. III. Cap. 4. respecting Deserters from the Naval Service in England, to extend to this Act.

Expences in executing this Act to be defrayed by the respective Counties.

Collectors of the Land Tax may advance Bounties.

me v^uumy lur which 11c man iu vc; ui iiuhi hic j. 1111c ui 1m.11 1 uiuii juaru^ iuv.ii ixig1mv.u1.,

irft happen, or from the Time of such Person being muflered and rated on board any Ship, and Ship or Vessel shall proceed to Sea, as the Case may be, make out a Picket or Tickets for the

j din ici uiiv.v.icu 111 icipcuui ivicu ciuuucu 111 Lungiunuy uiivv-icu uy nu nu pauvu 111 uns j^iv-itnv

n of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties of nd, for the Service of his Majesty's Army and Navy, and shall be reimbursed to the Person so paying

pute, or their Substitute* they shall do therein what shall seem to them in their Discretion expedient, and their Order shall be final and conclusive.

XXII. And be it enacted, That in all Casts where Default shall be made in procuring and delivering Men by the Heritors or Magistrates as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, having Authority under h'S Majesty to provide Men fur the Service of the Army or Navy, to produce any Person or Persons, Substitute or Substitutes, or for any such Person or Persons voluntarily to come before any Justice of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Substitute, or Chief Magistrate resident of the County, District, or Place respectively for which they are produced or come, and be examined as to their Content to serve in his Majesty's Army or Navy, as Substitutes for such Parishes or Places respectively, and who shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to settle the Bounty or Bounties to be paid for such Substitutes; such Bounty cr Bounties, including the Expences incurred in providing the said Substitutes, not to exceed the aforesaid Sum of twenty-five Pounds Sterling;’and such Justices shall, in case any such Persons shall be approved of by the Regulating Officer as aforesaid, certify such Consent and Approbation, and the Bounties agreed to be paid, in the Manner hereinbefore directed with respect to Volunteers; and the said Justices shall thereupon make an Order upon the Collector of the Cess for the Shire or Stewartry, or Burgh or Town, for which such Substitute is enrolled, to pay the Bounty Money out of the Money in the Hands of such Collector arising from the Assessments made for and in the Parish or Place for which such Substitute or Substitutes is or are admitted.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every such Certificate so granted, or a full and true Copy thereof, signed by the Regulating Officer, shall in all Cases be transmitted along with the Person enrolled, and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, or of the Ship or Vessel in which such Person shall be entered to serve; and such Commanding Officer shall, within four Days from the Time of such Person being admitted into any Regiment, and before such Volunteer shall be compelled to go out of the County for which he shall serve; or from the Time of such Person joining such Regiment, which shall first

Payment of the Bounty Money agreed to be paid to such Person, and then remaining due, in such Manner as if such Money had become due to such Person on account of Arrears of Wages as a Seaman on board such Ship or Vessel, and such Bounty Money shall and may be paid to such Person, or to his Family, in the Manner directed in respect of Men enrolled in England, as directed by an Act passed in this present

Sc (lien Engla

the fame, by the Collector of the Cess for the particular Shire, Stewartry, Burgh, or Town.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be received or enrolled in his Majesty's

Service by virtue of this Act, who is not, in the Opinion of the Regulating Officer or Officers, such an able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Ruptures, and every other Distemper or Infirmity which may render him unfit to perform his Duty in the Army or Navy; and who, in the Opinion of such Officer or Officers, shall appear to be under the Age of sixteen Years, or above the Age of lorty-five Years; nor any Person being an articled Clerk or Apprentice (unless with the Consent of the Master of such Clerk or Apprentice); nor any Person inlisted in any of his Majesty's Forces, or already entered in his Majesty *s Navy; nor any Deserter: Provided that no Person enrolled by virtue of this Act shall, by Reason of any such Disqualification, as being a Clerk, or Apprentice, or inlisted or entered, or being a Deserter, be liable to be discharged from his Majesty's Service, or taken out of the same, unless Notice in Writing of such Disqualification shall be given to the Officer or Officers under whose Command such Person shall be, before the Time of his entering into any Regiment, or on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War, and before the Bounty hereby authorized to be paid, or any Part thereof, shall have been paid or satisfied to him.

XXV. And be it enacted, That all the Regulations established by the aforesaid Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties of England, for the Service of his Majesty's Army and Navy, against Deserters from his Majesty's Nava! Service for Englandt and against Persons harbouring or concealing Deserters, and for billetting Officers and Men, shall attach upon and be construed to comprehend the Cases of Persons enrolled in his Majesty's Naval Service in Scotland, and the Officers commanding them, by virtue of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Expences incurred in the Execution of this Act in Scotland (including such Gratifications for the T rouble of the Clerks of the Peace, and other Officers, who are respectively required to execute this Act, as shall be deemed adequate for their Trouble by the Justices of the Peace or Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or resident Chief Magistrate as aforesaid) shall be defrayed by the several Counties, Stewartries, Burghs, Towns, and Places severally; and the Collectors of the Land Tax in the several Counties, Stewartries, and Burghs, are hereby empowered to afiefs and levy the said Expence along with the Land Tax, according to the Rules and Proportions herein-before mentioned.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That until the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be actually

recovered and paid in to the several Collectors, that the respective Collectors of the Land Tax, out of the Publick Money in their Hands, shall, and are hereby authorized and required to advance and pay such

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5.

Sums as may be necessary for Payment of Bounties to such Persons as shall be approved of by the Regulating Officers.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Collectors of the Cess in the several Counties, Stewartries, Burghs, and Towns, herein-before mentioned, and all other Persons into whose Hands Money raised or contributed under or in pursuance of this Act shall be paid, shall be liable for the same as Publick Accountants; and all Surplus Money remaining, after satisfying the Purposes of this Act, shall be at the Disposal of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, to be applied in providing Men for the Augmentation of his Majesty's Army or Navy, in such Manner as in their Discrerion shall seem expedient; and the usual Process shall and may issue for compelling an Account and Payment thereof.

467

Persons rect iv-ing Mont y under this Act to be liable as Publick Accountants.

Surplus Money to be at the DiV-

posal of the Treasury, Sec

By April 5, 17177, the Collectors of the Cess to transmit Accounts of

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Collectors of the Cess within the said several Counties, Stew-artres, Cities, Burghs, and Towns, shall, on or before the fifth Day of April in the Year one thousand seven hundred and mnety-seven, transmit to the Receiver General of the Land Tax in Scotland an Account of the Sums levied by them either for Bounties to Men actually raised, or for Fines and Penalties incurred in default of raising Men in pursuance of this Act, and dating what Sums of Money remain in their Hands Money levied, unappropriated to the Purposes herein-before directed; and the said Receiver General shall forthwith transmit and of Balances the said respective Accounts so received as aforesaid, to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, in Hand, to the and each Cnlle£lor failing to transmit to the said Receiver General the said Accounts, shall incur the Penalty of five hundred Pounds Sterling, such Penalty to be recovered by summary Complaint before the Court of Tax -n 15CC^. Session, or by Information in the Court of Exchequer, at the Suit of his Majesty's Advocate. land, who shall

forward them to the Treasury. Penalty of 5001. on Collectors failing to transmit Account*.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Death or Insolvency of any Collector of the Cess, or any other Person into whose Hands Money raised or contributed under or in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid, the Heirs, Executors, Sureties, and Representatives of the said Colle^or, or other Persons aforesaid, shall, within forty Days alter the Decease or Insolvency, deliver in to the Justices of Peace, Clerk, or Town Clerk respectively, as the Case may be, of each County, Stewartry,

City, Royal Burgh, or Place respectively, an Account, to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, of all Things done by such Person insolvent or deceased, touching the Execution of this Act, and render an Account of all Monies actually received and remaining unpaid by any such Collector or other Person, levying and retaining any Sums levied and paid to them in pursuance of this Act, and that under the Penalty of five hundred Pounds; to be sued for and recovered in like Manner as is herein-before directed in respect to the Penalties which may be incurred by such Collector neglecting to transmit to the Receiver General of the Land Tax the Accounts of the Sums levied in pursuance of this Act.

XXXI. And whereas the Regulating Officer appointed to receive and pals the Men as above mentioned,

Penalty of 5001, on Heirs, &c. of Colic dors dying or becoming in-folvci.t, who do not, within 40 Days, deliver an Account of all Things done by the Deceased, &c. touching the Execution of this Act.

Regulating Of-

trates when and where he will be ready to receive Men.

Clerks of the Peace to give Notice thereof to the Ministers when Volunteers are to be produced, or 251. paid for each Man deficient:

Chief Ma.gif-

County or Stewartry, and Chief Reftding Magistrate of each Burgh or Town situated within his Dirtf i&, that he will be ready to receive such Men as they may have procured, at such particular Place of Rendezvous, and on such several successive Days as he may find absolutely necessary, to enable him to travel without Loss of Time, and with all suitable Dispatch, from one Place of Rendezvous to another, in the several Counties, Burghs, Towns, 3nd other Places, within his District; and the Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith give Notice to the Minister of each Parish within the County, or, in his Absence, to the Precentor or Session Clerk of the same, of the Place of Rendezvous, and the particular Day on which the Heritors of such Parish are respectively to produce and deliver over such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, or in default thereof to be liable in the Penalty of twenty-five Pounds Sterling above mentioned for each Man of their (^uota deficient, to be levied, recovered, and applied, as herein directed; and the Chief resident Magistrate of each Burgh or Town is in like Manner to produce and deliver over at such Place of Rendezvous, on such Day as the Regulating Officer shall notify, such Volunteer or Volunteers apportioned on each, or in default thereof to be liable as aforesaid in the Penalty of twenty five Pounds for each Man deficient, to be levied, recovered, and applied, as herein directed. nates 40 teliabicin 251. for each M.m rot then produced.

XXXII. And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled An Mistake in

Afl for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of his Majesty's AWy, forty-nine Men were appointed to be levied for the County of IVigtoun, and eighteen Men for the 1'own of Kilmarnock, both of which

Numbers were by Mistake apportioned on the said County and Town;’ be it therefore enacted, I hat on the said County furnishing, or proving itself to have furnished, twenty-three Men, and the said own of Kilmarnock furnishing, or proving itself to have furnished, fix Men, for the Service of his Majesty's Navy, as directed by the aforesaid Act, they shall be discharged of all further Claim upon them for any further Number of Men, or of any Demand for Penalties incurred for deficient Men, beyond the said Number of

twenty-three Men and fix Men respectively.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Adiioti or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fa& committed, and not afterwards.

35

Gc-o. 3. c. 29. fied.

Limitation of Action?.

468

This Act may be altered or repealed this Session. (Steffi, Cap. 39.

One Horseman and Mare or Gelding to be enrolled for every un Horses kept for ri ;ing or drawing a Carriage, charged to the Duties on Horses granted by certain Acts.

Every Person

shall provide a Mare, &c» and Horseman for every fuel) ten Horses.

Person s keeping, less than ten Horses to be cbfted together, and to provide a Mart,' Arc. and Horseman for every ten.

County Lieutenants, ft*:, to carry this Act into Execution at their Meetings.

The first General Meeting of Lieutenancy shall be holden within 14 Days after the passing of this Act.

Subdivision Meetings to be appointed by the General Meetings.

G. 5,6. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

XXXIV. Provided always, ami be it further enacted, That this Actfc may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. VI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

[i ith November 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, in the present Conjuncture, that a Body of Cavalry should be en- rolled, and kept in Readiness to be called out to actual Service, whenever it shall be necessary, in order to prevent or repel any Invasion that may be attempted by the Enemies of the Country:* May it therefote please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excel'ent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That througnout that Part of Great Britain called England, there shall be enrolled, for his Majesty's Service, one Horieman clothed, and furnished as herein after prescribed, and equipped, with one able and sufficient Marc or Gelding, fit for Military Duty, for and in respect of every ten Horses, Mares, or Geldings, kept for the Purpose of riding, or for drawing any Carriage, mentioned and described in several Acts of Parliament of the twenty-fourth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and charged to the Duties on Horles, granted by the said Acts, by any Assessment made, or to be made, after the fifth Day of rfpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, during the Continuance of this Act; the Execution ot which Enrolment shall be in the Manner directed by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person who is or shall be charged to the said Duties, in Manner aforesaid, for ten Horses, Ivlares, or Geldings, shall provide for his Majesty's Service in Manner herein directed, one Mare or Gelding fit for Military Duty, for or in respect of such ten Horses, Mares, or Geldings, by him or her kept and charged as aforesaid; and in like Manner one other such Mare or Gelding for or in respect of every ten Horses, Mares, or Geldings, by him or her kept in Addition to those before enumerated and charged as aforesaid; and shall also provide one able and sufficient Horseman, eloathed in the Manner directed by this Act, in respect of every such Mare or Gelding by him or her to be provided for the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons herein-before described, who are or shall be charged to the said Duties in Manner aforesaid, for any greater Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, than shall have been comprized in any Enumeration made in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act before-mentioned, (such greater Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, not amounting to ten additional Horses, Mares, or Geldings,) and also all other Persons in that Part of Great Britain, as aforesaid, who are or shall be respectively charged to the said Duties in Manner aforesaid, for any Number less than ten Horses, Mares, or Geldings in the Whole, shall be clafied together in Manner herein after directed, and shall provide one Mare or Gelding fit for Military Duty, for and in respect of every Clals consisting of ten Horses, Marcs, or Geldings, by them respectively kept and charged as aforesaid; and shall also provide one able and sufficient Horseman, eloathed as aforesaid, in respect of every Mare or Gelding by them respectively to be provided for the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenants and’Deputy Lieutenants, conflicted and appointed in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, in that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, and the Jimices of the Peace of the same Counties, Ridings, and Places, and such other Persons as are authorized to carry into Execution the Militia Laws within their respective Jurisdictions, shall, at their respective General and Subdivision Meetings, carry this Act into Execution, in all Matters herein directed to be done; which General and Subdivision Meetings shall be holden for the Purposes of this Act, by the like Persons, and in like Manner, as such Meetings are directed to be holden by the Laws relating to the Militia: And the Jurisdiction of such Meetings assembled for the Purposes of executing this Act, shall extend to all Places within their respective Counties, Ridings, or Subdivisions, in the Manner directed and established by the said Militia Laws, and also to all Extra-parochial Places whatever, within the Limits of their respective Counties, Ridings, or Places.

V. And be it further enacted, That the first General Meeting of Lieutenancy, in every County*

Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, to be holden for the Purposes of this Act, shall be holden on a Day not later than fourteen Days after the passing of this Act; and may be held in pursuance of previous Adjournment, or by Summons, in the Manner directed by any Law now in Force relating to the Militia Forces; and shall be held from Time to Time, by Adjournment,' within seven Days from the preceding Meeting, until the full Complement of Men shall be enrolled by virtue of this Act, and afterwards as Occasion shall require. JMHj

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy shall be appointed by the

first General Meeting to be holden for the Purposes of this Act; and shall be holden on a Day not later than seven Days after the first General Meeting aforesaid; which Meetings may be adjourned from Time to Time, in the Manner directed by the Laws relating to the said Militia Forces; and shall be holden from Time to Time, as often as the General Meetings of Lieutenancy shall direct, or oftener if Occasion shall require. -

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sept

C. 6. 469

Treasury may issue Money to carry this Act into Execution*

Treasury shall causea Schedule of the Number of Horses char^. by the ialt Assessment after April 5, 1796, to be laid before the General Meet.ngs of Lieutenancy,

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being are hereby

authorized and required to issue, and cause to be advanced, all such Sums of Money as shall appear to them to be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and to prevent Delay in the Execution thereof, to such Persons, and in such Manner, as to them shall seem expedient (to be replaced in the Manner herein mentioned); and which Sums so to be advanced, shall be employ d in defraying the necessary Expences in and about the Execution of this Act, in such Particulars as the faiu Commissioners of the Treasury shall order and direct. 4

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall cause to be prepared a true Schedule of the Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, which have been, or shall be charged to the said several Duties, by the last Atteilrnent which shall have been made at any Time after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and of the Names of the several Persons respectively keeping the same, and the Number kept by each Person; describing therein their respective Places of Residence, and distinguishing each Division wherein they were so respectively charged; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall cause the same to be laiJ before the respective General Meetings of Lieutenancy for the respective Counties, Ridings, nr Places, where such Assessments have been made, at their hrft Meetings which shall be held after such Lists shall be prepared by the respective Surveyors of the said Duties, and to be by them verified on Oath if required (which Oath the Lieutenant, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace theirthere assembled, is hereby authorized to administerJ; and the Lieutenant and Depury Lieutenants, or Justices of the Peace, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, the Deputy Lieutenants, or Justices of the Peace, there attending, shall proceed to ascertain and appoint the Number of Men to be provided within the Precinct of each Subdivision Meeting of Lieutenancy, in such County, Riding, or Place, and shall cause a true Copy, signed and attested by them respectively, of so much of the Schedule delivered to them by the respective Surveyors of the said Duties as relate to the several Persons residing within the Precinct of each Subdivision Meeting of Lieutenancy, to be prepared, and the same to be transmitted to the respective Clerks of such Subdivision Meetings, to be laid before the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices assembled at their next Subdivision Meeting after

such Transmission. much of the Schedule as relates thereto.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, liable to the said Duties on Horses, shall not be Penalty on Per-rated and assessed to the full Amount of what he or she ought and is liable to pay, and shall neglect to deliver in a true Lift of the greatest Number of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, kept by him or her at any Time in the Year ending the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for the Space of ten Days after the passing of this Act; or if any Person, having began to keep any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, at any Time since the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall, for the Space of ten Days after Demand thereof made by any Aflellbr or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or Inspector or Inspectors of the said Duties, neglect to deliver in a true Lift, containing the greatest Number of Horses,

Mares, and Geldings by him or her kept at any Time since the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-lix, so that the same may be inserted in an Assessment to be made for the Purposes of this Act, every such Person so neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds: Provided always, that the Delivery of such List shall not subject any Person to the Payment of any Duty to which he or she was not liable before the passing of this Act: Provided also, that the Person delivering in any such List shall be freed and discharged from all Penalties or Surcharges incurred by reason of any Omission in any former Lift delivered before the passing of this Act, or Neglect in not delivering such List, and for the recovering of which no Prosecution or Proceeding was then had or commenced.

v from all Penalties and Surcharges.

X. And be it further enacted, That the above mentioned Penalty of twenty Pounds by this Act imposed, Mode of Reco-shall be recoverable before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, City,

Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and one Moiety of every such Penalty shall belong and be paid to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the same, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General

Lieutenant, tec, to appoint the Number of Men to be provided within each Subdivision, and transmit to the Clerks of the Subdivide r Meeting;, so

Tons not fully assessed neglecting to deliver a List of the great-eft Number of Horses kept by them, tec.

Such Lift not to subject any Person to more Duty than he was liable to before. Delivery of Lift to free the Party

very, and Application of the Penalty,

for the County wherein the Offence shall be committed, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in case of Non-payment, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducing the Penalty,

and the Expences of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners, and for Want of sufficient Distress the Offender shall be sent by such Justice to the Prison of such County, Riding, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, for such Time not exceeding six Months, nor less than one Month, as such Justice shall think most proper.

XI. And be it further enacted, That at the respective Sub-division Meetings to be held next after receiving the Copy of such Schedule as aforesaid, the Deputy Lieutenants there assembled shall cause to be prepared one Lift, in Writing, signed by them, or any two of them, containing the Names and Places of Residence of all Persons appearing by such Copy to be respectively charged to the said Duties for ten or more Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and shall, by distinct Enumerations of the Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for which each Person shall be so charged, as far as the same is practicable, each Enumeration to consist of ten Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, appoint the Number of Men, and also the Number of

Mares or Geldings, which each Person inserted in such List shall provide, in respect of the Horses, Mares,

ew. -V 0 mi

Pt »alty may be levied by Dif-trtfc.

Offenders may be committed for Want of Distress.

Subdivision Meetings to prepare Lists of Persons appearing tobc chargeable lor Horfrs*

I

470

1

If, after classing Horses within any Subdivi-' fion, any shall remain to be enumerated, an

I W

Account of them shall be carried to (one adjoining Sub-division.

Diputy Lieutenants to cause Lifts, Sec to be deposited with the Ck-rksof the Subdivision Meetings, for Jnfpc&ion, and appoint another Meeting forbal-lotting for Persons who are to provide Horse-men and Hotfcs out of Claft'cs, &c.

Lists of Persons appointed or chosen by Ballot to be prepared, and seven Days* Notice given them to attend a Meeting.

Persons intending to serve personally to tike the following

Oath,

( Repealed as to

fivearing to being

a Protestant9pojfy Cap. 23. 6.)

and shall be enrolled.

Substitutes may be enrolled.

C. 6. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

and Geldings, so enumerated; and if after such Enumeration made, any Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, less than ten, shall remain, then the said Deputy Lieutenants shall also insert the same in such List; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall also cause to be prepared another Lift, containing the Names and respective Places of Residence of the several Persons herein-before described, who shall be respectively charged for any Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, not amounting to the Number of ten, and which are not enumerated in the Lift before mentioned, together with the Number thereof; and also the Names and respective Places of Residence of all other Personsjwithin the Preempt of such Sub-division Meetings, who shall be charged as aforesaid for one Horse, Marc, or Gelding, or for any Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, less than ten, in the Whole of such Charge, together with the Number thereof; and the Names of all Persons included in such I aft-mentioned Lift, shall be placed in distiniSt Classes, with reference to the Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings by th~m respectively kept and charged as aforesaid; so that ten Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, shall be included in one Class; and so that the Name of any one Person included in such lalF-mentioned Lift, shall not be inserted in two or more distintft Classes; and so that every Person named in any such Class shall (land one Chance in the Ballot, herein after mentioned, for every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, contained in such last mentioned Lift, for which he or she is charged to the said Duties: Provided always, if after classing the Horses, Mares, and Geldings, charged as aforesaid, within the Precinct of any Sub-division Meeting, any Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings shall remain to be enumerated, an Account of the same shall be carried to some adjoining Sub-division Meeting in the County, Riding, or Place, where the like Result has taken Place, and so toties quoties, until the whole Number of Horses, Marcs, or Geldings, charged in such County, Riding, or Place, shall have been enumerated, as nearly as may be, and the Number of Men enrolled in such County, Riding, or Place, may as nearly as possible be in proportion to the Number of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, charged to the said Duties, throughout the whole County, Riding, or Place.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants who shall have prepared such Lists and Classes, shall cause the same to be fairly written and deposited in the Hands of the Clerks of their respective Sub division Meetings, for the Inspection of the several Persons charged to the said Duties, (who are hereby empowered to demand, at all feaior.able Hours, Inspection of the (amc gratis,) and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within fourteen Days then next ensuing, within and for the same Sub-division, and shall issue out an Order to the chief Constables or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, requiring them to give Notice to the Constable, Tythingman, Head-borough, or other Officer of every Parish or Place within their respective Hundreds, Rape, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, of the Time and Place of the next Sub division Meeting, and of the Place where the Lifts and Classes before described are deposited, and the Times of inspecting the same; all which Particulars shall be expressed in the Order of the said Deputy Lieutenants; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such Appointment, shall cause the Name of one Person to be drawn, by Ballot, out of every Class; and every Person whose Name shall be so drawn, shall provide one Horseman and one Mare or Gelding, as herein after described, for each Class; and when the said Drawing by Ballot shall be finished, the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause to be prepared one other Lift, in which shall be inserted the Names of all the Persons appointed as aforesaid, and also of all the Persons chosen by Ballot as aforesaid, for the Purposes of this Act, distinguishing the Cases in which any one Person has been appointed to provide two or more Men, and in like Manner with respect to the Number of Mares or Geldings so to be provided; and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within and for the same Sub-division, and shall issue out an Order to the chief Constables, or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, to direct the Constable, Tything-man, Headborough, or other Officer of every Parish or Place, to give Notice to every Person so appointed or chosen by Ballot for the Purposes of this Act, to appear at such Meeting, which Notice shall be given or left at the Place of his Abode, at the Time when such Assessment as aforesaid was made, at ieaft seven Days before such Meeting; and such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall attend such Meeting, and make a Return, upon Oath, of the Times when such Notice was served; and every Person so appointed or chosen by Ballot for the Purpose aforesaid, shall, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and in case he shall intend to serve personally, shall there take the following Oath;

( videlicet,)

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful £nd bear true Allegiance to his Majesty Ring George; and I do swear that I am a Protestant; and that I will faithfully serve in the Corps in which 1 am enrolled within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the pre- lent War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End thereof/

Which Oath may be administered by any one Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace then present; and every such Person shall be enrolled to serve in the Cavalry of such County, Riding, or Place, as a private Soldier, for the Term of his Enrolment by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that it any Person so appointed or chosen by Ballot shall produce a Man, or Men, as the Case may require, of the same County in which the Person appointed or chosen by Ballot as aforesaid is charged to the said Duties as aforesaid, or ot some next adjoining County, able or fit for Service in the Cavalry, and who shall be approved by the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices, or any t wo or more of them, such Men so produced and approved shall and may be reflectively enrolled as Substitutes to the Person so appointed or chosen by Ba lot to serve in

9 the

C. 6

47*

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

the Cavalry of such, County, Riding, or Place, as private Soldiers, for the Term of such Enrolment by virtue of this Act; and every Man enrolled as a Substitute shall take the Oath herein-before prdcribed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the Deputy Lieutenants, at any Subdivifmn Meeting to be held as aforesaid, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, that any Person in any such Class as aforesaid, has at any Time, bond fide, cealed to keep any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or such Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for which he shall have been charged by such Assessment as aforesaid, and shall have remained during the whole Interval without any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, liable to Duty in lieu of the former, then such Person shall be allowed by Certificate from the said Deputy Lieutenants to receive back such a Part of the whole Sum which shall have been paid by him or her towards the Assessments to be raffed by virtue of this Act, as shall be proportioned to the Interval of Time during which he shall have been bond fide without any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in respect of which he shall have been charg' d to such Assessment, or any Mare or Gelding, or Mares or Geldings, in lieu thereof.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall serve as a Commissioned Officer in any Regiment, Trrop, or Company, in his Majesty's other Forces, or in the Militia raised by virtue of any Act or Acts now in Force, or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, or in any Volunteer Corps raised by virtue of any such Act or Acts of Parliament, and who shall have been enrolled therein before the twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall have offered themselves and been accepted before the said twentieth Day of October to serve upon Vacancies which shall have happened, or who shall, at his or her Expence, furnish a Horse for any Person serving in any such Corps as aforesaid; nor any Person who shall serve in any one of his Majesty's Cadies or Forts; nor any Non commissioned Officer or Private Man serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, or in the Militia, by himself or Substitute, or in any such Volunteer Corps as aforesaid; nor any Person being a Resident Member of either of the Universities; nor any Clergyman; nor any Teacher of any private Congregation; nor any Persons acting in a medical Capacity, who, on account of their Circumstances, in the Opinion of two Deputy Lieutenants, shall be edeemed fit to be exempt from the Service required by this Act; nor any Condable or other Peace Officer serving for any Parish or Place; nor any Person having been, or being before or on the twentieth Day of Ofioker one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, an articled Clerk, or Apprentice +; nor any Seaman, or seafaring Man; nor any Person mudered, trained, and doing Duty, or employed, in any ol his Majesty's Docks or Dock Yards for the Service there* f; or employed and muf-tered in his Viajeily’s Service in the Tower of London, Woolwich Warren^ the several Gun Wharfs, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Storthouses, belonging to his Majesty, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance ;-nor any Person being free of the Company of Watermen of the River Thames^ and who respectively shall not be charged to the said Duties for more than one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall be liable to provide any Man or Men, or any Mare or Gelding, or Mares or Geldings, for his Majesty's Service in pursuance of this Act.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Officer of his Majesty's Army, or of the Militia whild in actual Service, shall be liable to provide any Man or Men, or any Mare or Gelding, Marts or Geldings, in pursuance of this Act, in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or any Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, kept by such Officer within the Number allowed to receive Forage by his Majesty's Regulations.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if in any Class of Persons to be made out as aforesaid, the Person on whom the Lot shall fall shall not be actually pofleded of any Mare or Gelding, or if the Mare or Gelding which he shall provide shall not be approved of at a Muster to be taken in pursuance of this Act, then any other Person in the same Class shall be at Liberty to provide a Mare or Gelding to serve for such Class, and to receive the Compensation to be allowed for extra Ex[>ences for such Mare or Gelding; and if no Person in the same Class shall provide a Mare or Gelding to serve for such Class, which shall be approved as aforesaid, then a Mare or Gelding shall he provided by the Person so ballotted, who shall be allowed in respect thereof such Sum of Money as shall be settled by the Deputy Lieutenants, at a Sub-c!ivi-fion Meeting of Lieutenancy of the same County, Riding, or Place, to be a fair Compensation to such Person for the same, which Compensation the Deputy Lieutenants acting in the Division where such Ballot shall have been made, shall demand from the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, who is hereby required to pay the same out of the Monies in his Hands of the Sums raised by virtue of this Act; and if he shall not have sufficient of the said Money, then to pay the same out of the Duties before-mentioned, or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for Affairs of Taxes, and the same shall be allowed to such Receiver General in his Accounts; and such Sum so received shall be paid by the said Deputy Lieutenants to the Person entitled to receive such Compensation as aforesaid; and the Sum so settled for such Compensation as aforesaid, shall be added to the lall Assessment of the several Persons contained in the same Class to the Duties on Horses, in proportion to the Number belonging to them respectively, and levied and accounted for, together with the Duties therein contained.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Allowance as aforesaid shall have been made to any Person in any Class as aforesaid on whom the Let shall have fallen, in order to enable him to provide a Mare or Gelding for the Service required by this Act, such Mare or Gelding shall remain in the

of the Person providing the same, subject to the Regulations and Conditions of this Act; but such Person

Persons ceasing to keep Horses, to receive back a Proportion of Aflc.rmenu.

Certain Person* exempted from Duty.

*3*

Further Exemptions.

(and ftt $ v 3 and Z3 of this Act J and }ojit Cap. *3.

How Mares or Geldings are to be provided, it' the Person on whom the Lot fal.s dull have no Maie or Gelding, or if it shall not be approved of.

Where any Allowance is made for providing a Mare, &c. ir shall remain in

the Care of the

472

C. 6.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Person providing it, who shall deliver it up in a limited Time, or be liable to Penalty.

Such Mares, &c. to be disposed of, and the Price paid to the Receiver General of the County.

Person shall be bound at any Time, within one Month after the Conclufi^nof the War, to deliver such Mare or Gelding to any Person authorized by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the Sub-division within which such Person resides, or shall 011 default forfeit and lose a Sum which shall at lead be equal to the Sum before received by such Person, and so as not to exceed the Sum of twenty-five Pounds to be added to the Assessment of such Person for the said Duties, and to be accounted for together with the Duties therein contained; and such Deputy Lieutenants shall cause such Mare or Gelding to be disposed of to the bed Advantage, and the Price received for the same to be paid over to the Receiver General of the County, to be applicable to the Purposes of this Act

Inferior Officers of Excise keeping a Horse for the Personmance of their Duty, exempted.

If in ary Class there shall be no Person fit for Military Service, he on whom the Lot falls shall provide a Substitute, for which he shall be allowed a Compensation. (Repeated, pcJiyCaj).

2i i »5 )

Clerks of Sub-division Meetings to transmit an Account of the Men enrolled, and if the Complement be not enrolled, the

Exemptions claimed, ice. to be transmitted so the Privy Council, &c.

Persons liable to Service in the Place where charged by the last Assessments after April 5,

1796 j and if charged in more than one Place, liable to serve in that where charged for the greattrt Number, ice.

Certificates *of Places where liable to serve to be granted, gratis.

Persons charged in more than one 1‘Jace may cleft in which they will firve,

-and give Notice accordingly.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no inferior Officer of Excise, who shall not be charged to the said Duties for more than one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and who shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Deputy Lieutenants at any such Subdivision Meeting as aforesaid, or any two or more of them, that he is obliged by the Regulations or Orders of his superior Officers of Excise to keep such Horse, Mare, or Gelding for the necessary Performance of his Duty as such Officer, shall be liable to provide any Man; or any Mare or Gelding, for his Majesty's Service in pursuance of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if in any Class of Persons to be made out as aforesaid, there shall be no Person, who in the Opinion of the Deputy Lieutenants at a Subdivision Meeting of Lieutenancy of the same County, Riding, or Place, shall be nt for Military Service, then the Person on whom the Lot shall first fall shall be bound to provide a Substitute, who shall be approved by such Deputy Lieutenants, and such Person shall be allowed in respect thereof such Sum of Money as shall be settled by such Deputy Lieutenants to be a fair Compensation to such Person for the same; which Compensation the said Deputy Lieutenants shall demand from the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, who is hereby required to pay the same out of the Monies in his Hands of the Sums raised by virtue of this Act, and if he shall not have sufficient of the said Money, then to pay the same out of the Duties before mentioned, or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and the same shall be allowed to such Receiver General in his Accounts, and such Sum so received shall be paid by the said Deputy Lieutenants to the Person entitled to receive such Compensation as aforesaid; and the Sum so settled for such Compensation as aforesaid shall be added to the last Assessment of the several Persons contained in the same Class to the Duties on Horses, in proportion to the Number belonging to them respectively, and levied and accounted for, together with the Duties therein contained.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings shall, and they are hereby respectively required to transmit to the Lieutenant, or to the General Meeting of the Lieutenancy, of the County, Riding, or Place, an Account, in Writing, of the Number of Men enrolled by virtue of this Act wi/hin their respective Subdivisions, their respective Ages, Descriptions, and Places of Residence, and whether they adlas Principals or Substitutes; and if the full Complement of Men who ought to be enrolled in any Subdivision shall ne t be enrolled, then the said Clerks shall (late, in their Account, the Number of Exemptions claimed and allowed in such Subdivision, and the Number and Amount of Fines imposed on Persons appointed or chosen by Ballot for not being enrolled, or for not finding Substitutes to be enrolled, and every other Cause or Occasion of Default to the best of his Knowledge; which Accounts, or true Copies thereof, shall be, as loon as conveniently may be, transmitted to his Majesty's Privy Council; and the Lord Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, at a General Meeting of Lieutenancy, may direct and order a new Appointment to be made, or a new Ballot to be taken, from and amongst the Persons making such Default, as if no Appointment had been made or Ballot taken with respect to those Persons.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person shall be liable to the Service required by this Act, in the Parish or Place where such Person is charged to the said Duties upon Horses by the last Assessment made after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and before the passing of this Act, although he or she may have removed from the Place of Charge fmee the making of the said AiTeiY-ment; and if any Person shall be so charged to the said Duties in two or more Places, then he or she shall be liable to the said Service in the Place where he or she shall be charged, for the greatest Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings; and Certificates of such Person being charged in such other Place or Places, specifying the Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for which he or she is rated, shall be transmitted to the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the County, Riding, or Place, wherein the said Service is hereby required, by the Commissioners who shall have made such Assessment, in order that the same may be added to the Assessment made in the Place where such Service shall be required; and the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting where such Person shall be returned as being liable to the said Service there, shall, if such Person requires the same, grant a Certificate, gratis, under his Hand, that such Return has been made.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person liable to the Service required by this Act, shall be charged in two or more Places for the said Duties on Horses, it shall be lawful for lucri Person to elect in which Place he or she shall be returned as liable to the Service required by this Act; and to give to the Commissioners of the Land Tax of the respective Divisions, and also to the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions of the County, Riding, or Place wherein he or she is charged. Notice,

in Writing, of the Place wherein he or she intends to perform such Service; and Certificates, in the Manner

471

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6.

before directed, shall be transmitted to the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Return ought to be made, by the Commissioners who shall have made any A fie Ament in such other Place or Places respectively, in order that the same may be added to the Assessment made in the Place where such Service shall be required, and of which Notice shall be so given as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be enrolled by virtue of this Act, who is not, in the Opinion of the major Part of the Deputy Lieutenants pretent at the Subdivision Meeting at the Time appointed for Enrolment, such an able bodied Man as is fit to lerve Majesty, and is free from Ruptures, and every other Distemper or Infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his Duty; or who, in the Opinion of the major Partcf such Deputy Lieutenants, shall appear tube under the Age of fixfcen Years, or above the Age of fifty Years; nor any articled Clerk or Apprentice as aforesaid (unless with the Content of the Mailer of such Clerk or Apprentice); nor any Person inlisted in any of his Majesty's Forces, or entered in his Majesty's Navy, or in any Volunteer Corps raised by virtue of the said Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and who shall have been enrolled therein before the twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Man who shall be enrolled by virtue of this Act, shall be furnished with, and shall appear, in every Day of Muster, in a suitable Dress for a Private Soldier of Cavalry; which Dress shall be provided by himself, if he shall terve as a Principal, or if he shall terve as a Substitute, then by the Person for whom he shall so serve, according to the Pattern of Dress which shall be fixed and settled at a General Meeting of Lieutenancy for the County, Riding, or Place, where the Persons shall respectively serve, and which shall have be^n approved of by his Majesty; and the said General Meetings of Lieutenancy shall and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to make necessary Regulations respect-irg the same, and for the Appearance of the Men on the Days of Muster, according to the Ordeis efta-blfshed by Law for the Militia Forces; which Regulations, being approved of by his Majesty, shall be of the same Force as if the Regulations had been set down and enacted in and by this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Mare or Gelding shall be admitted at any Muster, unless the same shall be of the Height of fourteen Hands and two Inches, nor unless the same be, in the Opinion of the Officer of Muller, fit for Military Duty, and provided with sufficient Furniture, according to such Regulations as shall have been established at a General Meeting of Lieutenancy, with the Approbation of his Majesty.

XXVI. And be it further pnaded. That if any Man enrolled by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully neglect to appear at every Day of Muster appointed by virtue thereof, or mall not appear in the proper Dress provided for him as aforesaid, or shall not, in the Opinion of the Persons authorized to take the Muster, have, kept the same with due Care; and if no reasonable Excuse be given by such Man for such Neglect, every such Man shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Shillings, which shall be deducted out of the first Money which he shall be entitled to receive, whether as Allowance, Pay, or otherwise, by virtue of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be enrolled to serve as a Principal in the said Service, and every Substitute not having obtained his Discharge in Manner hereinbefore directed, (and not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating them respectively,) who shall not appear at the Place appointed for Muster according to the Directions of this Act, before such Muster shall be completely taken, and the Men dismissed therefrom, or who shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed for assembling the Men of such County, Riding, or Place, in pursuance of his Majesty's Warrant, for calling out and embodying the same, Notices thereof respectively having been published as this Act requires, shall, if not taken, or npt having surrendered within the Space of twenty-four Hours after the Time appointed for such their Appearances as aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, for which such Persons shall have been appointed to serve; and all such Penalties before-mentioned shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person guilty of such Offence, by Warrant of any one Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place where such Offence shall be committed; and where sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found to answer the said Penalty, then to commit such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of twelve Calendar Months, unless such Penalty shall be looner paid or satisfied.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed to provide any Man or Men for the said Service, shall wilfully neglect to provide suitable Cloathing, according to the Directions of this Act, or to provide proper Furniture for each and every Mare or Gelding to be kept by him or her, for the Purposes of this Act, (before the first Muster of Men to be had in the Subdivision where he or she is charged to the said Duties.) to be uted at every successive Muster to be had under this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings, to tx: added to the Assessment of such Person, and to be levied and accounted for, together with the Duties therein contained, in the Manner herein directed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot to provide any Man for the said Service, shall neglect to provide suitable Cloathing, according to the Directions of this Act, or to provide proper Furniture for the Marc of Gelding to be kept by him or her for the Purposes of this Act, before the first Muster of Men to be had in the Subdivision where he or (lie is charged to the said Duties, to be uted at every successive Muster as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, which Sum shall be added to the Assessment of such Person, and levied and accounted for together with the

87 Geo. III. 3 Duties

Mm derived

unlit to Arvr,

and certain other Persons, not be enrolled.

Men enroled to appear drefltd according to a Pattern appointed b/ the Lieutenwcy, and approved by his Majesty, fee.

No Mare, Sec to

be admitted at

Muftvr, unit ft

of a certain Height, See,

Penalty on Men enrolled for not appearing at every Muster Day, &c.

Penalty on Men

enroll.das Principals 01 Substitutes not appearing at the Place of Muster before taken, or not appearing at-the Time and Place lor assembling wlun called out and embodied, which may be levied by D.f-tiefe.

Penalty on Personi appointed to provide Men, who neglect to provide Cloathing and Horse-Furniture i

Penalty on any Person chosen by Ballot to provide a Man, lor a like Default be tore tilt

first Muller,

474

C. 6.

and on the

Class, for not providing them before the next Mutter.

Penalty on Persons appointed or chosen by fialiot to provide Men, who shall not appear to be enrolled, or provide Substitutes.

Penalty on Persons appointed to provide Mart*, &c. neg< lecting to provide, or maintain and produce them At for Military Duty.

Penalty on Persons chosen by Ballot to provide a Mare, Arc. for a like Default before embodying the Forces, and on the Class, if not provided within J4 Days after Notice of such Default, &c.

Penalty on Performs providing a

Mar*., &c. not approved, and possessed of one fit for Service, and who shall not provide a fit one in a limited Time.

Substitutes, le-fore ordered to be drawn cut, may give Notice of intention to rtfign, and shall be dilchar^, on the Principal producing an other Substitute. Ac.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Duties therein contained; and if after Default so made, the several Persons composing the same Class, with the Person so making Default, shall not, before the next Mutter to be had after Notice in Writing given of such Default, provide and produce proper Cloathing and Furniture to be used as aforesaid, then the several Persons composing that Class shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Shillings; which Sum shall beattelled upon them rateably in proportion to the Number of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, included in that Class for which each such Person is charged to the said Duties; and the said several Proportions of such Fine shall be added to their respective Assessments, and levied and accounted for together with the Duties therein respectively contained. '

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed or chosen by Ballot, by virtue of this Act, to provide one Man for the said Service, shall wilfully, and without any reasonable Excuse, to be allowed as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to appear and take the said Oath, and be enrolled to serve in the Cavalry, according to the Directions of this Act, or to provide a Substitute who shall be approved of, and who shall take the said Oath and be enrolled as a Substitute; or if any Person appointed by virtue of this Act to provide two or more Men for the said Service, shall refuse or neglect to provide Men, either by personal Service for one of such Men, or by a Substitute for each Man to be provided, who shall respectively be approved of, and take the said Oath and be enrolled as aforesaid; every Person so refuting or neglecting shall forfeit and pay, for and in respect of each Man so to be provided, the Sum of fifteen Pounds; which Fine and Penalty shall be added to the last Aflettcnent of such Person, and shall be levied and accounted for together with the Duties contained therein.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed by virtue of this Act to provide any Mare or Gelding, or any Number of Mares or Geldings, for the said Service, shall wilfully and without any reasonable Excuse, to be allowed as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to provide the full Complement of Mares or Geldings by him or her appointed to be provided, which shall respectively be approved at a Mutter to be taken in pursuance of this Act; or having provided such Mare or Gelding, or such Number of Mares or Geldings, shall neglect or refuse to maintain and keep his or her full Complement of Mares or Geldings (o appointed to be provided, and to produce the same in a Condition fit for Military Duty, to be approved at every successive Mutter to be taken in pursuance of this Adfc, before such Time as the said Forces shall be actually embodied, every such Person shall, for every Mare or Gelding, of whxh Default shall be made as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be added to the last Assessment of such Person, and levied and accounted for together with the Duties therein contained.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot to provide any Mare or Gelding for the said Service, shall refuse or neglect to provide a Mare or Gelding which shall be approved of at a Mutter to be taken in pursuance of this Act, or having provided such Mare or Gelding shall neglect or refuse to maintain and keep a Mare or Gelding, and to produce the same in a Condition fit for Military Duty, to be approved at every successive Mutter to be taken in pursuance of this Act, before such Time as the said Forces shall be actually embodied, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, which Sum shall De added to the last Assessment of such Person, and levied and accounted lor together with the Duties therein contained; and if after Default so made, the several Persons composing the same Class with the Person so making Default, shall not, within the Space of fourteen Days alter Notice in Writing given of such Default, provide and produce a Mare or Gelding at every successive Mutter to be taken in pursuance of this Act, in a Condition fit for Military Duty, to be approved as aforesaid, and maintain and keep the same according to the Directions of this Act, then the several Persons composing that Class shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifteen Pounds, which Sum shall be aflefi upon them rateably in proportion to the Number of Mares or Geldings included in that Class for which each such Person is charged to the said Duties, and the said several Proportions of such Fine (h ill be added to their last respective Assessments, and levied and accounted for together with the Duties therein respectively contained.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, providing any Mare or Geldin; at any Mutter which shall not be approved by the Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall have been possesse at the Time of any other Mare or Gelding, Mares or Geldings, fit for Service, and shall not, within fourteen Days from the Time of the Mare or Gelding provided by him or her being rejected, have provided another Mare or Gelding which shall be approved, such Person, on Proof that he or she had in his or her possession a Mare or Gelding, Mares or Geldings, which shall appear to the Satisfaction of two or more Deputy Lieutenants to have been at the Time actually fit for Service, shall forfeit and lose such Sum of Money as shall be fixed determined by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of twenty-five Pounds for each ftlare or Gelding of which Default shall be made, to be added to the Assessment of such Person, and accounted for together wi*h the Duties therein contained.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person enrolled to serve by virtue of this Act as a Substitute, at any Time bt fore he shall be ordered to be drawn out orembodied, to give Notice in Writing of his Intention to resign, to any one or more of the Deputy Lieutenants or justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, acting for the Subdivision for which he shall serve; and such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace shall iilue a Summons to the Person or Persons for whom such Substitute shall have served, to appear at the next Meeting to be holden lor such Sobdt-vision, and to produce another Substitute, who shall be approved, and shall be enrolled and sworn as aforesaid; and thereupon the Person so resigning shall be entitled to his Discharge, and which shall be made out in

Writing under the Hands of any two or more Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace: Provided that

SK>

0

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6.

no Person who shall upon his Enrolment have received any Money or other Consideration for his Service from the Person or Persons for whom he shall serve, shall he entitled to his Discharge until the full Sum or Value so received shall be repaid and satisfied: Provided also, that all Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, or Materials whatever, shall be delivered up in good Condition before such Discharge shall be granted.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That Musters of the Men enrolled by virtue of this Act, shall be had from Time to Time within each Subdivision of every County or Riding, at such Times, and at such Places, as shall be fixed at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy, with the Approbation of his Majesty; of which Times and Places Notice shall be given, by public Advertisement, in some Newspaper usually circulated in the same County or Riding, fourteen Days before the Time of such Muster; and if any Person enrolled by virtue of this Act shall wilfully absent himself froov such Muster by the Space of one Hour after the Time appointed for taking the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Shillings, to be deduded out of the first Money which such Person shall be entitled to receive, whether as Allowance, Pay, or otherwise, by virtue of this Act; and the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, with the Consent of the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision where such Person shall have been enrolled, may discharge such Person, and direct another Person to be chosen in his Place.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants of every Subdivision of any County or Riding, and the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or independant Company, or such Officer or Officers as his Majesty shall have appointed for that Purpose, or any two or more of them, shall muster die Men enrolled by virtue of this Act, within their respective Subdivisions, in such Manner as may by Law be used in mustering the Militia Forces; and all Fines imposed on any Person enrolled for any Ne-gled of Duty in any Matter relating to such Muster, shall be ordered, adjudged, and imposed by the said Deputy Lieutenants, Commanding Officer, or otlrer Officer or Officers aforesaid, or any two of them, who are hereby empowered finally to determine the lame.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are directed to be inflicted against Persons belonging to his Majesty's Army, for causing themselves to be falsely mustered, or again# Persons for procuring the same to be done, or for aiding or assisting them therein, by any Law now in Force, or hereafter to be passed for punishing Mutiny and Desertion in respect of his Majesty's Army, shall extend to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, who shall be guilty of the like Offence or Offences, their Procurers, Aiders, and Abettors respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the General Meetings of Lieutenancy in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places in that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall cause to be prepared an Estimate of the Allowance to be made for providing a Man to attend the General Musters, and of Cloathing such Man according to toe Directions of this Act, and what ought reasonably to be allowed to the Persons providing such Mares or Geldings for the said Service, for any extra Expences to be incurred in providing Furniture, maintaining and keeping such Mares or Geldings, For the Space of one Year, which such Persons would not be subject to if such Mares or Geldings were not provided for such Service, and shall settle and determine at what Times such Allowances shall be made; and every Person who shall be appointed or chosen by Ballot to provide any Man, or any Mares or Geldings, for the Purpose aforesaid, and who shall duly conform to the Regulations of this Act, shall be entitled to receive the full Allowance so settled; and the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Divisions shall demand from the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, all such Sums of Money as shall become due in respect of the Men, and also the Mares and Geldings, provided within such Division, for the Use of the Persons providing the same respectively, to be paid to them at such Times as shall be fixed and settled by the said General Meetings of Lieutenancy; which Sums such Receivers General are hereby required, from Time to Time* during the Continuance of this Act, until the Men enrolled by virtue of this Act shall be called out and embodied by virtue of the Powers hereby given to his Majesty, on Demand, to pay, on the Production of the Certificate of the Conformity to the Regulations of this Act, signed by the Officer or Officers of Muster appointed by virtue of this Act, taking a proper Receipt or Receipts for the same, out of the Monies in his Hands of the Sums raised by virtue of this Act; and if he shall not have sufficient of the said Money, then to pay the same out of the Duties before-mentioned, or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Faxes; and all such Payments shall be allowed to such Receivers General in their Accounts.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy in any County, Riding, or Place, shall, and he is hereby required to transmit a true Account of the Allowances to be made to the icveral Persons before* mentioned, on account of their providing any Man or Men, or any Mare or Gelding, or any Mares or Geldings, for the said Service, to the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the same County, Riding, or Place, within their respective Divisions; which Accounts shall contain the Names and Places of Residence of all such Persons who are charged to the said Duties in lefped of any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, together with the Number thereof kept by them respectively within those Divisions, and also the Names and Places of Residence of Persons exempted from the Provisions of this Act; and shall also, from Time to Time, transmit an Account of all Fines imposed on any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act 5 and the said Commissioners shall cause the said Fines to be infer ted in the Assessments for the then current Year and the Persons so fined to be respectively charged therewith; and shall also cause all the Pci Ions, within their Divisions liable to provide Men, and Mares or Geldings, as aforesaid, for the said Service, to be assessed in proportion to the Number of Horses, Mares, and Geldings by them respectively

3Q.2 kept.

475

such Stibstitute repaying Money received, &c.

When Musters shall be had.

Penalty for absenting fro.n Muster.

Persons so absenting may be discharged, and others chosen.

Who shall muf-ter the Men enrolled, and fine them foe Ne-gied.

The Penalties for faife Musters in the Army to extend to this

a a.

Meetings of Lieutenancy vs prepare certain Estimates.

Persons providing Men or Mares, &c. to be entitled to a settled Allowance. Deputy Lieutenants to receive the Money due for Allowances from the Receiver General, &c.

m

Clerk of Ge&c. ral Meetings to transmit an Account of Allowances, Sc c. and Fines, to the Commis ft oners of the Land Tax for the County, who shall insert the Fines in the Assessmenti, and charge the Persons liable to provide Men

47 6

6.

tricesimo sept

A.D. 1796.

and Horses, in

proportion to the Number ol

Hcifcs kept,

Ac.

Application of Assessments paid to the Re. ceiver General.

If before the Men be called out and embo. died it shall appear that any are unfit for Sen-Tice, the Sub-division Meet, ing may refuse to enrol them-; and the Muttering Officer may discharge them, though enrolled, and another Appointment or Ballot be made.

Fines (except such as are imposed at a Mu£. fer) shall bead-judged at Sub- division Meet, ings j and such as are to be added to AtTtfT-ments of the Duties on Horses to be ertified to the Commissioners el the Land Ta*.

kept, and charged to the said Duties, towards Payment of the Allowances to be made to the several Perform before-mentioned, for providing such Men and Horses for such Service, which Assessments shall be added to the Assessments of the said Duties upon Horses, and shall include all Allowances to be made from the passing of this Act until and upon the fifth Day of ytyrilone thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and afterwards for one whole Year from the fifth Day of Jpril yearly during the Continuance of this Act, until the Men enrolled by virtue of this Act shall be drawn out and embodied: and the same shall be paid on the usual Quarterly Days of Payment during such Time as the Men enrolled by virtue of this Act shall continue to be muflered in pursuance of this Act, or until they shall be drawn out and embodied; and if any Sum in-fcrted in such Assessment shall not have become payable^at the Expiration of this Act, or when the Men enrolled by virtue of this Act shall be drawn out and emboqjed, such Sum shall be (truck out of such Assessment by the said respective Commissioners.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raised by Assessment by virtue of this Act, and paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, shall be applied, in the first Place, to reimburse such Receiver General the Monies paid by him out of the Produce of the said Duties upon Horses, or any other Duties herein mentioned, and in the next Place towards paying the Allowances directed to be made to Persons providing the Military Force to be raised by virtue of this Act in the Manner herein directed, and afterwards towards reimbursing the Monies directed to be advanced by the Commidinners of the Treasury towards the Expences of executing this Act; and if any Monies shall remain, the same shall be applied towards providing Men, and Mares or Geldings, for the Service required by this Act, in any Case where Default shall be made in providing the same according to the Directions herein-before contained; and any Surplus remaining when the Men shall be drawn out and embodied, and not wanted for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be paid to the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments or Troops, and be applied as Part of the Regimental Stock.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time before the Men shall be called out and embodied, according to the Directions of this Act, it shall appear, to any two or more Deputy Lieutenants or Justices assembled at any Sub-division Meeting, that any Person appointed or chosen by Ballot to provide for the said Military Service, and tendering himself to serve, or any Person tendered as a Substitute for the said Service, or if it shall appear to the Officer or Officers appointed to muster the Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, that any Person, although sworn and enrolled, is unfit for Military Service, or that after Enrolment such Person is become unfit for Military Service, it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices, or any two of them, assembled at such Sub-division Meeting, to refuse such Man to be enrolled, and for the Officer or Officers appointed to muster the said Men, at such Muster to discharge such Man from Service; and the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices assembled at any Meeting within the same Sub-division shall and they are hereby required to amend the Lift and Enrolment, as the Case may require, and to cause another Appointment to be made upon the Person before appointed to the same Service, or another Ballot to be taken from the same Class, according to the Circumstances of the Case, and as if no former Appointment had been made or Ballot been had.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to be imposed by virtue of this Act, for any Breach of the Regulations thereof, which are hereby directed to be added to the respective Assessments of the said Duties on Horses, (except such Fines as shall be imposed at a Muster had under this ACfc in Manner before directed,) shall be ordered, adjudged, and imposed, at the respective Sub-division Meetings of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Offences* shall be committed, by the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices there attending, or any two or more of them, who are hereby empowered finally to determine the same; and all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, which are hereby directed to be added to the respective A flefTments of the said Duties on Horses, shall, as soon after Adjudication thereof as may be convenient, be certified by the Deputy Lieutenants and others hereby empowered to adjudge the same, under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of them respectively, to the Commissioners of the Land Tax of the Division where the Person against whom the same is directed to be levied is charged to the said Duties on Horses; and such Commissioners shall, on Receipt of any such Certificate, cause the Fine or Fines contained therein to be added to the then last Assessment of such Person for the said Duties on Horses, and to be levied in the Manner, and under the like Powers, as the Duties on Horses may be levied by any Law now in Force.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Lists of Persons appointed or chosen by Ballot to provide Men for the said Service, and of the Classes composing the same, shall be carefully transcribed into a Book to be prepared by Order of every Sub-division Meeting of Lieutenancy, and kept by the Clerk of such Meetings'; and that all Orders, Regulations, and Proceedings of such Meetings, and also of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, made in pursuance of this Act, shall also be carefully transcribed into a Book or Books to be prepared by Order of such Meetings respectively, and kept by the respective Clerks thereof; which Books shall be open to the Inspection of any Person assessed to the said Duties on Horses, within the same County, Riding, or Shire, at alFseasonable Times, paying Sixpence, and no more, for each Inspection; and that no Order, Adjudication, or Proceeding whatever, of any General Meeting, or Sub-division Meeting of Lieutenancy, holden in pursuance of, this Act, shall be subject to Appeal, nor to be removed by Certiorari, or other Writ or Process, into any Court whatsoever*. K 1;19

Lists of Persons to provide Men, and of Claftts, to be transcribed into a Book, and kept by the Clerks of Sub-division Meetings; as also ail. their Proceedings, and those of the General Meetings of

Lieutenancy; which shall not be subject to Appeal.

la:

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6.

f 4 t Jt i I

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to cause the Men enrolled by virtue of this Act, to be drawn out and embodied at such Times, and in such Manner, and under the like Regulations and Restrictions, as the Augmentation to the Militia Forces to be raised by virtue of any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament, may be drawn out and embodied; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty to form the Men enrolled for any County, Riding, or Place, when so drawn out and embodied, into a Regiment, or into Battalions or Troops, as shall seem most expedient; and for the Lieutenant, or General Meeting of Lieutenancy, in such County, Riding, or Place, to be holden as herein is directed, with the Approbation of his Majesty, at any Time after the passing of this Act, to appoint Officers and Non-commissioned Officers to the Command of such Regiment, Battalions, or Troops, under the like Rules and Regulations as are established with respect to the Cavalry of his Majesty's Forces, such Officers being rc-fj>ectively qualified in the Manner required by the Laws relating to the Militia; and in case, when the Men so enrolled shall be embodied, a sufficient Number of Officers so qualified shall not have been appointed, or cannot be found to accept Commissions in such Regiments, Battalions, or Troops, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant, or General Meeting of Lieutenancy aforesaid, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to ap-

477

His Maj Ajr may cause thr* Men enrolled to be drawn out and

point for that Service such a Number of the Officers in the Army, whether on Full or on Half Pay, or of Persons who have had Commissions in any of his Majesty's Forces, or in the Militia, and have retired there-

from, although not duly qualified as aforesaid.

certain cases, Officers in the Army, or such as have retired from

as the Augmentation to the Militia Forces. Lieutenants,

Sec. w.th his Majesty's Approbation, may appoint Officer* and Non-commissioned Officers, the former being qualified as in the Militia j or in it, or the Militia.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole or any Part of the Men cn-rolled by virtue of this Act, shall on any Account be carried or ordered to go out of Great Britain. dcrta cut of Great Britain"

When drawn

out and embodied, the Officers and Men to receive the same Pay as in other Regiments

ficers and Privates entitled to Chelsea Hospi* tal.

Allowance to be made for Mares, fee. dying, &c.in actual Service.

When the Men are drawn out into actual Service, the Mutiny Act shall extend to them.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That from the Date of his Majesty's Warrant for drawing out and embodying the Forces to be raised by virtue of this Act, the Officers and Private Men shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Private Men of his Majesty's other Regiments of Cavalry teceive, and no other’; and if any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man of any such Regiment, Battalion, or Troop, shall be maimed or wounded in actual Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Che/fea Hospital with any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man belonging to any of his Majesty's other Forces; and if any Mare or Gelding shall die or be maimed or wounded in actual Service, the Proprietor thereof shall have a reasonable Allowance for the same, by the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Bat* niilfionc J Of-talion, or Company, where such Mare or Gelding had or then served, to be directed to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Sub-division where such Mare or Gelding was provided, which the said Commanding Officer is hereby empowered and required to grant, and which Allowance shall not in any Case exceed the Sum of twenty-five Pounds, and which shall be paid by the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, out of any Monies irr his Hands arising by virtue of this Act, or of the said Duties on Horses, or of any other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Taxes, in the Manner herein directed in respect to other Payments to be made by such Receivers General.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That from the Day appointed by his Majesty's Warrant for drawing out the Men, enrolled by virtue of this Act, into actual Service, all the Rules, Regulations, Pains,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and its Quarters, or which shall be established by any Act to be passed in this or any future Session of Parliament for the like Purpose, during the Continuance of this Act, shall extend and be applied, and be construed to extend and be applied, to the Men enrolled by virtue of this Act; as fully and amply as to any other of his Majesty's Forces.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person enrolled by virtue of this Act may, at any Time before he shall be ordered to be drawn out and embodied, enlist himself in any Regiment or his Majesty's Regular Forces; but that no such Enlistment shall be valid without the Consent of the Deputy Lieutenants of the Sub-division where such Person shall be enrolled, or any two of them, in Writing under their Hands and Seals; in which Case another Person shall be provided in the Room of the Person so enlisted, according to the Directions of this Act. Lieutenants; and other* to be provided.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, the Clerks of the respective Sub divisions of Lieutenancy, of the Commissioners of the Land Tax, Con-fiables, and other Officers who are hereby respectively required to execute this Act, in any of the Particulars herein mentioned, and who shall respectively execute the same to the Satisfaction of the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their respective Sub-division Meetings, shall have and receive such Rewards, and no other, for their Care and Trouble in and about the executing of this Act, and for their respective Expences and Charges in the same, as the said Deputy Lieutenants shall judge the said Clerks, Officers, and other Persons to have deserved; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall, after Allowance thereof, direct the same to be paid by the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, out of any Money in his" Hands, of the Assessments levied by virtue of this Act, whether the lame shall have been levied as Fines, or for the ’

Expences in providing a Military Force; and if such Receiver General shall not have sufficient Money in, his Hands of the said Assessments to pay the same, then such Receiver General may pay the same out of any Monies in his Hands of the said Duties on Horses, or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes: Provided always, that all Monies of the said Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners, which any Receiver General shall pay in pursuance of this Act,

K 6 shall.

Persons enrolled before drawn out miy enlist. in the regular. Forces; with the Content of two> Deputy

Clerks of the General Meetings, &c. to be rewarded, as the Deputy Lieutenants shallthtnk proper, by the Receiver Gene* rah

Receiver Central to be rc-nn-

478 C. 6. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

l-urfed out of the first AfTriT-tnent.

Concral or Svib-division Meetings may require the Attendance of I'oacc Officer!: penalty on fqch Officers* for Ne-gleft of Duty.

14 Geo. II.

Cap. 44. to extend to Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenant!.

Acceptance of Commissions not to vacate Seats in I’ariia-ment.

shall be reimbursed to him by and by out of the first Monies that shall come to his Hands of the Assessments levied by virtue of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, at any General or Sub-division Meeting of Lieutenancy, or any two or more of them respectively present at such Meetings, from Time to Time, to issue their Order or Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of the High Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of the Peace at such Time and Place as in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed; and if any such Officer shall refuse vor neglect to appear according to such Warrant, or shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders and Directions as he or they respectively shall, from Time to Time, receive from the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, they, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, at their Discretion, to fine such Person or Persons in any Sum, not exceeding twenty Pounds nor less than forty Shillings, to be applied towards defraying any Expences incurred in the Execution of this Act; and in case of Nonpayment within thirteen Days, to commit the Person so offending to the Common Gaol, there to be kept for the Space of one Month without Bail or Mainprize.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act, Dafled in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering jfu/lices of the Peace more Jafe in the Execution of their Office and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to their Warrants, shall extend to all his Majesty's Lieutenants, and to all Deputy Lieutenants acting in the Execution of this Act, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually, as the same extend to Justices of the

Peace acting in the Execution of their Office.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Ccirmission in any Regiment, Battalion, or Troop, raised by virtue of this Act, shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament; and that no Person being an Officer of any such Regiment, Battalion or Troop, shall be compelled to serve the Office of Sheriff'.

No Officer compellable to ftrve as Sheriff. '

No Person liable

LIII. Provided always and be it enacted, That no Officer of any such Regiment, Battalion, or Troop, to Penalty lor or Private therein, shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on account of his Absence during Absence, going "l ime he shall be going to vote at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the Time

omVlediono5f he shall be returning from such EledEon. - jfcjftJC

Members of Parliament. k Brail

No private Man compelhble to ftrve as a Peace

er Pari ffi Officer, or in the Navy.

Married Men, having been drawn out into actual Service, may set up Trade in any Place in Great Britain, as Mariners or Soldiers may, under Stat. *2 Geo. 11. Cap. 44.

Such Places as by 26 Geo. III. Cap. 107. are deemed to be situate within ary Part' of Counties for the Purposts of that Alt, ffia.l be so deemed for the Purposts of this Act

This A & not to

prejudice the Rights of the City of London.

Limitation of Actions.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no private Man in any such Regiment, Battalion, or Troop,

from the Time of his Enrolment until he shall be regularly discharged, shall be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer, or to serve in any of his Majesty's Sea forces.

LV. And be it further enacted, That every Person having served in any such Regiment, Battalion, or Troop, when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up, and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place within Great Britain, without any Let, Suit, or Molestation, of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or by reason ol using or exercising such Trade, as freely, and with the same Provisions, and under the same Regulations, and with the like Exception in respect to the two Universities, as any Mariner or Soldier can or may do by virtue of an Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable such Officer r, Mar met j, and Soldier s, as have been in his Ma~ jeftfs Service since his Accession to the Throne, to exercise Trades; and no such Person shall be liable to be removed out of any such Town or Place, until he is become chargeable to the Parish.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Towns and Places as by an Act passed in the twenty-(ixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, are directed to be deemed to be situate within and Part of any Counties, Ridings, or Places, for the Purposes of the said Act, shall also be deemed to be situate within and Part of the same Counties, Ridings, and Places respectively, for the Purposes of this Act; and shall be subject to the Jurisdiction and Authority of the Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, and other Officers of me respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, within which such Towns and Places are hereby and by the said Act deemed to be situate in luck and the same Manner as is provided by the said Act.: t

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not be deemed or construed to be a Precedent, on any future Occasion, to diminish or be prejudicial to the Rights, Liberties, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions, to which the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Freemen, Citizens, or Inhabitants of the said City are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament, Charter, Usage or otherwise howsoever.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any T hing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next alter the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action

or

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6, 7. 479

or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to Central Issue. be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Aston or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and hive the like Remedy for Treble Costs.' the same, as any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by xa may be al-any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. tered or repealed this Session. (S« Cap. 13

LX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, with respect to the Direction of the Service of the Men Continuances enrolled by virtue thereof, shall continue and be in Force during the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the Determination thereof: Provided always, that all the Powers and Regulations of this Act, which shall be necessary for enforcing the due C< I lection of the Monies required for the Pay,

Cloathing, and Maintenance of the Forces raised by virtue thereof, until the Time of their actual Discharge, mall continue and be in Force for six Calendar Months after the End of the present War, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

CAP. VII.

An Act to continue for a limited Time, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament*, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn, and other

of Corny Mealy Floury and Articles of Prevision, for a

limited Time> in any Ships white jety without Payment of Duty; and for permitting Wheat, Wheat Flour, and Meal, imporred, in order to obtain he Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, but which have not been found fit for making Rread, to be used in the Manufacture of Search, Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Distillation of Low Wmcs and Spirits.

[11th November 1796.]

tituled, An Act to prohibit the Ex-

? Importation of Corn and other 1 Articles of Provision for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever. without Payment of Duty: And whereas it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, to continue for a further Time, and to amend the said Act May it therefore pleaft* your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this resent Parliament n fie mb led, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of toe said Act, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, it th ill not be lawful for any Person or Persons to export, from any Part of this Kingdom, any British or Foreign Wheat, Rve, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Peale, Beans, Oats, or any Meal or Flour, or Bread, Biscuit, or Malt, made thereof, or any Potatoes, or any Indian Corn or Maize, or Meal or Flour made thereof; and that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to import, into any Part of this Kingdom, any Foreign Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel bt-lcnging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Arnity with his M. j fty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; and also to take out of Warehouse, for Home Confu tation, any such Foreign Corn, or other ArticPs, as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Person shall export, or shall load or lay on board any Ship or other Vessel, with Intent to export, any Corn or other Articles, as a fore said, the Person so exporting, or loading, or laying on hoard, with Intent to export the same, shall be liable and subject to the like Forfeitures and Penalties; and the said Corn or other Articles, and the Ship or Vefiid in which the same shall be exported, or loadtd or laid on board, shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures, and in like Manner to be sued for, prosecuted, recoverrd, and dif-

F[>(ed cf, as if the said Corn or other Articles were exported, or loaded or laid on hoard, contrary to the rovisions of two Acts, one passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his resent Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; and the other passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty fiifl Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported:' i’rovided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, that shall have been, or may hereafter be, imported and warehoused in the Manner, and on the Conditions mentioned in the before-mentioned Act in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and shall not have been taken out of such Warehouse for Home Consumption.

36 Geo. III.

Cap. 3.

No Wheat, Scc. to be exported for a limited Time.

Foreign Corn, &c. »nay be imported Dutyfree;

and ttken out of Warehouse* for Home Consumption. Persons exporting Corn, &c. liable to Penal-

tics oi

31 Geo. III.

Cap. 30; and 33 Geo. III.

Cap. 65.

Act not to extend to Foreign Corn, fcc.waro honied, and not taken out for Home Consumption*

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs Majesty m

and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, or by Order in Council, to permit the car- ta"

" S ._____ Tying rymi Coa(twife#

480

C. 7

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Ac. Cern, S-c. for the Purposes mentioned in the above Acts;

(&*/*£> Cj?' la5*)

and the Exportation of a limited Quantity to Places in Amity with his Majesty, South of CapeFinisterre.

Certain Articles may be imposed, Duty-free, from any Place, in British Vessels, or Vcirth belonging to Places in Atnity with lus m ajcf-

iy-

Entry to be

made of such Articles with the Officer of the CultoiTis, on Penalty of for-ftiture.

rying Coastwise, or carrying out, or the Exportation of, the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, for all or any of the Purposes mentioned in the said two Acts, passed in the thirty-first and thirty-third Years of his present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, in like Manner, and in the same Proportions and Quantities, and from and to the same Ports and Places as is allowed by the said two Acts, or either ct them, at such Times as any of the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, are prohibited to be exported, subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Penalties, as are by the said two Acts, or by either of them, in any such Case required and imposed; and also to permit, by special Order or Orders in Council, the Exportation of a limited Quantity of any of the several Sorts of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, from any Port in Great Britain, to any Country in Europe in Amity with his Majesty, South of Cape Finisterr.e, subject to such Security, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as by such Order in Council shall be directed.

IIf- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Expiration of the said Act, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatever to import into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship* or Velltl belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, any Beans, called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal, and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise. Bacon, Hams, l ongues. Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago-powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Efgs, Game, and Sour-crout, without the Payment of any Duty whatever, at all Times-before the said Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the said next Session of Parliament; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding., \\ 1L.kK

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall be made of all such Keans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse; and of such Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef, and Pork, Veal, Mutton, and Lamb, Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago-powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour-crout, that shall be imported by virtue of this Act, with the proper Officers of the Customs, at the Port into which the lame shall be imported; and in default thereof, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and incurred by this Act, (and not herein otherwise specially directed to be prosecuted and recovered,) shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods, Ships, or Vessels, forfeited for any Offence against the Laws of Customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary F*ine or Penalty, or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty, at any Time during the Recess of Parliament, shall judge it to be mod for the Benefit and Advantage of this Kingdom to suspend all or any of the Provisions of this Act, then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or their Royal Proclamation, to be issued by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or by his Majesty's Order in Council, to be published in the London Gazette, so to do.

VII. And whereas certain Quantities of Wheat, or Wheat Flour, or Meal, have been imported in order to obtain the Bounties granted by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for avowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Importation, into Great Britain, of any Wheat, Wheat Flour,

4 Indian Corn, Indian Meal or Rye, in British Ships, or other Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, or on the Delivery of the same out of JVarehoujt for Home Consumption, but which having appeared upon inspection and Examination, according to the Directions of the said Act, hot to be fit for making Bread, have not received any of the said Bounties: And whereas it is expedient that Permission should be given for ufine the same for other Purposes notwithstanding any Act or Acts of Parlta- ment now in force to the contrary; be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excite, or the major Part of them, in England and Scotland respectively, at any Time on or before the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, to grant a Licence or Licences for using any tuch Wheat, Wheat F*lour, or Meal, in making Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, or in Diliillation of Low Wines or Spirits, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction, upon Oath or otherwise, that such Wheat, Wheat Flour, or Meal, had been so imported, and upon inspection and Examination was deemed not fit for making Bread; and such Licence or Licences shall be granted subject to such Regulations for preventing Fraud or Abuse thereof as to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, shall seem proper \ any Thing in 3ny Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

This Art may

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered, or repealed, by any Act or Acts altered or re- to be made in this present Session of Parliament. '

pealed this Session. (SeeCaf. S3.refvjling P401 tbu Att.)

Recovery and

Application of Forfeitures.

His Majesty, during the Recess of Parliament, may suspend this Act.

Commissioners of Excise, till Feb. I, 1797, may grant Licence for using Wheat, &c. imported to obtain Bounty under 36 Geo. III. Cap. 21. found unfit for Bread, in making Starch, &c. or iADiftUlation.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 8, 9, 10.

481

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue for a limited Time an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silky Flax, and Flax Seedy into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty.

[iith November 1796.]

WHEREAS ail Act was made in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silky Flax, and Flax Seed, into this King-4< dom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty yfor a limited Time: And whereas the said Act was by another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, further continued until thirty Days after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament: And whereas the said first-mentioned Act hath been found useful and beneficial:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first mentioned Act, and all Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in Force until thirty Days after t;he Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, or until the Conclusion of the present War.

CAP. IX.

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills.

[f 2th November 1796.]

irA

t

CAP. X.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities.

k [f^d December 1796.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

?W1 -

your M, w .___

raised by Annuities, in Manner herein after mentioned3 and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j’ &c.

Every Contributor of 100l. entitled to a Principal of 112l. ior. in the 5 per Cents. from October 10, 1796. Contributors to pay their Subscriptions by Instalments. Guardians may subscribe for Infants. 44 Dtlcount to be allowed on Subscriptions paid in advance. Annuities to be paid Half-yearly, but not till Subscriptions are completed. Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions as herein specified, entitled to Annuities at certain Periods. Annuities payable at the Bank out of the Consolidated Fund, and irredeemable for a certain Period, unless with the Consent of the Proprietors. Annuities to be redeemed at a certain Period. Subscribers may, at a certain Period, apply to the Bank to have their Annuities redeemed, or converted into other Annuities. When redeemable, Subscribers may apply to have their Annuity paid off*in Money, or converted into 3 /. per Cent. Annuities, at the Rate of 133l. 6j. 8d per Cent. Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant General, and the 'I'reasury to order Money to be issued to the Cashier for Payment of the Annuities. Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may he assigned within certain Periods. Cashier to give Security, and to pay the Money he receives into the Exchequer. A Book to be kept in the Accountant General’s Office, for entering Contributors Names, a Duplicate whereof to be transmitted to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions, entitled to Annuities Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, forfeited. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, they may be transferred. Annuities to be acemed Personal Estate. I'reasury may apply the Money paiJ into the Exchequer. Accountant General to keep Books for entering Transfers. Stock may be devised. Transfers not liable to Stamp Duties. Treasury may defray incidental Expences out of Contributions, and allow Salaries to the Cashier and Accountant General. Contributors converting their 5l. per Cent, Annuities into 3l. per Cents., to have their Principals placed to their Credits at the Bank, and to be added to the joint Stock of 3 /. per Cents. Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, Izfc. guilty of Felony. Bank to continue 44 a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted ceate. No Fee to be taken for receiving Contributions, 41 or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 20l. Persons sued^ may plead the General Issue. u Trebi Jofts. Previous to October 31, 1797, the Treasury may direct Exchequer Bills to the Amount of 5.000 000l. to be made out on the Credit of this Act, according to the Malt Act of this Session. Provisions off Malt Act relating to Exchequer Bills to extend to those made under this Act. Bills under this Act to bear a certain Interest, and to be receivable for Taxes, or Instalments of Loans, three Months a after D Cashier of the Bank to receive Bills, and mark thereon the Interest, and receive them, 37 Geo. Ilk 3 R 44 and

5 Geo. IIr. Cap. too. (continued by 36 Geo. lILCap.4)

further continued.

482 C. ii—14. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

« and pay them into the Exchequer as Cash. An Action may be brought against him for refusing

" to receive Bills, &c. Bills not to be received for any Tax, or at the Exchequer, but in Course of

Payment.*’ " S v 9 v* Bill

CAP. XI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselvcc ror Offices and Employments; and to indemnify justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to regucer or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been loll or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for Jlowing further Time for that Purpose.

[23d December 1796.]

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue several Acts made in the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the iffiiing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a limited Time.

[23d December 1796.]

u Acts 35 Geo. III. Caps. 15 and 80. and 36 Geo. III. Cap. 76. recited and further continued.*

Du tie* in Schedule (A) to be levied, and Drawbacks in Schedule (B) allowed.

Commencement of Duties.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England and

Scotland respectively.

Where Co»-tracts have been

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Navigation; and for amending the several Acts relating thereto.

[40,000l.] [23d December 1796.]

CAP. XIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Auctions, Bricks, Cocoa

Nuts, British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea.

[28th December 1796.}

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 1 T/ E, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein respectively mentioned: And do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, mentioned and described in the Schedule marked (A), hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Excise, as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, (or or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by this Act imjxjfed, to the several Persons entitled to the same, the several Drawbacks of Excise as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in the Schedule marked (B), hereunto annexed; and also all such special Allowances as are particularly directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act; and the same respectively shall commence and take effect from the respective Days mentioned in the said Schedules, in Cases where special Dates are inserted therein, and in Cases where no such Date is inserted, from the Day on which this Act shall receive the Royal A (lent.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Excise by this Adimposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; and shall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, Satisfied, and discharged by the Person and Persons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, Payment, Satisfaction, or Discharge thereof, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner, as the Duties of Excise chargeable upon the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively, or upon any Person or Persons for or in respect thereof, were by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, finished, or discharged.

III. And whereas Contracts or Agreements may have been made before the said seventh D iy of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, by Importers or Dealers in Foreign Spirits, and by

DiflilL:rs-

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 14. 483

Distillers and Makers of Spirits, for such Spirits respectively to be delivered after the said seventh Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six be it therefore enacted, That such Importers or Dealers, and such Distillers and Makers, respectively delivering such Spirits after the said seventh Day of December' one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in pursuance of such Contracts, shall be avowed to add so much Money, as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Spirits respectively, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same

accordingly. j 5

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A), as the Duties of Excise; and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise (et forth in the said Schedule marked (B), upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities inserted therein, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general Means, Ways, or Methods by which the former Duties of Excite respectively, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise respectively, or by any or either of the special Means, Ways, or Methods respectively by which the former Duties of Excise respectively, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise respectively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with Duties of Excise, or so entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes respectively were subject and liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Duties of Excise: and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, as well Pains of Death, as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any* Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Duties are imposed, or Drawbacks allowed by

this Act, on any specific Quantity of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the same shall in every Case be understood and deemed and taken to apply in the same Proportion, and after the same Rate, to any greater or less Quantity than such specific Quantity. proportionally to greater

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated h und.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising, or to arise, by the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or to be passed, in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period often Years, a Book or Books* in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties, granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from aH other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

made before December 7, 1796, for Delivery of Spirit* after that Day^ the Duty may " added to the Price.

Duties and Drawbacks to be levied and allowed according to, and the Goods, Geo. to be subject to the Laws of Excise; and all Pains and Penalties of former Acts extended to Duties imposed by this Art.

Duties and Drawbacks on specific Quantities to apply or less Quantities.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to Consolidated Fund,

and deemed an

Addition to the Revenue for defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan 01 Sc ft on.

4? 4

C. 14.

tricesimo sept

A-.D. 1796

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

(A)- $.

AUCTION.

FOR every twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money which shall arise or be payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain, of any Interest in Possession, or Reversion in any Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and of any Annuities or Sums of* Monies charged thereon, and of any Utensils in Husbandry, and farming.Stocks, Ships, and Vessels, and of any reversionary Interest in the Public Funds, and of any Plate or Jewels, to be paid by the Audi ioneer, Agent, Factor, or Seller, by Commission For every twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money which shall arise or be payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain, of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Horses, and Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Factor, or by Commission 1

BRICKS.

For every Thousand of Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain

, COCOA NUTS.

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, which shall be imported into Great Britain, and delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall be lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, or which having been imported into Great Britain, shall be delivered, or shall have been lo delivered, after the seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, out of the Ware-house in which the same shall have been so lodged, a Duty of -

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, which shall be imported into Great Britain, and delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall be lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, or which, having been imported into Great Britain, shall be so delivered, or shall have been so delivered, after the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been so lodged, a Duty of ——

: 1 1 SPIRITS.

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, or which shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall not have been actually distilled into Spirits on or before the ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six -

For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, (except such as are before mentioned,) or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, or which shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall not have been actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six ——

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, or which shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall not have been actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said ninth Day of De-amber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six -

For every Gallon of Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Melasses and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, or which shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall not have been actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six -

9

o o

ik

003

o

o o 9

2 6

o 0 X

o o 1

O |{

O O t

For

I

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sept

For every ninety-six Gallons of Wash which Sir William Bishop, Armies Bishop, and George Bishop, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, shall produce from a Weight of Malt or other Corn, inoluding the Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve Pounds, or which by them, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, shall have been so produced, and which shall not have been actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six ——

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, or which shall have been so made or manufactured, and which shall have been so imported or brought after the ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be so imported or brought -

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of such Spirits which shall have been imported or brought from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, into that Part of Great Britain called England, and which shall have been, after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be, found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been so imported or brought, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping, and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand, an Excise Duty of ——

For every Gallon, Englifl) Wine Measure, of such Spirits of a greater Strength than that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding three per Centum over and above one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, or which shall have been so made or manufactured, and which shall have been so imported or brought after the said ninth Day of December, or which shall be imported or brought, an additional Duty in Proportion to the Surplus Strength.

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of such Spirits of a greater Strength than that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding three per Centum over and above one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall have been imported or brought from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that Part of Great Britain called England, and which shall have been, after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be, found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been so imported or brought, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the hrft landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, an additional Duty in Proportion to the Surplus Strength, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor, as the Case may require, upon Demand.

Tor every Gallon of Single Brandy which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported, after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof s —

For every Gallon of Single Brandy which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be, found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof. Or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the hrft landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand —*

For ev^ry Gallon of Brandy above Proof, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to be paid by the Importer, before the landing thereof —

For every Gallon of Brandy above Proof which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be, found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pfer, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the fir (I landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand —

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua ffiue, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to be paid by the Importer thereof* before the landing thereof-' 4. —

idU For

O* 14-

/. d.

o o 5T

5i

o 10

o 10

T

8

8

8

1 M

C. 14.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

For every Gallop of Ram, Spirits, or Aqua lrita% of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be, found in any Ship or Vdfei in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the ftrll lauding thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand -7 —

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported into Great Britain, ©t which shall have been so imported after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof -

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be, found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessd after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be pard by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand -

For every Gallon of Rum or Spirits, of the Produce of the British Plantations, which shall have been, after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be, in any Warehouse in which the same shall have been put, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations*, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained and provided in an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerning the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British) Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the same in Warehouses, and which shall have been, after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall be, delivered out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively, for Home Consumption, and which shall net actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor, as the Calc may require, upon Demand -

For every Gallon of Rum or Spirits above Proof, of the Produce of the British Plantations, which shall have been, after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall be, in any such Warehouse, and which shall have been, after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall be, delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case

or Aqua Vita (other than such Brandy, Rum, or

may require, upon Demand, a Duty of

For every Gallon of Single Spirits or siq Spirits, as aforesaid) which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been imported after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof -

For every Gallon of Single Spirits or Aqua Vita (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid) which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall be, found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand -

For every Gallon of Spirits or Aqua Vita (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid) above Proof, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to be paid by the Importer, before the landing thereof -

For every Gallon of Spirits or Aqua Vita (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid) above Proof, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall be, found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not 1 £lually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand

4

o o S

4

O O

o o 10

1

t

TEA.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 14,15. 487

TEA. - I -

For and upon all Tea which shall be sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England,\ trading to the East Indies, for two Shillings and Sixpence per Pound Weight, or upwards, after the seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, ten Pounds per Centum, to be computed upon the gTofs Prices at which such Tea shall be fold; to be paid by the Purchasers of such Tea to the said United Company, and to be paid by the said United Company to the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being.

(B) n v

DRAWBACKS.

BRICKS. -

For all Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, (for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid,) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts* the Duty by this Act imposed in respect of such Bricks.

TEA.

For all Tea (for which the Duty hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported to Ireland, or his Majesty's Plantations in America, the whole of the Duty of Excise by this Act imposed in respect thereof.: > *V v:

CAP. XV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise, within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise; and for applying the Money to arise by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, towards defraying the encreased Charge occasioned by any Loan granted, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament.

[28th December 1796.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Duties of Cudoms herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Duties payable by Law, the following additional Duties on Sugars, to be paid in ready Money, without any Discount or Abatement whatever; that is to say, (

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Brown and Muscovado Sugar of the British Plantations, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported, after the seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Sugar, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and which shall have been or shall be sold at the Sales of the said Company, to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, after the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence: and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity: And,

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of all Sugar which shall be imported into Great Britain, (except Sugars herein-before charged,) or which shall have been so imported, after

The following additional Duties on Sugars to be paid:

Rates.

488

C.

15-

% i 1 ", \ i4 r

Annoitrieeiimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

If Suears sub-

je& 10 the Duty of 5 s. be warehous'd, it shall not be paid till taken out for Hf>me Con-fu rapt ion.

On Brown and Muscovado Sugar of the British Plantations, imported after Dec. 7, 1796, a Drawback of the Duty to be allowed on Exportation;

r

the said seventh Day of Decnnber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Sum of five Shillings; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

1L Provided always, That if any Sugars subject to the said Duty of five Shillings imposed by this Act, shall be warehoused by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, then and in such Case the Paid Duty shall not be paid or payable thereon, until such Sugars shall be taken out of such Warehouse to be used or consumed in this Kingdom; in which Case, and before the same shall be delivered from such Warehouse, the said Duty, over and above all other Duties to which such Sugars are liable by Law, shall be first paid to the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon all Brown and Muscovado Sugar, of the British Plantations, which shall ha\* been imported into Great Britain after the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and on which the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be paid or allowed* on the due Exportation thereof, within the Times limited by Law, a Drawback of the Whole of the said Duty by this Act imposed, provided the said Sugar be exported in the same State in which it was imported, but not otherwise.

and on Bastard, &c. Sugars so imported, an additional Drawback of a s. 6'd. per Cwt.

and on refined Sugar made from Frown and Muscovado Sugar so import, cd, an additional Drawback of 4 s.

3 s. 7 d. additional Duty to be paid for every ioooo Bricks imported after pairing this Attj

and an additional Duty of 5 1. per Cent, on the Amount of the Duties of Customs cn Goods imported, &c. andiol. per Cent, on those Duties on certain Articles; but not chargeable on ware-housed Prize Goofk.tfll delivered ‘04 t /or Home Consumption.

Duty of 51. per Cent, not payable on certain Articles.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England and Scotland rc-spectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for all Refined Sugar called Bastard, and Ground or Powdered Sugar.yind Refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, which shall be made from Brown or Muscovado Sugar of the British Plantations, which fha’d have been imported into Great Britain, alter the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and on which the Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be allowed on Exportation of every Hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, within the Time limited by Law, to the Exporter thereof, a Drawback or Bounty of two Shillings and Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Sugars respectively, over and above all other Bounties or Drawbacks allowed for the same by Law, on and immediately before the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

V. And be it further enacted, That for all Refined Sugar in the Loaf and Whole, being net, which shall he made from Brown and Muscovado Sugar of the British Plantations, which shall have been imported into Great Britain after the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and on which the Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be allowed on Exportation of every Hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, within the Time limited by Law, to the Exporter thereof, a Drawback or Bounty of four Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Sugar, over and above all other Drawbacks or Bounties allowed for the same by Law, on and immediately before the said seventh Day. of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use

of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the following additional Duties of Customs; that is to say, for every thousand of Bricks imported into Great Britain from and after the passing of this Act, the Sum of three Shillings and Seven-pence.-

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall also be raised,

levied, collected, and paid respectively, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Herrs and Successors, >an

dize, which shall be imported into, exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise from Port to Port \n

additional Duty of Customs at and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Duties of Customs then payable by Law, for and upon any Goods, Wares, and iMerehan-

Great Britain, except as herein after is, excepted; and a like additional Duty of Customs at and after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs then due and payable by Law, on the Importation into Great Britain of the following Articles, that is to lay, Brim-(lone, Hemp, Iron in Bars or unwrought, and Staves, impoited from any Part of Europe: Provided always,

that the said respective Duties of five Pounds and ten Pounds for Centum herein-before granted, shall not be

any Pn2e Goods which now are, or hereafter may be, wamhoused in I or Ac

Prizes, with respect to the bringing and land

charged or paid for or on account of any rrize cjoocs wmen now are, or nerearter may De, warenouicum this Kingdom, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament made for granting Relief to the Captois of

ng Prize Goods in this Kingdom, unless and until such Goods shall betaken out of or delivered from such Warehouses to be used or consumed in this Kingdom; in which Case, and before the same shall be so taken out of or delivered from such Warehouses, the respective Duties by this Act imposed of five Pounds and ten Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount of the respective Duties of Customs payable by Law on any such Goods so taken out of or delivered from such Warehouses, shall be first paid to the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs: Provided also, that the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum herein-before granted, shall not be charged or paid on the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs, payable on the Importation of any Wine into Great Britain, nor on the Produce and Amount of the Duty of Customs payable on Coals brought or carried Coastwise trom Port to Port in this Kingdom; nor on the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs payab’e by Law on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on which other Duties are by this Act imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act granted as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England (or the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Custonts in Scotland for the J ime

being. *£ V| |Hk

- fl JX. And

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 15, 16.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Customs granted by this Act, and the Drawbacks allowed, shall and may be respectively managed, afetfrtained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed in such and the like Manner, and in and by any and either of the Means, Ways, or Methods, by which the Duties of Customs imposed, and the Drawbacks allowed on the like Goods, by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, amongst other Things, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed; and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so by this Act respectively made chargeable with Duties of Customs, or entitled to Drawbacks thereof on Exportation, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were subject and liable by any Act of Acts of Parliament in force, on and immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Preach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directcdand declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Customs hereby respectively charged and allowed, (as far as the same are applicable thereto,) in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

X. And be it luither enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several new and

additional Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) shall from'I ime to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money, fu paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated bund.; 1

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made, or Stock created, or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space often Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, dif-tindlly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Pook or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, ill all, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XII. And whereas Doubts have arisen with respect to the Application of the Profit to arise to the Public c by the Provisions in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar \ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passin^ of this Act, so much of the before-recited Act, as directs the Application and Jetting apart of the several bums of Money therein mentioned and described, shall be repealed; and that the Sum of twenty-nine thousand one hundred and sixty-nine Pounds one Shilling and five Pence, being one-fourth Part of the Sum of one hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and seventy-six Pounds five Shillings and eight Pence, the annual average Amount of the Saving to the Public, at the Rate of Reductions of Bounties and drawbacks by the before recited Act, according to the Average of the Exportation of Sugars for three "Years previous to the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall Quarterly, upon the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, tjje fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, during the Period of nine Years, be set apart from the Money paid into the Receipt of his \Iaiefty’s Exchequer arising from the Duties of Customs; and the said Sum of one hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and seventy-six Pounds five Shillings and-eight Pence, shall be deemed an Addition made to tile Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, during the said Period of nine Years, a Book or Books, in which the Monies so set apart, and arising from the said Reduction of Drawback and Bounties, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates or Duties granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying Dch increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered, separaic and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever. "

u ,.u gp cap. xvi.

, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Strge Coaches.

[28th December 1796.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjrcle, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament af- yV femblrd, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Ex; cnees, and 5- Geo. III. 3S ‘making

4P9

Duties and Drawbacks to be paid and allowed according to 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13.

Coeds, dec. subject to the Regulations provided by Law before parting this Act, fzc. Pains and Penalty s of former Acts to extend to Offences under this Act.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Application of the Duties.

36 Geo. III. Cap. 18. recited, and so much thereof as di-redts the Application of Money therein mentioned repealed, and the Application to be made as herein mentioned*

V

490

From Jan. 5, 1797, tiic Owner of every Stayce Coach to pay an additional Dury of x d lei each Wile it shall travel.

Duty to be le vii d. Sec as under Stat. 4$ Geo 111. C*p.

and the Stamp- A^ls.

Duty to be paid into the Exchequer, and car-Tied to the Consolidated Fund;

and dcenv.d an Addition to toe Revenue lor defrays.g the in created Charge, *occafn>ned by ary'Lt>an of this Sctfion.

C. 16, 17. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgr t III. A.D. 1796.

miking a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional Duty herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advke and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-(ernbled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the filth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and nincly-ftven, the Owner or Owners of every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Ca-lash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Diligence, or other Carriage, with four or more Wheels, and of every Ca-lash, Chaise, Chair, or any other Carriage with Ids than four Wheels, by what Name soever the same now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as public Stage Coaches or Carriages for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby charged with an adwJ.itional Duty of one Penny for every Mile such Carriage or Carriages as aforesaid shall travel.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duty by this Act imposed shall from Time to Time be raised, collected, levied, and paid by such Persons, at such Time, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under and subject to such Penalties 3nd Forfeitures, and with and subject to such Powers, Rules, and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form, as aie directed and prescribed in and by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purtofe of travelling Po/ly and on Horses lei to Hire for travelling Po/lx and by Time, and on Stage Coaches; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and also additional Duties tin Horses let to Hire for travelling Post% and by Ttme9 or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and ihat all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, mentioned and contained in the said Acts respectively, shall be in full Force and Eft’eft with relation to the Duty hereby imposed, and the same shall be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing the Duty hereby imposed, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been re-enacted with relation to the said Duty hereby imposed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the said Duty hereby imposed, (the ne-ccssary Charges for raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the Duty hereby imposed, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock created or to be created by any Act or Acts passed, or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt d.ftinftly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty hereby imposed shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as afortfaxj, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Hurs and Succef-ifors, upon any Account whatever.

TV

add tional Dolt cs of CO

be paid:

For Gallon of rV Corw.

urns of every

"Still uled for

-gracting

Cap. xvii. - a: imm

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of 5ri7/#-made Spirits from England to Scotland^ and from ^Scotland to England.

[28ch December 1796.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the further and additional Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and wirh the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and determined by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successor?, f r and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed f >r or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the Vrther Duties of Excise herein after

mentioned; that is to fav, r V,

For and upon every Gallon, EnglifS Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (inc’uding the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pij^e, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected. under whatever Name or Denomination the same may b* called or known, as higa as the Steam can ascend,) which shall be used or employed for the making or distilling of Low Widcj or"Si i-

dts9

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo

C. 17

49*

V?

40

rits, from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wafti or Liquor, made or brewed from any oort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, other than and except such Counties and DistriiSls of the Highlands, as in an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign P* present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, are particularly specified, described, and enumerated, there shall be charged the Annual Sum of thirty-six Pounds:

r or and upon every Gallon, English Winc Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as

-eam C3rn ak('*n<^.’) which shall be used or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland, for the making or

diuil.ing of Low Wines or Spirits from Mclalles or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the annual Sum of sixty Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cuhical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as

*!?c ,^eam can ascend,) which shall he used or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland, for the making or

fliftilling of Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder or Wash, prepared from

roreign Materials, (except Melasses and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, the Annual Sum of seventy-two Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head and tvery Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, l ube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can ascend,) which shall be used or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland, for the recti-

fying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits or ltrong Waters, the Annual Sum of thirty-lix Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, Englifl) Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be c died or known, as high as the Steam can ascend,) which shall be used or employed by any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, Perry, or other Wash or Liquor, made or brewed from any Sort of British Materiais, or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Annual Sum of thirty six Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, l ube, or other Apparatus therewith cornu-died, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can alcend,) which shall be used or employed by any such Oilfiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Englandfo r making Low Wines or Spirits from Me-Jades or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the Annual Sum of sixty Pounds: j " 1

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can alcend,) which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller <»r Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Melasses and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the annual Sum of seventy-two Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, I ube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend,) which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits or strong Waters, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain calied Scotland, the annual Sum of thirty-six Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed, shall from Time to Time be raised, collected, recovered, secured, and paid by such Persons, at such Times, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subject to such other Powers, and subject to the like Allowances, Repayments, Abatements, Rules, and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form, as by several Acts made in the thirty-third and thirty fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Regulation of Disiitleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of fHt\i\[h-made Spirits Jrom England to Scotland, and from Scotland/? England, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in F orce, concerning the several Matters and Things respectively, for or in respect whereof any Duty is by this Act imposed, is directed or prescribed;

and that all the Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Directions, mentioned

from British Material., in Scotland, (far© Hi excepted by 33 Geo. III. Gap. 6t.) 36 h annually:

For each Gnlloo,

of every Still, used in Scotland, where Melasses or Sugar are used, Col.j and

whirc other Fore.on Materials are used,

7 li.j and for each Gallon

of reflifying Stills, 361

For each Gall oft of Stills, used in England for making Spirits from Briu/h Materials, for Exportation to Scotland, 361.

For©acb Gallon wlitre MtlaflVf or Sugar are so

uftd, 601., and

xrhere other Foreign Mates rial* are ufod»

7iLi and for each Gjilan of reflifying Stills, 361.

Duties to be raised, &c. according to Mats* 33 Geo. III. Cap. 61 35 Geo. III. Cap. 59. and the other Laws now in Force.

49 2.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and carriec to the C'onfolidated Fund 4

and deemed an Addition to the Revenue for defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan of this SeUion*

Distiikrs in Scotland may deliver up their Licences before Jan. ao, 1797, and receive a proportional Part of the Duty paid.

Where Entry has been made of more Stills than one, Licence may be vacated in Part.

Act may be altered or repealed, this Session.

C. 17,18. Anno triedimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

and contained in the said Acts respectively, shall be practised and put in Execution for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed, and for the making any Repayment, Allowance, or Abatement, in Manner in the said Act directed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and enacted in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted,} shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster \ and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising, or toarife, by the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successiors, upon any Account whatever.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons licensed by the Commissioners of Excise to work any Still or Stills for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt, Corn, or any Kind of Materials herein-mentioned, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits, in any Part of Scotland) to deliver up his, her, or their Licence to the said Commissioners, or to the Principal Officer of Excise within the Division, who shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized to vacate the same; and every such Person or Persons delivering up such Licence to be vacated before the twentieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be entitled to a Return of a Part of the Duty paid thereupon for the present Year, in proportion to the Period of such Year then unexpired; and all and every such Person or Persons shall be and they are hereby fully indemnified, freed* and discharged from any Payment of Duty by this Act imposed, and from any Penalty, Forfeiture, Action, Suit, or Prosecution, for or by reason of his or their having worked or working any Still or Stills under the Authority of such Licence, between the Time appointed by this Act, for the Commencement of the said Duties, and the Time of delivering up such Licence as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Licence shall have been granted to any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, and any Entry or Entries shall have been made by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, of more^Stills than one under such Licence, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners and Officers of Excise respectively, on Notice being given to them respectively in Writing, bcfofe the Day herein mentioned, of the Intention of such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, to ccafe working one or more of such Stills, and to continue to work the other or others of such Stills, to indorse the same on the Back of such Licence, specifying in such Indorsement the Content of such Still or Stills respectively, and distinguishing such as are intended to be worked from such as are not intended to be worked after the Time before limited, and to re-deliver such Licence to such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, with such Indorsement thereupon; and which Indorsement on fych Licence shall be deemed to vacate such Licence, in such Part only as relates to the Still or Stills which shall cease to be worked, as aforesaid, and an Abatement of Duty shall be madeoa such last mentioned Still or Stills only; and which shall and may be set off against any Duty to which such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, shall be liable to pay by virtue of this Act, in respect of such Still or Stills, as he, she, or they shall continue to work after the Time limited as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for altering certain Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters in England and Scotland respectively, and of Packets to and from Great Britain^ from and to Portugal and the British Colonies in America respectively; and for setting apart, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for a certain Period, out of the Revenues of the Pod Office, the Annual Sum of forty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the thirty-

fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

[28th December 17(j6.) \: jf

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Rates of Postage established by an Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and by two several Acts of the fifth and twenty-fourth Years of your Majesty's Reign, should be repealed: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, as well for the Purposes aforesaid, as towards

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18.

railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making a permanent 1 Addition to the Public Revenue, have fieely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty

the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it

may be enabledand be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majestfs Dominions, and for settling a Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the IVir, and other her Majestfs Occafians; and so much of an Act, made in the fifth Year of your most Gracious Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of P oft age; and to amende explain, and enlarge, several Provisions in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in ether Alls relating to the Revenue of the Post Office; and also so much of another Act, paded in the twenty-fourth Year of your most Gracious Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Rates of Pojla^e for Conveyance of Letters and Packets, by the Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; for preventing Frauds in the Revenue, carried on by the Conveyance of certain Goods in Letters and Packets \ and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage, as establish es certain Rates or Sums for the Port and Conveyance of Letters and Packets within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Podmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he Hi ill convey, carry, or fend Pod, within that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, according to the several Rates and Sums herein after mentioned, the same being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce; that is to fey.

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter so conveyed or carried by the Pod, not exceeding fifteen measured Miles from the Office where such Letter buy be put in, to the Office where such Letter may be delivered, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the Sum of Three-pence; for every Double Letter Sixpence; for every Treble Letter Nine-pence; and for every Ounce in Weight one Shilling; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Pod above fifteen measured Miles, and not exceeding thirty measured Miles from the Office where such Letter may be put in, to the Office where such Letter ;nay be delivered, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the Sum of Four-pence; for every Double Letter Eight-pence; for every Treble Letter one Shilling; and for every Ounce in Weight one Shilling and Four-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Pod above thirty measured Miles, and not exceeding sixty measured Miles from the Office where such Letter may be put in, to the Office where such Letter may be delivered, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the Sum of Five-pence; for every Double Letter Ten-pence; for every Treble Letter one Shilling and Three-pence; and for every Ounce in Weight one Shilling and Eight-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce: z- >gYjiH jgg

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Pod above sixty measured Miles, and not exceeding one hundred measured Miles from the Office where such Letter may be put in, to the Office where such Letter may be delivered, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the Sum of Sixpence; for every Double Letter one Shilling; for every Treble Letter one Shilling and Sixpence; and for every Ounce in Weight two Shillings; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce: 1 j

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Pod above one hundred fneafured Miles, and not exceeding one hundred and fifty measured Miles from the Office where such Letter may be put in, to the Office where such Letter may be delivered, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the Sum of Seven-pence; for every Double Letter one Shilling and Two-pence; for every "Treble Letter one Shilling and Nine pence; and for every Ounce in Weight two Shillings and Four-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Pod one hundred and fifty measured Miles, or upwards, from the Office where such Letter may be put in, to the Office where such Letter may be delivered, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the Sum of Eight-pence; for every Double Letter one Shilling and Four-pence; for every Treble Letter two Shillings; and for every Ounce in Weight two Shillings and Eight-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Podmader General, and his

Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, over and above the Rates of Podnge now pay-

J- Im to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which

mall convey, carry, or fend Pod, within Scotland, the additional Rate of Pod.-»gc herein after mentioned;

IS to fey,

) E u. For

493

From January 1797, so much of 9 Annar, Cap.

10.

5 Geo. III. Cap. 25. and 24 Geo. III. SelT 2. Cap. 37. ascrtabl Ihca certain Rates of Portage in England, Wales, and Berwick u pon T weed, repealed, ar d

the following Rates to be taken:

Rates.

The following additional Rates to be taken lor Postage of Letters in Scotland:

494

Rates.

Rates ertaHIlh ed by first recited Act to and from Portugal, aftd by the second to and from America, icpealed.

The following Rates to be taken for Letters to and from Portugal.

Rates.

The following Rates to be taken for I etters to and from t|ie British Domini ons in America.

Rates.

Letters to or from Portugal or America chargeable with the Inland Rates.

Mode of charging Letters by Weight.

Act not to alter the Charge of Portage on Single Letters from or to Non-commissioned Officers, &c. established by 35

Geo. III. Cap.

53-

tVovisions of Acts relating to the Port Office, not hereby repealed or altered, to continue in Force.

Rates to be paid to the Receiver General of the

PoH Office, and

to

C. 18. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

For the Port srd Conveyance of every Single Letter one Penny; for every Double Letter Two-pence; for every Treble Letter Three-pence; and for every Ounce in Weight Four-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater W eight than an Ounce.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as establishes Rates of Postage fur Letters from and to London, to and from Portugal] and so much of the said Act, made in the fifth Year of your most Gracious Majesty's Reign, as establishes Rates of Postage for Letters from and to London, to and from the British Dominions in America, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be, and the same are hereby repealed; and thar, from and after the said filth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's roftmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorized, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters, Packets, and other Things, which shall be carried or conveyed from or to the Kingdom of Great Britain, to or from the Kingdom of Portugal, a Packet Postage according to the several Rates herein after mentioned;

that is to say, f $ Tt 'H:

Per all Letters and Packets, pa fling from any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain to Lisbon, or to any other Port in the Kingdom of Portugal, and from any such Port into Great Britain; for every Single Letter one Shilling; for every Double Letter two Shillings; for every Treble Letter three Shillings; and for every Ounce in Weight four Shillings; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce. - Wfy \

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty *s Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorized, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all and every Letters, Packets, and other Things, which shall be carried or conveyed from or to the Kingdom of Great Britain, to or from any Port within the British Dominions in America, a Packet Postage according to the several Rates herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For all Letters and Packets patting from any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, to any Port within the British Dominions in America, and from any such Port into Great Britain; for every Single Letter one Shilling; for every Double Letter two Shillings; for every Treble Letter three Shillings; and for every Our.ce in Weight four Shillings; and (bin Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

VI. And be it further enacted, That over and above the Rates aforesaid, all Letters and Packets patting

to or from Portugal, from or to that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, or to or from the British Dominions in America, from or to that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, shall be charged with the full inland Rate of Postage hereby established, according to the Distance such Letters and Packets shall be conveyed within England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and with the full Inland Rate of Postage now payable, together with the additional Rate of Postage hereby established, according to the Distance such Letters and Packets shall be conveyed within Scotland. ‘

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Letter or Packet, together with the Contents thereof, shall be rated at an higher Rate of Postage, according to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, than as a Treble Letter, unless the same shall be one Ounce in Weight; and that all Letters and Packets of the Weight of one Ounce, shall be rated as four Single Letters, and in Proportion for every Quarter of an Ounce above the Weight of an Ounce, reckoning each Quarter of an Ounce as a Single Letter.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall increase or alter,

or be construed to increase or alter, the Amount or Manner of charging the Rates of Postage upon Single Letters to be sent by the Post by or to Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Privates, on their own private Concerns, whilst such Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Privates, shall be employed in his Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, and Marines, made payable by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of your most Gracious Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for further regulating the sending and receiving Letters free from the Duty of Postage; for allowing Non-comm ’(find Officers, Seamen, and Private Men, in the Navy and Army, whilst on Service, t) send and receive Letters at a low Bate of Postage; and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Post at an easter Rate than is now allowed by Law; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities. Penalties, and Methods for the Recovery of the same, and all other Matters and Things in Force, at the Time of patting this Act, and contained in the said Act, made in the ninth Year of the Kc gn of her said late Majesty Queen Anne. or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, so far as the same refa.es to the Post Office, (and not repealed or altered by this Act,) shall continue in Force, and shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend, to this present Act, as fully and effectually* to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of tnc Post Office, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges for collecting, paying, and accounting for the same being hrft deducted)

into

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18,10.

into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on such Dnys and Times and in such Manner as the Rates and Duties hereby repealed were, by any Law in Force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, difpfted to be paid; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be earned to and nude Part of the Consolid.ited Fund.

XL 4 And whereas the annual average Produce of the Revenue of the Post Office for three Years, ending on the filth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, amounted to four hundred and ten

thousand five hundred and fifty-six Pounds: And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the

Rc'gn of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the sending and receiving Letters

frci from the Duty of Post age \for allowing Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Private Mm, in the Navy and Army, wh'ilft on Service, to send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Postage; and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Post at an easier Rate than is now allowed by Law, i the said Revenue hath been increased by a Sum computed at the annual Sum of forty thousand Pounds, communibus annis:% Be it further enacted, That, out of the Monies to arise from the said Revenue of the Post Office, the S urn of one hundred and two thousand six hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, being one-fourth Part of the annual average Amount before mentioned, shall Quarterly on the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of October, and the fifth Day of January in every Year, during the Periods herein after mentioned, be set apart from the Remainder of the said Revenue; and that the Sum of ten thousand Pounds of the said Remainder of the said Revenue, shall Quarterly, for the Period of eight Years from the passing of this Act, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, separate and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue, and that the Amount thereof, or so much as shall be fiilfi-cient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Public Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the said thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and that after setting apart the Amount of the annual Averages aforesaid, and the said further annual Sum of forty thousand Pounds, the Remainder of the said Revenue of the Post Office shall, during the Period of ten Years after the passing of this Act, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that the said Remainder of the said Rates so paid, into the said Receipt, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or to be made, or Stock created or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said respective Periods, Books in which the said annual Sum of forty thousand Pounds, and the ("aid Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Revenue of the Post Office, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or T hing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-suited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the more effectually securing the Stamp Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds.

[2Hth December 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain

Provisions are made to prevent the Revenue of Stamps from being defrauded by the Practice of infer ting in one Skin of Parchment more than the usual and accustomed Quantity of Words, which had been allowed to be after the Rate of fifteen Common Law Sheets, containing seventy-two Words in each Sheet; which Provisions have not bet n found effectual: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be repealed, and other Provisions made for more effectually securinp the said Duties, and that the Monies arihng by any Ir.crease of Stamps to be used in pursuance of this Act, should be applied in the Manner herein directed: We, your Majesty most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, as well for the Purposes aforesaid, as towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, do most humbly bdecch your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the Number of Stamps required to be put on every Skin or Piece of V ellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed shall be engrossed, printed, or written, shall be IJ io calculated

495

by him into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Average annual Revenue- of Post Office for three Years to Ap. 5, 1795, at 410,566l. Computed Increase by 35 Geo. III. Cap.

53.40.0001.; jc2.639l.of the actual Revenue to be set apart quarterly;

10.0001. of the remaining actual Revenue to be applied quarterly to the Revenue of 7795; and the Remainder to this Year’s Rc» venue.

Persons sued

may plead the General flue.

Treble Costs*

19 Geo. III.

Cap 66. recited, and certain Provisions therein repealed.

Th; Number of Stamps for any Indentures, See,

496

to be calculated in the Manner herein Specified.

i

Schedules to be deemed Part of Indentures, Sec

Any Person not bringing Indentures not duly stampt, to be so flampr, to forfeit zo 1.

No Indenture available unless duly ftmipt.

Indentures, &c. which have been rtampt, when blank, but not according to this Act9 may be properly stampt within a limited Time.

Officer to calculate the Duty on Indentures, &c. and write on them certain Particulars.

On Payment of Duty at the Head Office, Indentures, &c. to be stampt; and at other Offices, Indentures, &c. to be transmitted to the Head Office within zi Days for that Purpose.

Officer receiving Duty to acknowledge Receipt of Indentures, &c. for Transmission, &c.

Indentures, &c. may be stamp; at the Head Office at any Time, on Payment of the Duty and a penalty.

C. 19. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

- 9

calculated according to the Number of Common Law Sheets engrossed, printed, or, written thereon, each Common Law Sheet containing seventy-two Words, in Manner following; that is to say. Where the Quantity of Words engrossed, printed, or written, on any Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, shall not exceed fifteen such Common Law Sheets, one Scamp; and where the Quantity or Number of Words engrossed, printed, or written thereon, shall amount unto thirty such Common Law Sheets, two Stamps; and so progressively one further Stamp for every fifteen such Common Law Sheets above the Number of thirty such Common Law Sheets contained therein: Provided always, that if the Quantity or Number of Words engrossed, panted, or written thereon, shall, after calculating in Manner aforesaid every Amount of fifteen Common Law Sheets contained therein, exceed the Number of such Common Law Sheets so calculated by a less Quantity of Words than other fifteen such Common Law Sheets, no further Stamp shall be required for such Excels above the Number of Common Law Sheets so calculated; and that in every such Cale the Stamps required to be put on any such Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed shall be engrossed, printed, or written, shall be of the same Value or Denomination respectively, and shall be such Stamps which have been or shall be provided or directed to be used to denote the Duties payable on such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, according to the Laws now in force, or hereafter to be in force.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Schedule or other Instrument annexed unto any Indenture,

Lease, Bond, or other Deed and Indorsement made thereon, shall, in estimating the Number of Stamps required by virtue of this Act to be put thereon, be deemed as Part of such indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed; and the Quantity or Number of Words contained therein shall be calculated as if the same were contained in such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, Officer, or other Person, shall engross, print, or write, or cause to be engrossed, printed, or written, any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, and shall neglect to bring the same to be duly stamped in the Manner and within the Time hereby directed and allowed for stamping the same, every such Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, Officer, or other Person, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and no such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence, or be good, useful, or available, in any Manner whatever, unless the same shall be stamped as required by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, which shall have been stamped with one Stamp on every Skin or Piece of such Vellum or Parchment, or on every Sheet or Piece of such Paper, before any Matter or Thing shall have been engrossed, printed, or written thereon, and shall not be stamped as by this Act is directed, which shall be brought at any Time before the Execution thereof, or within the Space of one Calendar Month after the Date thereof, to the Head Office of the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, may be stamped 2s this Act requires, on Payment of the Duty for the same; and thar, upon bringing any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, to be stamped as aforesaid, the Officer appointed by the said Commissioners shall calculate the Duty payable thereon, and the Number of Stamps required by this Act to be put thereon, and shall write in Words at length upon the Margent of each Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, whereon the same shall be engrossed, printed, or written, the Number of Common Law Sheets contained therein, and the Day on which such Payment shall be made, and shall subscribe his Name thereto; and in case the Duty shall be so paid at the said Head Office, then the Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, so brought to be stamped, shall, on Payment of the said Duty, be stamped with such Number of Stamps as the Case shall require; and in case the Duty shall be so paid at any other Office to be appointed by the said Commissioners, the Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, whereon the Duty so payable, and the Number of Words so contained therein shall have been calculated and written, shall be transmitted within the Space of twenty-one Days from the Day of Payment of such Duty to the Head Office to be stamped, and the same shall be stamped accordingly with such Number of Stamps as the Case shall require; and if the Person paying such Duty at any such Office to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be desirous that the same shall be transmitted to the said Head Office by the Officer to whom such Duty shall be paid, and shall leave the same with such Officer for such Purpose, such Officer shall, upon Request, sign and deliver an Acknowledgment that such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, has been left with him for such Purpose, and shall transmit such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, to the said Head Office to be stamped as aforesaid; and the same shall be returned to such Officer as soon as conveniently may be after the stamping thereof, and such Officer shall deliver back the same to the Person entitled thereto, upon Rc-delivery to him of the Acknowledgment which he shall have given for the same, if any shall have ken given.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to carry any such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, at any Time within six Calendar Months after the Date thereof, to the said Head Office to be stamped in like Manner, paying the Duty for the same, and also the further Sum of ten Pounds by Way of Penalty, and also to carry the same to the said Head Office to be stamped in like Manner at any Time after the Expiration of the said six Months, on Payment of the Duty for die firne, and also the further Sum of ten Pounds for every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, whereon such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, or Matter or Thing aforesaid^Tii be

engro i>

497

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19

engrafted, printed, or written, by way of Penalty for not having before caused the same to be duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That.where any Action shall be commenced against any Person for engrossing, printing, or writing, any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, contrary to the Directions of this Act, which shall not be brought to the said Head Office to be stamped within one Calendar Month after the Date thereof, and such Action shall be prosecuted with Effect, the same shall not be delayed, prejudiced, defeated, or barred, by reason of the Payment of any Duty or Penalty on stamping the same, or of the same being stamped, after the Commencement of such Action, but that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall be entitled to recover as if such Duty and Penalty had not been paid, or such Stamp or Stamps had not been put thereon after the Commencement of such Action.

Vn. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall-add any Word in any such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, after the Officer to be appointed by the said Commissioners shall have calculated the Duty payable thereon, and before the same shall be duly stamped, according to the Directions of this Act, or shall alter any Word or Letter in any Writing hereby required to be made, by the Officer to be appointed by the said Commissioners, on the Margent of such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, after such Officer shall have signed the same according to the Directions of this Act, or shall knowingly utter or publish as true any such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, with such Word added thereto, or any such altered Writing, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any other Person or Persons, then and in such Case every Person so adding, altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisoes, Articles, Clauses, Allowances, and all Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and not hereby altered, shall be of full Force and Effect, with relation to the several Matters and Things by this Act prescribed or directed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the enforcing the Regulations of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted.

IX. And be it further enacted, Th'at one M< posed shall, if sued for within the Space of four Calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties or Forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full

oiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby im-

fe 1 mm

Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid; and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, or in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in Scotland, *>y Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty* Attorney General m England, or his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that any such Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without any Intention of Fraud, to (lay all further Proceedings, by entering a Noli Projtqui, or otherwise, with respect as well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in default of Prosecution within the Time herein-

before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, and of his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the Courts of Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively; and in every Case where such Information shall be prosecuted as aforesaid, the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, Incurred as

aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of his Majesty's Receiver General of Stamp Duties for the Tunc being, any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that, in any Case where the Whole of such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of the Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto, as an Informer or Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, 1 hat, from and after the passing of this Act, out of the Monies that

shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the Duties imposed by any former Acts of Parliament, on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, shall be engrossed, printed, or written, in pursuance of any such* Act or Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or any of them, the Sum of thirty-nine thousand one hundred and’ fifty-one Pounds and five Shillings, being one-fourth Part of the Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand six hundred and five Pounds, the annual average Produce for three Years, ending the first Day of Auzujl one thousand seven hundred and nipetv-four, of the Whole of the said Duties, shall Quar-rly, on the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of October, and the fifth Day of iary, in every Year, during the Period of ten Years, be set apart from the Remainder of the said lies; and that after setting apart at the said Receipt of Exchequer, at the End of each such Quarter, Che S\im of thirty-nine thousand one hundred and fifty-one Pounds and five Shillings, the said Remainder of the said Monies arising, or to arise, of the said several Duties imposed by the said former Acts, or so much

37 Geo. III. 3T thereof

Actions brought for engrofTing Indentures, &c. contrary to this Act, not to be defeated by Payment of the Duty, &c. after Action commenced.

Penalty of 100 L for adding to Indentures, &c. after the Duty has been calculated, and before lUmpt, &c.

All Powers, &c. in Acts relating to Sump Duties, not hereby altered, tobv applied to this Act.

r

Application and Recovtry of Penalties sued for in four Months*

Where Penalty appears to have been incurred without Fraud, Proceedings may be stopt.

Recovery and Application of Penalties, not sued for in four Months.

Penalties to his Majesty to be paid to the Receiver, General of Stamp Duties.

Informers may be rewarded out of Penalties to his Majesty.

Application of Duties on Indentures, &c. under former Acts.

[39,151l. 5#.

(bevfg one Iguar* ter ej 156,605l. the average Annual Produce for three Tears to

August 1,1794»J

to he jet apart at the Exchequer quarterly', end the Remainder applied to this Tear's Rtvtnue.']

498

fetched Act 19 Geo. III. Cap. t6. in Rax c repealed.

Cap. .9.

KIs Majesty in

ferivy Council may make Regulations rebelling the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope $ notwithstandingStaL 12 Car. II. Cap. 18; 7*8 W. III. Cap. 22. or any Other. Statutes-

Goods, &c. imported or exported contrary to Orders in Council, forfeited, Scc. together with the Ship and Furniture.

Alt not to Infringe the Rights

of the East India Company.

C. 19,20,21. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charges ©ccafioned by any Loan made, or to be made, or any Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or to be parted, in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distmftly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept at the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, rn which the said Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, Hull, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates or Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose ot defraying such increased Charges as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, on any Account whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign, of his present Majesty, as relates to the engrossing, printing, or writing, on any Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, or to any of the Matters for which Provision is made by this Act, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

CAP. XX.

An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Section*, for delivering in Navy, Victualling*

Transport, and Exchequer Bills.

[28th December 1796.]

CAP. XXI.

An Act authorising his Majesty, for a limited Time, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

[2bth Dec. 1796.]

WHEREAS the Castle, Town, and Settlement, of the Cape of Good Hope, with the Territories and Dependencies thereof, are now in the Possession of his Majesty; and it is expedient, under the preterit Circumstances, that the Trade and Commerce to and from the same should be regulated for a certain Time, in such Manner as shall seem proper to his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, notwithstanding the special Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament that may be construea to affect the same;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and w:th the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, by any Order or Orders to be iuued from Time to Time, to give such Directions, and make such Regulations, touching the Trade and Commerce to and from the said Settlement, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof, as to his Majesty in Council shall appear most expedient and salutary; any Thing contained in an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation; or in an Act passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King Irtlliam the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abrjes in the Plantation Trade \ or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force relating to his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, shall be imported into, or exported from, any Place or Places, Part of the said Settlement, or its Territories or Dependencies, or shall be exported from any Part of his Majesty's Dominions to any of the said Places; or if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be so imported or exported in any Manner whatever, contrary to any Inch Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall respectively be imported or exported, with all her Guns, Ammunition, f urniture, T ackle, and Apparel, and every such Forfeiture shall and may be sued for, pro-feeuted, and recovered by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, as any f orfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in Places where reflectively the Offences shall be committed, and the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid* and applied, in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall in any Manner be construed to infringe the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the Fuji Indies. 1 '58 j

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 22. 499

Art of present Session, Cap 3.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed, and for enabling his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of NecejJily, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

[30th December 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act, pasted in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein direffed, and for enabling his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of Necessity,f$r the Defence of rec‘tc<* 4 these Kingdoms, should be explained and amended,- in the Particulars after mentioned / May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by - — and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices of the Peace for any County,

Riding, Division, or Place, within their respective furidliftions, shall have and are hereby veiled with full Power and Authority, to carry the said Act into Execution in the like Manner and as fully and effectually as they are authorized to carry into Execution an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or any other Act relating to the Militia; and that in all Cases where Deputy Lieutenants are empowered by the said Act passed in the present Section oi Parliament, or this Act, to act in the Execution thereof at any Sub-division Meeting, any Justice of the Peace of the same County, Riding, or Place, together with one Deputy Lieutenant, may execute the several Matters and Things required to be done at such Meeting, as effectually as two or more Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament as requires every Person, previously to his being enrolled, or permitted to serve, in the Supplementary Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, to swear that he is a Protestant, shall be and is hereby repealed; and that it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized to administer the Oath prescribed by the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, and he and they is and are hereby required in every Case in administering tile lame, to omit the following Words, videlicet: And 1 do swear, that I atn a Protestant/

Justices may carry the said Art into Execution, as Stat. 26 Geo. III. Cap. 107, or any other relating to the Militia.

Where Deputy Lieutenants are empowered to art by the Act recited or this

Art, a Justice and Deputy Lieutenant may art.

Supplementary Militia Men not to be required to swear they are Protestants, and the Person administering the

III. And be it further enacted, That if in any County, Riding, or Place, or in any Sub-division thereof, it shall have happened that the Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Constables, or other Peace Officers, have omitted to put the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, into Execution, by reason that a due Return of the Annual Lists of Men liable to be ballotted into the Militia raised by virtue of the said last mentioned Act was not made, or not ordered to be made, on the Day or in the Manner directed by the said last mentioned Act, so that the said Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, cannot be duly executed for Want of such Returns; or if such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, or Justices of the Peace relatively, have omitted to put the Act of the present Session into Execution, by neglecting to make out Duplicates of such Lists which have been returned to them, according to the said last mentioned Act, or have been prevented from making out the same; it shall and may be lawful for the Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace respectively, to execute the Powers contained in the said Act passed In the present Session of Parliament at any Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, whether the Purposes to be executed at such Meeting shall have Relation to the Militia raised under the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, and to the said Supplementary Militia to be raised under the said Act of the present Session, jointly, or to either of the said Acts separately, or to meet for that Purpose at any other Time or Times after the passing of this Act, and from Time or Time, as there shall be Oc-caston; and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be, to meet and to execute the Powers contained in the said Act passed in the present Session, in such Manner that the said Supplementary Militia may be raisej without Delay: And it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices so met, to proceed to execute the said Act on the Returns already made for the Purpose aforesaid; or where no such Returns shall have been made, or the same shall have befen lost or destroyed, to order frefti Lifts to be made out and returned, as there shall be Occasion; and where Lifts have been returned, and any Exemption shall have been claimed, and erroneously, or contrary to this Act, allowed, it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices respectively, and they are hereby required to amend the Duplicate of such Lists, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, and of this Act; and (where there shall bj Occasion) to order and direct a fresh Ballot to be taken; and all Acts which might lawfully have been done at any Meeting held on the Days mentioned in the said Act of the twenty-lixih Year aforesaid, and which shall i.avc been done at any other Meeting held under the said Act, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same Acts had been done on the Days and in the Manner directed by the said Acts, or either of them; and all such Meetings to be after the passing of this Act, for the Purpose of carrying into Effect the Proceedings of former Meet-;s, or of supplying any Dcfeft or Omission in such Proceedings, or of rectifying the same, or of

q T 2 further

Oath to omit tliofc Words.

Where 16 Geo. III. Cap 107, has not been put

into Execution, because a Return of Men liable to be ballotted has not been made, or where Duplicates of such Lists have not been made out, the Powers of the Art of the present Session may be executed at any Meeting alter passing this Art, in such Manner that the Supplementary Militia may be raised without Delay.

Depury Lieutenants, &c. may proceed cn Returns already made, or where none are made, &c. may order ne w Ones to be made, out$ and where Exemptions have brefi erroneously allowed, may amend Lifts, and direct fresh b*dl ts to be

taken, fwC.

500

Lieutenants, &c. who have omitted to or have acted erroneouny, indemnified.

In Addons brought against tersons hereby indemnified, the General Issue may be pleaded.

If by Jan. 30,

1797, a sufficient Number of Officers shall not he appointed, the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants may appoint Persons as are described in Cap. 3. §2.

If it shall appear before Jan. 15,

1797, that a sufficient Number of Non-commissioned Officers,

Sec. cannot be (pared from the Militia, to train the Supplementary Militia,

ChdfeaPtn-sioners certified by the Secretary ac War as fit, may be appointed, See Deficiencies ftii! remaining may be lu plied by Persons discharged llom the Anny,

Militia, ire. (Src

C. 22. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

further carrying the said Act of the present Session into Execution, and all Acts to be done at such Meetings to be held after the passing of this Act, pursuant in all Respects to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, (except as to the Time of doing the same,) shall be, and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual, notwithstanding any such former Defect, Omission, or Error as aforesaid; and all Lieutenants* Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace, who have omitted to carry, or have been hindered fron* carrying the said Act of the present Session into Execution, according to the Directions thereof, or shall have executed the same erroneously, by allowing any Exemption contrary to the Intent thereof, or of this Act, and who shall at any other Time or Times have met and executed the same, or who shall meet and execute the same according to the Directions of this Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties and Damages, and against all Actions and Prosecutions whatsoever* incurred or to be incurred by reason of any Neglect, Omission, or Hindrance as aforesaid; and all Constables and other Officers are hereby also indemnified, freed, and discharged, from ail Penalties and Damages, and against all Actions and Prosecutions incurred or to be incurred for any Act done or to be done bjnthem in pursuance of any Order or Orders of the Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, or Justices of the Peace* made or to be made pursuant in all other Respects to the Directions of the said Acts, except as to the Time of making the same; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the fama

respectively. A JT

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment or Information, shall from and after the passing of this Act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified for or on account of any Penalty or Damages incurred or to be incurred for any Omission or Neglect before-mentioned, or for any Act done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the speciaL Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

V. And be it further enacted, That if in any County, Riding, or Place, a sufficient Number of Officers,

duly qualified according to the said Acts, shall not be appointed to Commissions in the Supplementary Militia to be raised for the said County, Riding, or Place, on or before the thirtieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, (and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be,) to appoint a sufficient Number of such other Persons, as are described in the said Act of the present Session, to be Officers in the said Supplementary Militia, subject to the Approbation of his Majesty, and in the Manner therein directed. % I .: £811

Powers given to Lieutenant* and Deputy Lieutenants to quarter the Supplementary Militia, not to restrain Justices, &c. from billetting

them.

Persons ballot ted paying 15 L for not serving or providing a Substitute rot liable w bb baJlotud for

VI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Lieutenant, or any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, at any Time before the fifteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, that a sufficient Number of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, or Private Men* cannot conveniently be spared from the Regiment, Battalion, or Company of Militia serving for any County, Riding, or Place, to train and exercise the said Supplementary Militia to be raised by virtue of the said Act of the present Session as aforesaid, for such County, Riding, or Place, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, and he and they is and are hereby required to appoint, for that Purpose, such Number of Men from and amongst the Persons put or to be put on the Establishment of Chelsea Hospital* as shall be certified to him or them, by the Secretary at War for the Time being, to be fit and proper Persons for such Service; and any Deficiency of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, or Privates, remaining after such Appointments, may be supplied by any Persons who shall have served as Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, or Privates, in his Majesty's Army, or in the Militia, and have been discharged therefrom, or such other Persons as the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively shall judge to be proper for that Service and shall appoint; and any Person so to be appointed shall be entitled to the same Pay during such Service as Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men* serving in the Supplementary Militia, would be entitled to by virtue of such Appointment according to the said Act, over and above any other Pay, Emolument, or Allowance, to which they or any of them maybe respectively entitled.

26 of Cap. 3,) >1 ,

VII. And be it further enacted, That (he Powers given by the said Act of the present Session to the

Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding or Place, to quarter and billet the Supplementary Militia to be raised by virtue of the said Act, shall not restrain or be construed to restrain fullices of the Peace of Counties, Ridings, 01* Places, Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tythingmen; Hc-adboroughs, and other Chief Magistrates and Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes, Tythings, and Places, from quartering and billeting the said Supplementary Militia; but that all such Magistrates may, within their respeo tive jurisdictions. quarter and billet the said Supplementary Militia, and provide Lodgings for the Non-commissioned Officers of such Militia, under and according to the Powers and Directions given by the said Act of the twenty-Hxth Year aforesaid. ft:!'

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be ballotted to serve in the said Supplementary Militia, and who shall forfeit and pay the Penalty of fifteen Pounds, prescribed by the said Act, for neglecting to serve or to provide a Substitute, shall be liable to be ballotted for again, either for the Militia raised by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, 01 by any other Act of Parliament, or for the said Supplementary Militia, for the Period of five Years.

again for die Militia for five Years. J -1 J HHH

C. 22.

D

tricesimo sept

50i

_ _ r ^ M _ P # JU r

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Supplementary No person Militia, nor any Substitute, being of the full Height of five Feet two Inches, shall be deemed unfit for chosenn^Iof» Service, or be liable to be discharged, by reason that such Person is under the Height required by the said t«e^veFrec "

Aift of the twenty-sixth ear aforesaid. two Inches high, (infitad offive Feet four Irube:,) to be deemed unlit for Service.

Xl And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in the said Act of the present Session, shall be construed to empower any Overseer of the Poor of any Parish, Tything, or Place, to provide any Volunteer or Volunteers for the said Supplementary Militia, without the Consent of the Inhabitants of such Parish,

Tything, or Place, to be obtained in the Manner directed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year

aforesaid.

Act of the present Session not to empower any Overseer to provide Volunteers without the Consent of the Parifrioners.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to offer themselves to serve as Substitutes in the said Supplementary Militia, for any such Subdivision, and to appear before any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, within such Time and at such Place as is provided for the enrolling Volunteers under the said Act of the present Session; and that in every such Case, a correct Lift shall then and there be made of the Names and Places of Abode of all such Persons so appearing, who shall be approved of according to the Provisions of the said Act, and such Persons, so approved, shall be accepted as Substitutes for such Subdivision.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Place within the Subdivision for which such Person or Persons shall have offered themselves 10 to serve as Substitutes, (according to the Order in which the said Parish or Place shall (land upon the Lift prepared for the Ballot,) to give any such Person or Persons (according to the Order in which their Names shall have been entered in the Lift as aforesaid) any such Sum as shall be deemed reasonable, and shall be fixed by the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, at any Subdivision Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, after they shall have been sworn and enrolled to serve as the Substitute or Substitutes for such Parish or Place in the said Supplementary Militia, in Manner as directed in the said Act; and it shall be lawful for such Overseers to reimburse themselves out of any Monies of the Rates then raised, or to be reimbursed out of any Monies thereafter to be raised for the Relief of the Poor, in such Manner as they may reimburse themselves, or be reimbursed for any Monies by them expended in Matters relating to the Poor.*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person enrolled in the said Supplementary Militia shall, during

his Service therein, according to the Directions of the said Act of the present Session, be liable to be chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia raised or to be raised by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, or any other Act relating to the said Militia. to serve in

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one

Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, at any Subdivision Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, may fix the average current Price then paid, or which in their Judgment shall be a reasonable Sum to be paid for a Volunteer in the said Supplementary Militia; and that in every Case where any Person falling within the Circumstances provided for by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, shall claim to be entitled to one Half of the current Price then paid for a Volunteer, such Price shall, in all Cases relating to the said Supplementary Militia, be ascertained by the average current Price then fixed by the said Deputy Lieutenants or Justices respectively, to be paid for Volunteers in the said Supplementary Militia, and not according to the Directions contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid; one Moiety of which Price so to be fixed shall be paid to such Person by such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Regulations, in all Respects, except as to the Amount thereof as aforesaid, as are provided by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if in any County, Riding, or Place, for which any Men are to be raised for the said Supplementary Militia, the Numbers appointed to be raised by the said Act of the present Session shall, together with the Numbers serving in the Militia for the same County, Riding, or Place, raised by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, amount in the Whole to more than the Proportion herein after mentioned within such County, Riding, or Place, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the same to transmit to his Majesty's Privy Council an Account in Writing of the true State of the Number of Persons liable to serve under the said Act of the twenty-sixth of his present Majesty; on Receipt of which his Majesty's Privy Council shall forthwith fix and settle, as nearly as may be, the Number of the Supplementary Militia who shall serve for such County, Riding, or Place, so as not to exceed, together with the Numbers serving in the Militia raised under the Authority of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, the Proportion of one for every fix of the whole Number of Persons returned by the Lieutenant as liable to serve under the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty; and where the Number of Supplementary Militia Men, so fixed by his Majesty's Privy Council, shall be less than the Number of such Militia Men who are by the said Act of the present Session of Parliament appointed to serve for any County, Riding, or Place, then and in every such Case the General Meeting of Lieutenancy for such County, Riding, or Place, assembled for that Purpose, in case the said Supplc-mentnry Militia shall have been raised for such County, Riding, or Place, shall discharge, by Ballot, proportionally out of each respective Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, so many Militia Men as shall exceed the Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid; and in case the said Supplementaly Militia

1 shall

Substitutes may offer themselves at such Time and Place as is provided for enrolling Volunteer*.

Overseers may give Substitutes such Sum as frail be fixed by the Subdivision Meeting, which they may reim-burst themselves out of the Rates.

Supplementary Militia Men ner liable to be chosen by Ballot any other Militia.

Subdivision Meetings may fix the average current Price to be paid for Volunteers, according to which the Claims for half stich current Price (under Geo. III. Cap. 107. 41.) frail be ascertained.

In any Place where the Numbers appointed to be raised by Cap. 3. with ihofc serving in the Militia, frail amount to more than i-6th of the whole Number, liable to serve under 26

Geo. III. Cap. 107. the Lieutenant to transmit an Account of the Number so liable to the Privy Council,

who frail fix the Number of the Supplementary Militia, and ii

5°2

lcls than the Number appointed by Cap. 3. the Surplus shall be discharged, &c.

As Toon as,a Return of the Number of Men liable to serve for Birmingham is made to the Privy Council they shall fix the Number to serve, in Proportion to the Number contained in the Returns.

Officers executing Act to receive such Rewards as the Quarter Sessions shall judge proper, payable out of the County Rates.

Provisions of 24 Geo. II.

Cap. 44. to extend to Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants.

No Order or Conviction to be removed, or Execution fu* perfeded by Writ of Certiorari*

The Provisions of this and recited Act of the present Session, to be used in Execution of either.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

- Act of the present Session, Cap. 6. recited.

C. 22,23. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

shall not have been raised for such County, Riding, or Place, then the said General Meeting of Lieutenancy shall make an Apportionment of the Number of Men to be raised in each Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or Division, within such County, Riding, or Place* according to the Number of Men lb fixed and settled by his Majesty's Privy Council as aforesaid; and the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivi-fions within such County, Riding, or Place, shall ballot for such Number of Men only as shall be so fixed and settled as aforesaid. Jfc f tu* k

XVI. And whereas at the Time of passing the said Act of the present Session, no Return had been or yet is made for the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick, of the Number of Men liable to serve in the said Supplementary Militia for the said Town:’ Re it further enacted, That as soon as a Return shall be made to his Majesty's Privy Council, of the Number of Men liable to serve for the said Town of Birmingham, in the said Supplementary Militia, (which Return the Lieutenant of the said County of IVcr-wick is hereby required to make as soon as conveniently may be,) it shall and may be lajwful for his Majesty's Privy Council, and they are hereby required forthwith to fix and settle, as near as may be, the Number of Men who shall serve in the said Supplementary Militia for the said Town of Birmingham, and which Number so to be fixed shall not bear a greater Proportion to the Number of Persons contained in such Returns than shall be necessary to bring the Number of Men now serving for the Town of Birmingham in the Militia for the County of Warwick, and the Number so to be fixed for the said Supplementary Militia, in the W hole to the Proportion as near as may be of one for every six Persons contained in the said Returns so to be made for the said Town of Birmingham, and to transmit Accounts of the Number so fixed and settled to the Lieutenant of the said County of Warwick for the Time being.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the General Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy, Constables, and other Officers, who are hereby respectively required to execute the said Act passed in this Session of Parliament, or this Act, in any of the Particulars therein or herein mentioned, and who shall respectively execute the same to the Satisfaction of the Justices of the Pence at their respective Quarter Sessions assembled within the said Counties, Ridings, and Places therein mentioned, shall have and receive such Rewards, and no other, for their Care and Trouble in and about the executing the said Act of the present Session of Parliament and this Act, and for their respective Expences and Charges in the same, as the Justices shall judge the said Officers to have deserved; and the said Justices shall, after Allowance thereof, direct%e same to be paid by the Treasurer, or other Officer of such County, Riding, or Place, out of any Money in his Hands of the County Rates; and if such Treasurer or Officer shall not haveluffi-cient Money in his Hands, of the County Rates, to pay the same, then such Justices shall, and are hereby authorized and required to make a Rate for the Payment of the same, in such Manner and Form as they are authorized by Law to make Rates for the Repair of Gaols or County Bridges, or any other Purposes for which the Rate commonly called The County Rate, is or may by Law be applicable.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering Justices 0/the Peace more fofe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Cotistables and others acting in obedience to their Warrants, shall extend to all his Majesty's Lieutenants, and to all Deputy Lieutenants, acting in the Execution of this Act, or the said Act of the present Session, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually as the same extend to Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of their Office.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made by any Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, or by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by anyone Deputy Lieutenant, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace by virtue of the said Act of the present Session, or this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, wherein such Order or Conviction was made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of the said Act of the present Session, or of this Act; but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwith-

standing. r ? Ji '?* - j&JHll

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of the said Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, be used and applied, and construed, in like Manner as if the same Provisions were specially enacted in the said Act; and all and every the Provisions of the said Act shall, in the Execution of this Act, be used, applied, extended, and construed, in like Manner as if th: same Provisions were specially enacted in this Act. r. UAjg

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament. '

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case oj Neccjftly, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

[30th December 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied* in cujc of Sccf flthfsr *be Defence oj theft Kingdoms, (houla be explained and amended, in the Particulars herein "f

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 23. 503

mentioned :9 May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person shall be exempt from the Service mentioned in the said Act, by reason of his or her having been an articled Clerk or Apprentice, unless the Articles or Indentures under which such Person shall be bound shall have been executed on or before the twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and unless such Person shall be actually- serving under such Articles or Indentures at the Time of his or her claiming such Exemption.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act passed in the present Settion, as exempts any Teacher of a private Congregation from the Service required by the said Act, shall be and is hereby repealed: And that no licensed Teacher to any separate Congregation, shall be liable to the Service required by the said Act, who shall not be charged to the said Duties on Horses for more than one Horse, Mare, or Gelding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not charged to any of the Duties on Horses for more than three Horses, Mares, or Geldings, shall have served or been entered in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry, raised by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging and difeip lining such Corps or Companies of Men as frail voluntarily enrol them-fives for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Goajls, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present JVary or who shall enter or offer himself, and be accepted before the fifteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to serve in any such Corps raised or to be raised by virtue of the said Act, before the fifteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or such other Day to which the Ballot, within any Subdivision of a County, Riding, or Division, shall be postponed by his Majesty's Privy Council, in the Manner herein after directed 3 and if such Person shall, at his own Exigence, furnish a Mare or Gelding for the said Service, in such Corps, then such Person shall not be liable to be classed, or to provide any Man, or furnish any Mare or Gelding, in pursuance of the said Act of the present Settion, in respect of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, not exceeding three, for which he shall be so charged: Provided always, That if any such Person as aforesaid, being charged for more than three such Horses, shall be appointed or chosen by Ballot to provide for the Service required by the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, such Person shall be obliged to provide a proper Substitute or Substitutes, for the Service thereby required, although by reason of the personal Service of such Person in such Volunteer Corps he cannot be enrolled under the said Act of the present Session of Parliament; and that any other Person who shall by virtue of the said Act be appointed or chosen by Ballot to provide (or the Service thereby required, and who shall be deemed unfit for personal Service therein, for any Cause to be allowed by the Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant, and one Justice of the Peace, acting (or the Subdivision, or who shall refuse or neglect to take the Oath required to be taken unde.* the said Act, as amended by this Act, shall be obliged to provide a Substitute or Substitutes for the Service thereby required.

No articled Clerk or Apprentice exempt from Service, unlcfa bound on or before Olt i

and serving when Exemption is claimed.

n, as exempts any No licensed

Teacher of a separate Congregation liable to Service, who is

charged to the Duties on Horses for more than one.

Persons not charged to the Duties on Horses for more than three, serving in the Cavalry raised under 34 Geo. III. Cap. 31. or who shall be accepted to serve by a limited Time, not to be claOed under recited Act for such Horses j but if -any such Pa Ion charged for more tlmn three Horses, ice. be appointed or chosen by Ballot to serve, lie shall provide a Sub-rtitute; as also Persons appointed or chosen by Ballot, deemed unfit for Service, or refusing to be sworn.

Inferior Officers of Customs, 4-c. Jiow far exempted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no inferior Officer of his Majesty's Duties of Customs, nor any Supervisor, Riding Officer, or other inferior Officer of the Duties on Salt, who shall not be respectively charged to the said Duties on Horses for more than one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and who shall make it appear to the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or to one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, at any Subdivision Meeting to be held as aforesaid, that he is obliged by the Regulations or Orders of his supervor Officers to keep such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the necessary Performance of his Duty, as such Officer, shall be liable to provide any Man, or any Mare, or Gelding, for his Majesty's Service, in pursuance of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Marc, or Gelding, provided by any Person by virtue of the said Act, and being of the Height of fourteen Hands or upwards, shall be deemed unfit for Service, or rejected at any Muster held under the said Act of the present Settion, by reason that such Mare or Gelding may be under the Height required by the said Act. count of its Height. Cy. 6. §25.)

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the present Settion as requires every Per- No Person to be son previously to his being inrolled, or permitted to serve in the Cavalry of any County, Riding, or Place, to swear that he is a Protestant, shall be, and it is hereby repealed; and that it shall be lawful for the Person or

A t 1*0 .1 / \. I /" * I. Ii f* ? I A ( L C m - ..f C r! nnf

No Marc, &c. o! 14 Hands or Upwards to be rejt &ed on ac-

Persons authorized to administer the Oath preferrbed by the said Act of the present Settion o( Parliament,

is and are hereby required in every" Case in administering the same, to omit the following

and he and they AVords, videlicet:

And I do swear that I ain a Protestant/

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Deputy Lieutenants; or one Deputy

Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, have already omitted, or shall at any i ime or Times hereafter

omit, to meet or execute any of the Powers of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, at the Time or Times,- or according to the Manner prescribed by the said Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, acting

(or any Subdivision of any County, Riding, or Division, to meet and cxecuie the said Powers, or any of

*© them3

t

required to swear he is a Piotefiam, and in administering the Oath, those Words to be emitted.

Where Deputy Lieutenants,

&c. have omitted to meet to execute the recited AO, they may meet-

5°4

C. 23

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

for that Purpose, and are required, as soon after passing this Act as convenient, to meet to execute the same.

Mode of appeaJing.

"Meetings for hearing Appeals £0 be appointed when necessary.

Determination at such Meetings to be final.

Lifts, 8cc. may Jbe amended, and a fresh Ballot taken.

<?lasses not to be amended but in certain Cases*

nor any fresh Ballot to take place.

Subdivision Meetings may complete Classes from which Names shall have been struck out, by inserting Names omitted, &c.

them, at any other Time or Times, and from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion; and they are hereby authorized and required, as loon after the passing of this Act as shall be convenient, to meet at such Time or Tunes as they shall think fit, and execute the same at any Meeting or Meetings, to be held in pursuance of seven Days previous Notice, to be given in the Manner directeo by the said Act, or by Adjourn* ment, as the Case may require, foas the said Act may be fully executed; and all Meetings and Acts of the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace hi any fuclv Subdivision, which have been already had pursuant (in all other Respects) to the Directions of the said Act, or which shall hereafter be had under the Authority given by this Act, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding such former Omission or Defeat.

VI]I. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whose Name shall be inserted in any List or Clafe made out in pursuance of the said Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved thereby, and shall claim to be exempted from the Service mentioned therein, it shall be lawful for such Person, and he or she is hereby re* qutred, in every Case where no Ballot shall have taken place, to appeal to the Subdivision Meeting appointed to be held for the Purpose of taking the Ballot to be made for such Class, and before such Ballot shall take place, and that where such Ballot shall have taken place before the passing of this Act, then to appeal to the next Subdivision Meeting for hearing such Appeals to be held by the Appointment of two or more of the said Deputy Lieutenants, or of one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, or by Adjournment, which Meetings the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices respectively are hereby authorized and required, whenever there shall be Occasion, to appoint, at any Time after the eighth Day of January

unless a Meeting shall be held by Adjournment on a convenient Day within the Time before limited; and any two or more of the said Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine all such Appeals; and the Determination of the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any twq or more of them there aflbrnbled, or the major Part of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace there assembled, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively shall, after hearing any such Appeal, direct, as the Case shall require, the Lifts, and also the Classes in all Cases where any Exemption shaft be allowed in any Class, to be amended; and if there shall be Occasion, a fresh Ballot to be taken; and shall and may from Time to Time adjourn their Meetings, or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending of the Lifts and making the new Classes, and taking a fresh Ballot, as often as may be necessary for carrying the Purposes of the said Act of the present Session into Execution.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Amendment shall be made in any Class, unless the Name of some Person or Persons inserted therein shall have been struck out, or the Number of Horles, Mares, or Geldings inserted therein shall have been altered by the Order of two Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one justice of the Peace; and that no fresh Ballot shall take place until such Class shall be amended by the Insertion of the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons therein, and so as to make up the due Number of Horses, Mares, and Geldings required to be inserted therein: Provided also, that in order to fill up any Class or Claftes from which the Name or Names of any Person or Persons shall have been struck out, it shall be lawful for two or more of the said Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, at any Subdivision Meeting, whenever the Name of any Person charged to the said Duties on Horses who ought to be clall'ed shall have been omitted, to cause the same to be inierted in any such defective Class, in order to complete such Class, or if it shall be expedient, then to distribute the Persons composing any entire Class or Claftes amongst the said defective Claftes, in such Manner as to complete the same, and so from Time to Time to alter, vary, or amend such Claftes, as often as shall be necessary, until all such Claftes shall be completed, according to the Intent and Meaning of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament; and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and two Deputy Lieutenants, or for three Deputy Lieutenants, at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy for any County, Riding, or Division, where a Ballot shall have taken place before the passing of this Act, if they respectively shall fee Occasion, to amend the Claftes in various Instances, to direct the Formation of the Classes throughout any Subdivision of such County, Riding, or Division, where such Instances occur, anew, and to proceed to ballot thereupon as if no such former Ballot had been made.

General Meetings may, where a Ballot has taken place Kfore passing this AOf riircft new dalles to be formed and a fresh Ballot to be made.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall be construed to authorize or require the respective Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, to annul or set aside any of their Proceedings respecting any Clals or Classes of Persons already made, or any Appointment or Appointments, or Ballot, already had, unless in their Judgment the same shall appear to be necessary and expedient, for the Purpose of completing such of the said Classes from which any Names of Persons, or any Enumeration of Mares or Geldings, have been struck out upon Appeal as aforesaid, or other wise, »n pursuance of the Directions of this Act.

Deputy Lieutenants, &c. not so annul Proceedings respecting dalles already made,

&c. unless for completing such as have been altered on Appeal, &c.

The Number of Horses. in any Assessment

made after

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, included in any Assessment or Assessments made after the fifth Day of jlprilone thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to be made, to any of the Duties granted by the Acts of the twenty-fourth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-fourth Years

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo

C.

23

505

of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, in the said A£* of the present Session of Parliament mentioned, shall be inserted in the Schedule directed by the said A<5* to be laid before the General Meetings of Lieutenancy in their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places in the said Act described; and that from Time to Time new Schedules shall be prepared of any other Horses, Mares, or Geldings, which shall be assessed to the said Duties, or any of them, to be laid before such General Meetings, which last mentioned Horses, Mares, or Geldings, shall from Time to Time be enumerated orclafled in the Manner herein directed, until the Service required by the said Act shall be completed: Provided always, That if any Person shall have Iona fide ceased to keep or use any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or any Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for which he or she is charged in any such Assessment, at all Times since the twentieth Day of Oftoler one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and shall have remained during the whole Inteival without any Horse, Marc, or Gelding, liable to any of the said Duties, in lieu of the former Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, acting for any Subdivision before whom any Appeal for that cause shall be brought in pursuance of this Adf, to discharge such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or fucti Horses, Mares, or Geldings, which such Person shall have ceased to keep or use as aforesaid, from the Copy of the Schedule whereon the same respectively shall appear to have been so charged; and such Person shall not be liable to provide for the Service required by the said Act in respect of any Horse, Marc, or Gelding struck out of such Copy, in the Manner and for the cause herein directed.

are afllfled, since Oct. 20, 1796, may, on Appeal, have them (truck out

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person liable to the Service required by the said Act of the present Session, who shall be charged to any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, in any Place different from the Place or Places where he or she shall be charged to the said Duties on Horses, toeled* in which of the said Places he or (be shall be returned as liable to the said Service, giving such Notices thereof and procuring such Certificates as are required to be made and procured by the said Act* in other Cases where such F.ledtion may be made; and in case such Person shall tied* to serve in the Place where he or she shall be charged to any other assessed Duties than the said Duties on Horses, then the Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings for which he shall be so charged, shall be indorsed or written upon the Assessment made after the fifth Day of jfpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in respect of such other Duties upon such Person in the Place where he or she shall make such Elect*ion to serve in pursuance of such Certificates; and all Fines and Penalties which such Person may incur, and all other Payments to which such Person may become liable, in pursuance of the said Act*, shall and may from Time to Time be added to the said Assessment upon which the Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for which he or she shall be so charged, shall be endorsed or written in pursuance of such Certificates, and shall be levied and accounted for, together with the Duties therein respect*ivefy contained, subject* to such Application as is provided by the said Act* in respect of Tines, Penalties, and other Payments aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Class of Persons made out or to be made out in pursuance of the said Act of the present Session, the Person on whom the Lot shall fall shall he bound to provide a Man, who shall be approved in the Manner directed by the said Act*; and that no Allowance shall be made to such Person in respect* thereof beyond such Sum as shall he settled by the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the same County, Riding, or Division, where such Person shall be chosen, to be a fair Compensation in respect of the Cloathing to be provided; unless such Person shall be deemed unfit for the said Service, in which Case an Allowance shall be made, in respect* thereof, of such Sum of Money as shall be settled at a Subdivision Meeting of Lieutenancy in the Division of the same County, Riding, or Place where such Person shall serve, to be a fair Compensation for the same, and which Compensation shall be apportioned, assessed, collected, and paid in the Manner directed by the said Act. MfCt;ng> unWi the Personbt d,med

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Allowance shall he made to any Person on whom the Lot shall fall, in any Class, to provide a Mare or Gelding for the said Service, beyond such Sum as shall be settled at a General Meeting of Lieutenancy, to be allowed for any extra Expences to be incurred in providing Furniture, and in maintaining and keeping such Mare or Gelding; unless such Person, at the Time of such Ballot being had, shall not be actually pnflelled of any Marc or Gelding, which shall be approved in pursuance of the Directions contained in the said Act*; in which Case such Allowance shall be made, as shall be settled at such Subdivision Meeting of Lieutenancy as aforesaid to be a fair Compensation for the same, and which shall be apportioned, assessed, collected, and paid in the Manner directed by the said Act*.

April 5. 1796, or to be made, to the Dutic* granted by certain Acts, to be inserted in the Schedules to be laid before the General Meetings; and rew Schedule*, from Time to Tune, of other Horse* assesst d to t1- ofe Duties, to be laid before \ them, until the Service required be complied., Persons ceasing to keep Horse* for which they of the Schedule.

Person* charged for other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for Taxes, in a different Place than for Horses, may cleft in which they shall be returned, See*

Thc Person on

whom the Lot shall fall, shall provide an approved Man, and no Allowance shall be made in respect thereof beyond the Sum settled by the General unfit for Service.

No Allowance to be made to the P^rfcn on whom the Lot shall fall to provide a Mare, &c. tcyond the Sum settled at a General Meeting, unless at the

Eallot he shall not be possessed of an approved Mare, &c.

XV. And be it further mailed. That so much of the said Act made in the present Session of Parliament as dircas an Allowance to be made to the Person who shall provide a Substitute in Cases where in any Class there shall nor be a Person fit for Military Service, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed. ’

And be it further enacted, That whenever any Mare or Griding which shall have b»cn approved at a Muster made in pursuance of the said Act of the present Session, shall die, or become unfit for Service the I erson before appointed or chosen by Ballot to provide such Mare or Gelding shall be obliged to provide

another Mare or Gelding, which shall be approved in like Manner; and that whenever any Swbilitute shall J7 Geo. III. 3 U'- j:c>

§ 19. of Cap. 6. repealed.

Whenever any Marc, &c. shall die or become unfit for Service, or any Substitute die or be

C. 23. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

discharged, the die, or shall be discharged in pursuance of the said Act, the Person who shall have provided such Substitute Person who pro- ^a|| obliged to provide another Man to the said Service in the Room of the Substitute so dying or dif-Vided them shall c|iarge(j. ant] in every such Case the Person so providing such other Man, or such other Mare or Gelding,

for whlchhc^ shall receive a Compensation, to be settled at a Subdivision Meeting of Lieutenancy in the Manner before rtiall receive directed: Provided always, That where such Allowance shall be made in respect of any Mare or Gelding Compensation. provided under this Act, such Mare or Gelding shall remain under and subject to all the Conditions, Re-w, 1 ftriSh ns, and Regulations, for returning the same, as are contained in the said Act, in the like Cases where

lowance^ali be Allowances are directed to be made by the said Act.

made for a Mare, kc. it shall be subject to the Conditions of Cap. 6.

All Persons charged to the Duties on Horses, until the Men serving under Cap. 6. shall be embodied, shall be liable to be assessed towards Allowances.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Persons charged or to be charged to the said Duties on Horses, in any County, Riding, or Division, at any Time during the Continuance of the said Act of the present Session, until the Men serving in pursuance of the said Act shall be called out and embodied according to the Directions therein contained, although such Persons may not be included in any Class or Gaffes, and although such Persons respectively may serve, or may have provided for the said Service, in the Manner directed by the said Act, shall be liable to be assessed according to the general Estimate to be made in such County, Riding, or Division, towards the Allowances to be made in pursuance of the said Act and of this Act, in Proportion to the Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for which he or she are or shall be charged to the said Duties.

Persons enrolled may, before their Corpf are ordered to l>c drawn out, produce Substitutes.

Whenever the Men are called out, the Deputy Lieutenants,

tec. may dire# the County Receiver General to pay not exceeding 101. in respect of each Substitute,

Volunteers raised under 34

Geo. III. Cap. 31. before Jan.*

1 St I797t if approved and

their Mares, kc.

maybe regifUr-

ed; and if they 1-

mount to 3>4ths

of the Men

to be raised in

the Subdivision under Cap. 6. of the present Session, the

further Execution of that Ail may, in certain Particulars, be fuf-

pended,

Volunteers so registered to be entitled to the like Compenfa-tiens as Persons

chofan by Ballot, kc.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person appointed or cho(en by Ballot, and enrolled to serve by virtue of the said Act of the present Section, at any Time before the Corps in which he shall be enrolled shall be ordered to be drawn out or embodied, to give Notice in Writing of his Intention to resign to any one or more of the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace aSing for the Subdivision for which he shall serve, and to produce a Substitute at the next Meeting to be holden for. such Subdivision after such Notice, who, being approved, shall be enrolled and sworn in the Manner directed by the said Act, and thereupon the Person so resigning shall be entitled to his Discharge, to be made out in Writing under the Hands of any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace aSing as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Men serving under the said Act of the present Section shall be called out and embodied as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, aSing for any Subdivision of a County, Riding, or Division, by an Order in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to direS the Receiver General of the same County, Riding, or Division, to pay to the Commanding Officer of such Men, or other Person appointed provisionally to the Command of such Men, in respect of each and every Person serving for the respective Subdivisions as a Substitute, any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, as the Person for whom such Substitute shall serve shall have contraSed to give to such Substitute, such ContraS being registered with the Clerk of the Subdivision where such Substitute shall serve, within one Month after the Time of his Enrolment in the said Service; and such Receiver General shall forthwith pay the same accordingly out of any Monies in his Hands of the Monies raised by virtue of the said Act, or if he shall not have sufficient of the said Money, then to pay the same out of any Monies in his Hands, or which shall be paid to him of or for any of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, all which Sums so paid shall be allowed to such Receiver General in his Accounts.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if in any Subdivision of any County, Riding, or Division, any Number of Volunteers who shall be formed or raised under the Authority of the said Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, at any Time after the passing of this Act, and before the fifteenth Day of January one thousand fevert hundred and ninety-seven, shall be produced before the Deputy Lieutenants, or before one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, at any Meeting held for such Subdivision within the Time before limited; and if each of such Volunteers shall be respectively cloathed, and shall be provided with a Mare or Gelding fit for Military Service, and shall be, together with their respective Mares or Geldings, approved by such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, in the Manner directed by the said Act of the present Section, it shall and may be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or such Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to cause their Names and Places of Abode to be registered in Books to be prepared for that Purpose, and kept by the Clerk of such Subdivision Meetings; and if the Number of Volunteers to be registered in any Subdivision within the Time before limited shall amount to or exceed three fourth Parts of the whole Number of Men to be raised within such Subdivision by virtue of the said Act of the present Session, the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace there attending, may suspend the further Execution of the said Act of the present Session within such Subdivision, so far as resptcis the making of Appointments, and the taking of Ballots^of Persons to provide Men, and to furnifti Mares and Geldings for his Majesty's Service, and for enforcing their Attendance at Muster; and every Volunteer so registered shall, in all Cases where such Suspension shall take place, be entitled to receive, and shall be allowed, the like Compensation for extra Expences in respect of Cloathing to be provided, or for maintaining and keeping their respective Mares or Geldings fit for Military Service, as determined by the said Act of the present Session of Parliament and this Act is directed to be allowed to Persons cholcn by Ballot to provide for his Majesty's Service under the said Act of the present Session 3 which Allowances shall be settled by the

General

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 23. 07

+ y miu umt in ever y v^aic wntre volunteers mail ue cruerca on inc jjcndii 1

aforesaid, the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of therrt, or any one Justice of the Peace, at any Meeting of such Subdivision, shall, within a reafo

General Meetings of Lieutenancy in the same County, Riding, or Division, and shall be afiefled in the Manner directed by the said Act; and the Monies so payable shall be received by the Deputy Lieutenants, and paid over to the Commanding Officer of such Volunteers, for the Use of such Volunteers, in the Manner therein directed; and that all Rules and Methods for making and collecting Assessmems under the said Act of the present Session shall be applied and extended to the making and collecting the Allessmerits to be paid to the Use of the said Volunteers, as fully and effectually as if the same had been hereby expressly applied and extended thereto.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That although the Number of Volunteers to be so registered within any such Subdivision, within the Time herein limited, shall not amount to three fourth Parts of the whole Number of Men to be raised within such Subdivision under the Authority of the said Act of the present Session, nevertheless it shall and may be lawful for such of the said Volunteers who shall be clnathed and equipped as aforesaid, and who shall be approved, to enter themselves on the Behalf of particular Persons and Oafies required to provide for the said Military Service under the said Act, and to nominate the Persons and Classes for which they are resprctively willing to serve; and the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace there attending, shall cause the same to be registered in such Books as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively to cause the further Execution of the said Act of the present Session to be suspended within such Subdivision, so far as respects the making of Appointments, and the taking of Ballots of the Persons and Classes on the Behalf of which such Volunteers shall enter themselves, and for enforcing the Attendance at Muster either of the Persons enrolled in the said Service by virtue of any Appointments or Ballots taken of such Persons and Classes respectively, or of the Volunteers who shall enter themselves on the Behalf of such Persons and Classes respectively; and every Volunteer so entered shall be entitled to receive, and shall be allowed, the like Compensation for Extra Expences as is herein-before directed to be allowed to Volunteers to be registered under the Authority of this Act; and that in every Case where Volunteers shall be entered on the Behalf of any Persons or Classes as

Deputy Lieutenant and one reasonable Time, proceed within such Subdivision to appoint such Persons, and to choose Persons by Ballots from such Classes only, and to enforce the Enrolment or Attendance at Muster of such Persons only on whose Behalf no Volunteers shall have so entered themselves, unless in the meantime such Suspension thereof as is herein after mentioned shall be directed; and the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively shall forthwith transmit an Account of the Number of Volunteers so entering themselves to the Lieutenant of the same County, F.iding, or Division, who shall transmit the same, without Delay, to his Majesty's Privy Council; and it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Privy Council to direct a Suspension of the further Execution of the said Act within any such Subdivision, for such Time as shall be thought expedient, in order to give a reasonable Opportunity to complete the Quota of such Subdivision by the raising and entering of Volunteers for the remaining Persons and Classes in such Subdivision; and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively acting for such Subdivision, within the Time allowed by his Majesty's Privy Council, to enter any further Number of Volunteers on the Behalf of the remaining Persons and Classes in such Subdivision, and at the End of the Time so allowed to make such Appointments of the remaining Persons, and choose such Persons by Ballot out of the remaining Classes, or to enrol and enforce the Attendance at Muster of Persons before appointed or chosen by Bdliot, on whose Behalf no Volunteers shall then have entered, as shall be requisite: Provided always, that if at the End of the Time so allowed, the Number of Volunteers so entered shall amount to or exceed three fourth Parts of the whole Number of Men to be raised within such Subdivision, then and in such Case no Appointment or Ballot, nor any Enrolment or Muster of Persons appointed or ballotted, or their respective Substitutes, shall take place within or for such Subdivision, under the said Act passed in the present Session of Parliament. teers amount to 3.4th* of the Whole to be raised, no Appointment or Ballot, Scc. shall take place h

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Volunteer so to be registered or entering himself on the Behalf of any other Person or Class as aforesaid, shall continue to be and shall be understood to serve under and subject to the Provisions and Regulations of the said Act of the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and shall be entitled to all and every the Exemptions which any Volunteer entered into any such Corps, at any Time before the passing of this Act, or the said Act of the present Session, may be entitled to, by any Act or Ad\s passed in the present Session of Parliament, but shall not be considered as liable to the Regulations of the said Act passed in the present Session, either to his Attendance at Muster, or to his being drawn out and embodied in pursuance of the said Act, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Non-attendance at such Muster, or Non-compliance with any of the said Regulations, except as to such Regulations as are herein-before provided with respect to the Allowances to be made to such Volunteers under the Authority of the said Act of the present Session, or of this Act.

fast. Cap.

I 39. further fkfptnthng the execution of

Cap. 6.J

Jf the Number of Volunteers (9 registered shall not amount to such 3 4th Part:, they who shall be approved may enter the.i.fci.ves for particular Persons or ClalTei, respcoing whom the further Execution of Cap. 6.

shall be suspended.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, Tffiat whenever the Number of Volunteers registered for any Subdivision shall amount to the Proportion herein-before specified, all and every the Appointments already made, and Ballots already taken or had, in pursuance of the said Act, for such Subdivision, shall be, and are hereby declared to be void.

When the Volunteers registered for any Subdivision

fh .11 amount

to the Proportion herein-before specified, the Appointments made, and Ballots taken for it, shall be void.

3U 2

I

5°8

Where the Appointments and Ba.lois shall not have taken place, they rnay be suspended.

Officers to attend Mutters of Men enrolled, when so med, until embodied, Sc c.

Quakers on producing a Certificate thereof, shall have their Names ttruck out of l.itts, and be fined 20s. for each Horse for which they are charged with Duty.

No Order, &c. to be removed by Certiorari, *c.

Provisions of this Act and of Cap. 6. shall be mutually| applied in the Execution of either.

Act may be altered or repealed this Settion. poji. Lap.

*39-1

Act of present Settion, Cap. 4. recited*

Volunteers raif-cd under the recited Act for the Army may be brought before two Justices, who may cause them to bf

C. 23, 24. Anno triedimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, or one

Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace acting for any Subdivision, where the Appointments and Ballots to be made by virtue of the said Act shall not have already taken place, to suspend the making such Appointments, and taking such Ballots, until the fifteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and inety-seven, or such other Day to which the same shall be postponed by his Majesty's Privy Council, in order that the Provisions of this Act, with respect to the raising of Volunteers, may have their due

Effed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Officers who shall be provisionally appointed by the Lieutenant or General Meeting of Lieutenancy of any County, Riding, or Division, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to the Command of Men enrolled by virtue of this Act, whenever they shall be formed into a Rtgiment, Battalion, or Troop, in pursuance of the said Act, shall attend the Musters which shall be directed to be made of Men so enrolled in their respective Subdivisions, until such Men shall be ordered to be drawn out and embodied, and shall have full Power and Authority to execute the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, in all Things which may lawfully be done by Officers appointed to mutter such Men.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being of the People called Quakers^ shall at any Time on or before the fifteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or at the first Subdivision Meeting which shall be held after the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety*seven, produce, or cause tobe produced, before the Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace acting for the Subdivision where such Person shall be liable to the Service required by the said Act, a Certificate under the Hands of two or more reputable Housekeepers being of the People called Quakers, acknowledging such Person to be of their Persuasion, it shall and may be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, to cause the Name of such Person to be struck out of any List or Class then made, whether a Ballot shall have taken place for such Subdivision or not, and thereupon such Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, are required to fine such Person in the Sum of twenty Shillings for each and every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for which such Person shall be charged to the said Duties, which Sum shall be added to the last AftefT-ment of such Person to the said Duties on Horses, and shall be levied at the next subsequent Payment to be made of any of the said Duties, and applied in such Manner as is directed by the said Act with respect to any Fines thereby imposed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made by any Lieutenant of any

County, Riding, or Place, or by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any one Justice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of the said Act of this present Section or this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, wherein such Order or Conviction was made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of the said Act of the present Session, or of this Act; but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding. 3l

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the ProvKions of this Act shall, in the Execution of the said Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, be used and applied, and construed, in like Manner as if the same Provisions were specially enacted in the said Act; and all and every the Provisions of the said Act shall, in the Execution of this Act, be used, applied, extended, and construed, in like Manner as if the same Provisions were specially enacted in this Act.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raffing a certain Number of Men in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.

[30th December 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties in England, for the Service of his Ma~ \ Jifty 5 Army and Navy, should be explained and amended, in the Particulars herein after mentioned:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Volunteer or Volunteers raised under the said Act for the Army, who shall be approved by the Regulating Officer, may be brought before any two Justices of the same County, Riding, Division, or Place, residing near to the Place of Rendezvous, to be examined touching his Content to enter into such Service; and it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to cause such Volunteer or Volunteers to be attested and sworn in the Manner and according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed (mutatis mutandis)+

attested according to the Form in the annexed Schedule. -r .*

11

1

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 24. 509

I

lO

11

i-

p

1

*1

3*

I

desert before they arrive at Quarters or Ciiatharo, the Parish must provide others, and the Houn-ties of Deserters unpaid may be applied for that Purpose.

Officers to return to the Overseers the Sum received for

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace before whom any such Justices may

Volunteer shall be attested, over and above such Part of the Bounty as shall have been agreed to be paid to or tr> ov‘r such Volunteer on his engaging to serve, to direct and order the further Sum of one Guinea, out of such p'^'J *he Bounty, to be advanced and paid to the Officer or Officers appointed to receive, and who shall receive, such to be paid Vo-Volunteer, to be by him laid out in providing immediate Nccdlaries for such Volunteer. lumecrson en-

SC?' 12. '£ gaginj, one Guinea to the Receiving Officers for Necessaries.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Volunteer or Volunteers who shall be so attested shall dcfcit lf volunteers from his Majesty's Service at any Time before such Volunteer or Volunteers shall have arrived at the Head Quarters of their respective Regiments, if such Regiments shall then be in Great Britain, and if such Regiments shall then be on Foreign Service bef»re such Volunteer or Volunteers shall have arrived at Chatham Barracks, the Parish or Parishes by which such Volunteers were provided shall be liable to provide other fit and able Men in lieu of those who shall so desert, to be raised in the Manner directed by the said Act, within fourteen Days after Notice in Writing of such Desertion shall be given to the respective Overseers of such Parishes or Places by the Officer from whom such Volunteer or Volunteers deserted; and the Bounties agreed to be given to any such Volunteers who shall desert, and remaining unpaid, may be applied for the Purj>ofe of providing other Men in lieu of those who shall desert: Provided always, that the Officer or Officers who shall receive such other Men in lieu of those who have deserted, shall return to the respective Overseers of the Poor of the respective Parishes by whom such Men shall be raised, all Sums received by him or them for the Purpose of providing Necessaries as aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of one Guinea for each such Man; all which Sums of-Money so repaid shall be allowed to such Officer or Officers in his

Or their Accounts., of Deserters, not exceeding a Guinea.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Volunteer raised under the said Act for the Army, OnArnvaiof shall have arrived at the Head Quarters of the Regiment for which he shall be attelled, if such Regiment shall then be in Great Britain, or, il such Regiment shall be on Foreign Service, shall have arrived at Chatham Barracks, it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, in every Case where the Regiment, for which such Volunteer shall be attested, shall then be in Great Britain, and for the Inspector General of the Recruiting Service at CJjatham, in every Case where the Regiment, for which such Volunteer shall be attested shall then be on Foreign Service, and they are hereby relatively required to make out and transmit the Pay Ticket directed to be made out by the said Act (and which Ticket shall be made out in the Manner directed thereby) to the Receiver General of the County where such Volunteer shall have been raised, and such Receiver General shall, and he is hereby empowered to pay to the Order of such Commanding Officer, or such Inspector General, as the Case may require, the Remainder of the Bounty Money agreed to be paid to such Volunteer on his engaging to serve, and then remaining due, out of any Publick Monies in the Hands of such Receiver General; and such Receiver General shall pay the same without Delay, and shall demand Repayment of the same from the County Treasurer who shall have received such

Bounty Money.

V. And be it further enacted, That out of the Bounty Money which any such Officer or such Inspector General shall receive in pursuance of this Act for the Use of any Volunteer, it shall be lawful for them respectively to apply Part thereof, not exceeding three Guineas, to complete the Necessaries to be provided for such Volunteer, in the Manner such Commanding Officer and Inspector General respectively shall think most for the Benefit of the respective Volunteers; and the Remainder of such Bounty Money (if any) shall be advanced and paid to such Volunteers without Delay; and the Officer or Officers who shall have expended any Part of such Bounty Money in providing Necessaries as aforesaid, shall account to such Volunteers how the said respective Sums have been applied and disposed of, which Accounts shall be rendered within a reasonable Time after such Application thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have been already enrolled by virtue of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, or who shall be enrolled by virtue thereof after the passing of this Act, to serve in the Army, shall be delivered by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes for which such Person shall be engaged to serve at the neared Place ot Rendezvous appointed, or to be appointed, for the Reception of Volunteers raised for the Army by virtue of the said Act, within the County, Riding, or Division, for which such Person shall be engaged to serve or if not there delivered, then at the Head Charters of such Regiment, if such Regiment shall be in Great Britain, or if such Regiment shall be on Foreign Service, then at Chatham Barracks; and that no Officer shall be compelled to receive such Person at any other Place than is herein describt d.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Volunteer raised, or to be raised, for the Army by virtue of the said Act, who shall have been delivered to the proper Officer at the Place of Rendezvous appointed for the Reception of Volunteers within any County, Riding, or Division, shall afterwards desert from such Officer or Officers, then the Parish or Parishes for which the Person so deserting shall have been raised, and which shall provide any other Man in lieu of the Person so defecting, shall be entitled to receive the Sum paid to such Deleiter, not exceeding one third Part of such Sum as shall have been agreed to be paid to him as a Bounty at the Time when he engaged to feive, and which shall have been expressed in the Certificate of the Justices of the Peace who shall ha$e attested such Person; and the justices of the Peace before whom such other Man shall be attested, shall, on Production of such Certificate, or a true

thereof, attested by the Justices granting the lame, make an Order on the Receiver General of the County,

Volunteers at Quarters or Chatham, aJ*ay Tiwkei to be transacted to the County Receiver Genera], who shall pay the Remainder of Bounties, and demand the same of the County Trea-furer.

Out of the Bounty, three Guineas may be applied for

NeceflTarh s, and the Remainder paid the Volunteer.

Person s enrolled to be delivered by the Overseers, at the neareil Rendezvous, oral Head Quarter* or Chatham.

If a Volunteer desert after Dc > livery at the Rendezvous, the Parish which shall provide another Man shall receive the Sum paid the De. ferter, not exceeding a Third of the Bounty* 4c.

5io

C. 24

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Volunteers may be removed out of the County for which raised, to Head Quarters or Chatham, and only Part of their Bounty to be paid xill their Arrival.

If Overseers undertake to deliver any Person raised, at Head Quarters or Chatham, they may pay him the Remainder of Bounty.

Parishes delivering Volunteers at Head Quarters or Chatham, «r on board Ship, to receive 4<i. per, for the, from the County Receiver General.

Receipts to be given the Receiver General as his Vouchers, who shall be re-imbursed by the County Treasurer.

Per Tons under 18 to lie 5 Feet 3 Inches, and above 18, 5 Feet

Where the whole Number is not raised for any Pl ce, further Time may be allowed by the General Sessions.

Volunteers may be received on board Ship from Overseers, who may pay them the Whole of Bounties.

County* Riding, or Division, for the Payment of the same; and which Sum every such Receiver General is hereby required to pay accordingly out of any Public Monies in the Hands of such Receiver General. w

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Volunteer who, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be raised for the Army by virtue of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, and entered in any Regiment whose Head Quarters shall not then be within the County, Riding, or Division, for which such Volunteer shall be engaged to serve, it shall and may be lawful to convey such Volunteer out of the County, Riding, or Division, where he shall have been raised into any other County, Riding, or Division, where such Head Quarters shall be, or to Chatham Barracks as the Case may require; and no Part of the Bounty Money for which he engaged to serve, except one third Part thereof allowed by the said Act to be paid to him at the Time of his Enrolment, and the further Sum of one Guinea, allowed to be paid to the Officer for his Use for Necessaries by this Act, shall be paid either to him or to his Use until he shall have arrived at such Head Quarters, or at Chatham Barracks, as the Case may require.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes, for which any Person already raised, or to be raised, for the Army by the said Act is or shall be engaged to serve, shall voluntarily undertake to deliver such Person at the Head Quarters of the Regiment for which such Person is or shall be entered, or at Chatham Barracks, as the Case may require, it shall and may be lawful for them so to do, and to pay to such Person the Whole of the Bounty Money then remaining due to such Person, except such Sums as the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, the Inspector General of Recruits at Chatham, and the Officers appointed to receive such Men at the Places of Rendezvous respectively, shall be entitled to receive for the Use of such Person for providing Necessaries, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of four Guineas, including the Sum of one Guinea directed to be advanced to the Officer at the Time of receiving such Person.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Parish or Parishes which shall cause to be delivered any Volunteer raised or to be raised for the Army, at the Head Quarters of the Regiment in which he shall be entered, or at Chatham Barracks as aforesaid, or shall deliver any Volunteer raised or to be raised for the Navy onboard any of his Majesty's Ships of War, at such Place and Time as is herein-before mentioned, shall, by Order of two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division, where such Volunteer shall have been raised, to be granted on the Certificate of the Commanding Officer at the Head Quarters, or at Chatham Barracks, in respect of Recruits for the Army, and of the Officer having the Command of the Ship, in respe&of Recruits for the Navy, of such his future Officer having received such Volunteer, be entitled to receive an Allowance after the Rate of Four-pence for each and every Mile such Volunteer shall be conveyed, from the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Division, to be paid to the Overseer or Overseers of such Parish or Parishes, by such Receiver General out of any Public Monies in his Hands: Provided that in every Case where any Receiver General is by this Act required to pay any Sum of Money out of any Public Monies, the Person or Persons demanding the same shall give a Receipt for the same, which such Receiver General shall produce as a Voucher for such Payment: Provided also, that every such Receiver General who shall advance any Monies in pursuance of this Act, shall be reimbursed the same by and out of any Monies which shall come into the Hands of the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Division, of the Fines to be paid by any Parish or Parishes for not raising the Number of Men required to be raised by the said Act1, and which shall be directed to be paid to such Receiver General by any Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the said Act; and if such Receiver General shall not receive sufficient of such Monies, then the Deficiency shall be allowed to such Receiver General in his Accounts.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be enrolled to serve in the Army, by virtue of the said Act, who, being under the Age of eighteen Years, shall be under the Height of five Feet three Inches, or being above the Age of eighteen, shall be under the Height of five Feet four Inches.

4 Inches in Height.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by or for any Place or Places, shall not be raised, and a Return thereof made to the Justices of the District at a Petty Sessions, within three Weeks next after Notice of the Order of General Sessions shall have been served, in the Manner directed by the said Act of the present Session, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices, at such Sessions, to allow a further Time for that Purpose, not later than the twentieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, and at the End of such further Time to proceed in the Execution

of the said Act, in the Manner they aie directed to proceed at the End of the first Period of three Weeks

aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Volunteer entered to serve in his Majesty's Navy by virtue of the said Act of the present Session shall, at the voluntary Request of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes for which such Volunteer shall be engaged to lerve, be conveyed by the said Overseers on hoard any of his Majesty's Ships of War, at such Place, and within such Time, as the Regulating OiBcer by whom such Volunteers shall be entered, shall direct, by any Order in Writing signed by him, it shall and may be lawful for the Person taking or having the Command of such Ship to receive such Vo/unteer from the said Overseers of the Poor; and the said Overseers of the Poor may, in the Presence of the Person taking

the Command of such Ship, pay the Whole of the Bounty Money agreed to be paid, into the Hands of Inch

Volunteer, to his sole Use, every such Volunteer giving a Receipt to the said Overseers, which shall be at-

n teftcO

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 24, 25.

tested by the Person then taking the Command of such Ship, in Token of his having received such Volunteer into the said Service.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of the said Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, be used and applied, and construed, in like Manner as if the same Provisions were specially enabled in the said Act; and all and every the Provisions of the said Act shall, in the Execution of this Act, be used, applied, extended, and construed, in like Manner as if the same Provisions were specially enacted in this Act.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Provisions of thlt

Act and Cap. 4. may be applied in the Execution of cithcfl.

Act may be altered or repealed this Sc0ion.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of ATTESTATION.

Ido make Oath, That I am by Trade a

and to the bast of my Knowledge and Belief was born in the Parish of in the County of and that I have no Rupture, nor ever was troubled with Fits; and that I am no

Ways disabled by Lameness, or otherwise, but have the perfect Use of my Limbs; that 1 am not an Apprentice, nor belonging to the Militia, nor to any other Regiment, nor to his Majesty's Navy, or Marines; and that I voluntarily enlisted myself at, in the County of the

Day of to serve his Majesty King George the Third, as a Private Soldier, in the

' Regiment, commanded by, or in such other Regiment wherein I

shall be required to serve during the Continuance of the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End of the War, if the Regiment in which I shall be serving shall be in Great Britain, or otherwise for the Space of one Calendar Month next after its Arrival in Great Britain.

As Witness my Hand, at - this Day of

Witness present

N.B. The Justices Certificate, (according to the Form No. 8, annexed to the Act of the present Session, in this Act mentioned,) to be subjoined to the Attestation.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex.

[30th December 1796.]

WHEREAS ^is expedient to vary the Mode of Yaifing the Militia within and for the Liberty or District of the Tower Division, in the County of Middlesex, commonly known by the Name of the Tower Hamlets Be it therefore enacted by the King’s raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Constable of the Tower, and Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets for the Time being, and in the Absence of the said Constable or Lieutenant out of the Kingdom, or in case of Vacancy of the Office of Lieutenant, the Deputy Lieutenants of the said Hamlets, authorized by his Majesty, or any three or more of them for the Time being, or the major Part of them, assembled at any Public Meeting or Court of Lieutenancy to be called for that Purpose and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised such Persons within and for the said Tower Hamlets, in such Manner as in and by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part <?/Great Britain called England, is directed with respect to the several Counties, Cities, and Places, in the said Act named; and that from and after the passing of this Act, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, or by any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, and also all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any such Act or Acts, shall be applied, practised’ and put in Execution, with respect to the Militia to be raised within and for the said Hamlets, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been expressly enacted in and by this Act, save and except all such Matters and Things as are herein after otherwise declared and provided; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, the several Powers and Authorities given, granted, and contained, in’an Act nailed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, so far as the same are repugnant to this Act, shall aolonec°r be applied or put in Execution with jefpedt to the said Tower HamUts. - 8

I

Constable of the Tower, and Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, Sec, may arm and exercise the Militia of the Hamlets according to 26 Geo. III. Cap., 107. the Provisions of which shall extend to them. )

13 and 14 Car.

if Cap. 3. so far as repugnant to this Act, not to be applied to the Tower Hamlets.

512

Men to b? raised in the following: Proportions. [Total iizo. fojt. Cap.

75. for embodying tbit MifutJ.]

Constable, &c. to ap|>oint a Clerk and Mtffengtr, and Officers who have been approved by

AGeneral Court of Lieutenancy to be held.

Resident* in the Hamlets and Peace Officers subject to the like Duties, Sec as in Counties at large.

When embodied, his Majesty may put one Regiment under the Command of General Officers to be l d to a certain Di fiance.

Constable, &c. may continue to raise Trophy Mcney.

Qualification of Officers.

C. 25. Anno tricesimo septimo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1796.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Men to be raised for the Militia of tta said Tower Hamlets, out of and from the several Parishes, Hamlets, Manors, Precincts, and Liberties, within the same, shall be respectively as follows; (that is to say,}

For the Parish of Saint Mary, White Chapel, one hundred and thirty-two.

For the Parish of Christ Church, seventy-eight.

For the Liberty of Norton Falgale, thirty-one.

For the Precinct of the Old Artillery, eleven. w., ’

For the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, one hundred and fifty-five.

Far the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, eighty-four.

For the Parish of Saint Mathew, Bethnal Green, one hundred and twenty-tw^.

For the Hamlet of Mile End, New Town, twenty-two.

For the Hamlet of Mile End, Old Town, fifev-seven.

For the Parish of Saint Leonard, Bromley, fix.

For the Parish of Saint Mary, Stratford le Bow, twenty-two*

For the Hamlet of Poplar and Black wall, twenty-six.

For the Parish of Saint Ann, twenty-six.

For the Hamlet of Ratcliff, forty-four.

For the Parish of Saint Paul, Shadwell, seventy-one.r f Jjj?

For the Parish of Saint George, one hundred and ten. y t

For the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, forty-five.;

For the Manor or Liberty of East Smithfield, forty-five.

For the Precinct of Saint Catherines, eleven. " J* Ktfh

For the Liberty of the Tower JVithout, five. /: v

For the Parish of Trinity, Minories, eight.

And for the Precinct of Well Close, nine.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Constable, and Lieutenant, and in his Absence, or on any Vacancy as aforesaid, three or more Deputy Lieutenants, at a public Meeting as aforesaid, may and shall appoint a Clerk and Messenger, and also such Militia Officers as have been usually appointed for the said Hamlets, the Names of such Officers having been first presented to and approved by his Majesty.

the King. '

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Constable, or Lieutenant of the said Hamlets, or in his Absence, the Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to hold a General Court of Lieutenancy, for the said Hamlets, on the second Tkurjauy next after the passing of this Act, for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly into Execution.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons refilling within the said Toiuer Hamlets, and all High and Petty Constables, Headboroughs, and other Peace Officers, of and for all and every Part of the said Hamlets, shall be subject to the like Duties, Restrictions, Penalties, and Punishments, as Persons residing in the several Counties at large, and the Peace Officers acting within and for the same, are by any Laws now in being, relating to the Militia Forces, subject or liable to.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Militia shall be drawn out and embodied, one Regiment thereof shall remain within the said District of the Tower, called the Tower Hamlets, for the Defence and Preservation thereof; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty to put the other Regiment of the Ud Militia under the Command of such General Officers as his Majesty shall be pie3fed to appoint, and to dirrdl the said other Regiment to be led by its respective Officers into any Parts of this Kingdom, not exceeding the Distance of twelve Miles from the Tower of London, or to the nearest Place of Encampment, Barracks, or Quarters, beyond the said Distance of twelve Miles, for repelling and preventing any Inva-fton, and for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection within the Realm of Great Britain.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Constable, or Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them respectively as aforesaid, to continue to raise and levy in every Year, the Proportion of one Month’s Assessmeny of Trophy Money within the said Hamlets, as he or they have been used to do by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Estates requisite Tor the Qualification of the Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia for the Tower Hamlets shall be as follows; (that is to say,) Every Deputy Lieutenant shall be seised or possessed, either in Law or Equity, for his own use and Benefit, in Ptuleliion, of a Freehold, Copyhold, or Customary Estate for Life, or for the Life of his Wife, (she having a f reehold, Copyhold, or Customary fciflate for her Life,) or for some greater Estate, or of an Etlare tbr feme long Term of Years, determinable on one or more Life or Lives, or of an Estate for a Term ur'gim^Y granted for twenty-one Years or more, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in any Part of the Kingdom called Great Britain, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds; a Colonel shall be, in like Manner, seised or possessed d a like f fcjc

as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person whom*",

in

5[ 3

A

tricesimo septimo G

5

H

in like Manner, be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of six hundred Pounds;

' r 1 i-. t\ it Le seised or possessed of a like Estate

vi «.v jva,.j mub vi mv uuuu.wu *uui.W) v. ...at. ..Jr Apparent of a Person who shall, in like Manner, be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds; a Major or Captain shall, in like Manner, be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or shall be Son of a Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds; a Lieutenant shall, in like Manner, be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of six hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of one thousand Pounds, or shall be the Son of a Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, or who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, possessed of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of one thousand Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds; an Ensign shall, in like Manner, be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifteen Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of two hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of four hundred Pounds, or shall be the Son of a Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner, seised or possessed of & like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds, or who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, possessed of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of five hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of one thousand Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That a Person possessed, either in Law or Equity, for his ownUfe and Benefit, in Possession, of an Estate for a certain Term, originally granted for twenty Years or more, of an annual Value (over and above all Rents and CharjgesLpayable out of or in respect of the same) equal to the Value of such an Estate as is required for the Qualification of a Deputy Lieutenant and Commissioned Officer of the Militia respectively, shall be and is hereBy deemed and declared to be sufficiently qualified to act in the Execution of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be appointed to be Deputy Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets aforesaid, or be appointed to a higher Rank in the Militia, than that of a Lieutenant, until he shall have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace for the Liberties of the Tower, or (in his Absence) t? his Deputy, a specific Description in Writing, signed by himself, of his Qualification, dating the County, Parish, or Place, in which the Estate or Estates which from [form] his Qualification is or are situate; and the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall transmit to the Lieutenant of the said Hamlets, a Copy of such Description; and no Commission granted after the passing of this Act, for a higher Rank in the Militia than that of Lieu* tenant, shall be valid, unless it be declared in the Commission that the Officer to whom the Commission is given, hath delivered in his Qualification as above directed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for the Liberties aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby required to enter the Qualification transmitted to him, according to the Directions of this Act, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and to cause to be inserted in the London Gazette, the Dates of the Commissions, and Names and Ranks of the Officers appointed, together with the Names of the Officers in whose Room they shall be appointed, if the Case shall require the same, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army are directed to be published from the War Office; and he is hereby authorized to charge the Expence of such Insertion in the Gazette for each Commission, to the Treasurer for the Time being of the County of Middlesex, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and every Deputy Lieutenant and Commissioned Officer, not having already taken and subscribed the Oaths, and made, repeated, and subscribed the Declaration as required by the Laws in Force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, shall, at some General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin-within six Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the Oaths appointed to be taken by an Act, pasted in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Prot eft ants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, mrtA his open and secret Abettors; and also determined by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance; and for amendingfo much of +n jffl of the /event h Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for Improvement of the Union % of the Two Kingdoms,* as, after the Time therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain Lifts and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High Treason, or Mi/prijion of Treason; and shall also make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration in the said Act of the first Year of King George the First, directed to be made, repeated, and subscribed, by all Officers, Civil and Military.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, or Majors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific Description of his Qualification as is herein-before required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Captains, hot being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific Description of his Qualification as is herein-before required, every fcich Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; one Moiety of which said several Penalties shall go the Use of his Majesty, his Hein and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Person

37 Geo. III. -3 X who

Eftatr3 granted for 20 Years, of annual Value equal to those require d ^r Qualifications, ful-ficient.

No Rank superior to Lieutenant to be given till the Qualification be delivered to the Clerk o£the Pcaoe, &c*

Clerk of the Peace to enter Qualifications In a Roll, and insert Dates of Commissions, Sec, in the Gazette.

Deputy Lieutenants, &c. within six Months to take the Oaths prescribed by I Geo. I. Cap. 13. and 6 Geo. Ilk Cap. 53. and subscribe the Declaration required by 1 Geo. 1. Cap. jy

Penalty on unqualified Persons, or who have not delivered in their Qualifications, for acting, &c.

5*4

C. 25.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Prosecutions so be heard and determined by the General Quarter Sessions for the Tower Liberties.

Peace Officers to obey the Order of the justices of the isaid Li

Justices may aft* though they are Deputy Lieutenants or Officers.

Appeal may be made to the General Quarter Sessions, within three Months, giving ten Days’ Notice.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, or removeable into any Court.

24 Geo. II.

Cap. 44. to extend to this Act.

who shall sue for the same; and in every such Action, Suit, or Information, the Proof of his Qualification shall be upon the Person against whom the same is brought.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Indictments and Prosecutions for any Offence committed within any Part of the said Tower Hamlets, relating to the said Militia Laws, or to any Offence committed against this Act, or in disobeying the Order or Orders of the Justice or Justices of the Peace herein after mentioned, shall be preferred before, and heard and determined by the Justices assembled at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said Liberties of the Tower, or the major Part of them so assembled, and not elsewhere; which said Justices are hereby empowered to hear and determine the same, and to make and give such Order and Judgment therein, and to influSt such Punishment in consequence thereof, as in the like Cases by Law'is now used or directed; and all High and Petty Constables and other Peace Officers, of and for all and every or any Part of the said Tower IIa?nlets, are hereby directed and required to execute all and every Order and Orders of the said Justices, in all or any of the Premises aforesaid. SR#

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Summons, Warrant, Conviction, Order, Judgment, or other Matter or Thing, in the Execution of this Act, or of the said Militia Laws, be so made and done by the Justice and Justices of the Peace for the Tower Liberties, who are hereby empowered and directed to hear and determine the same, and to make such Summons, Warrant, Conviction, Order, Adjudication, and Judgment therein as to Law doth appertain, all and every the High and Petty Constables, and other Peace Officers aforesaid, are hereby directed to obey the Order of the said Justice and Justices therein.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Liberties may ad in the Execution of the Premises aforesaid, notwithstanding he may be a Deputy Lieutenant of the said Hamlets or Officer in the said Militia; and that any such Justice of the Peace for the said Liberties of the Towery dwelling or being within the said Hamlets, may Act for the said Liberties irt the Execution of this Act, or in any other Case whatsoever relating to the said Militia Laws at any Place within the said Hamlets. JcflRsJ

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves ag-

grieved, by the Act of any Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the said Liberties, or any Adjournment thereof, within three Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall arise, such Appellant first giving ten Days Notice in Writing to the Justice or Justices by whose Act or Acts such Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, of his, her, or their Intention to appeal, and at the same Time entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of ;the Peace for the said Liberties, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; which said Justices at or in such Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, or at any subsequent Sessions, upon due Proof of Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall and are hereby empowered to hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, and to make such Order and Orders therein as the said Justices shall think necessary; which said Determination shall be binding, final, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that no Proceedings to be had or taken by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed or removeable into any Court by Certiorari, or other Writ or Process whatsoever.

4

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Statute made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his

Plaintiff not to recover Costs, ror more than than Twopence Damages, where Injury was

[Public Act.]

Central Saving.

and other Persons whatsoever, acting under the Authority or in the Execution of this Act, or inanywife aul-Lng or assisting the rein.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any Action or

Suit brought, after Notice shall have been given pursuant to the said Statute, and it shall not appear to the Court that the Injury complained of was maliciously done, the Plaintiff' shall recover no Costs, nor more than Two-pence Damages.

not maliciously done. >' V*f*

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and be taken Notice of, and allowed in all Courts whatsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

XX. Saving always, to the King’s most excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to the Constable or Lieutenant of the said Hamlets for the Time being, and the Officers and Ministers of the same, cr of any Part thereof, and to the Governor of the Fort of the Tower for the Time being, and the Officers and Ministers of the same, and to all other Person and Persons whatsoever, all Jurisdictions, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, and Immunities whatsoever, belonging r;r heretofore used or enjoyed.

CAP.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 26, 27

5*5

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport

Bills, that shall be issued in future.

[30th December 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and 4 y, Xransport Bills:* May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Bill issued by or under the Authority of the Commissioners of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices respectively, shall be made payable on a certain Day, to be expressed in each particular Bill, which Day shall not be later than three Calendar Months from the Date of such Bill; and that every such Bill shall carry an Interest after the Rate of Three-pence Half-penny per Centum per Dieniy which shall commence from the Date of the same, and shall be paid at the Time when such Bill shall become payable; any former Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding-

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by way of Loan, pursuant to an Act of the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to dire3 the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentioned5 and for granting further Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

[30th December 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for enabling his Majesty to di re it the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentioned, reciting that, in Consideration of the heavy Losses which had been sustained in the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents, in consequence of the late Insurrections, it was expedient that his Majesty should be enabled to direct Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued to Commissioners, to be by them advanced under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for the Assistance and Accommodation of such Persons connected with or trading to the said islands, as should be desirous of receiving the same, on due Security being given for the Repayment of the Sums so advanced within a Time to be limited, his Majesty was enabled by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at his Majesty's Exchequer in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas IAues in Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, have been made in pursuance of the said Act, whereby great Benefit and Relief have been afforded, not only to the Persons who have received the same, but such Advantages have been communicated generally to the Owners of Plantations and Estates in the said islands, and to other Persons connected in Trade therewith; but the Proprietors of Estates in the said islands, from the long Continuance of internal Troubles therein, have not yet been enabled to restore their Estates to a productive State, and many Proprietors of Estates, and other Persons trading to or connected with the said islands, have by reason of the unexpected Continuance of such Troubles, been prevented from procuring and proposing the Securities or Sureties required by the said recited Act, so as to entile them to apply fora Loan of Exchequer Bills under the same: And whereas, from the present Condition of the said islands of - Grenada and Saint Vincents, it is expedient to continue and enlarge the Powers of the said Act, and to extend the Times for the Repayment of the Amount of the said Exchequer Bills already issued, upon the Terms and Conditions, and in Manner herein after specified :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable Henry Hobart, the Right Honourable Charles Townshend, Sir It'll Ham Pulteney Baronet, Sir John Sinclair Baronet, the Right Honourable Sir Grey Cooper Baronet, Edward Simeon, Ebenezer Maitland, John JViPiiam Anderson, William Curtis, CJjar/es Grant, George Dorrien, Robert Hunter, Thomas Plummer, Gabriel Tucker Steward, and Benjamin Savage, Esquires, being the present acting Commissioners under the said recited Act, and who are severally authorized by, named in, or appointed under the Powers contained in the said recited Act, shall be and are hereby constituted Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to whom such Exchequer Hills have been issued in pursuance of the said recited Act, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and who respectively (h ill be desirous of enlarging or extending the Time limited by the fad Act for such Repayment, to make Application to the said Commissioners hereby appointed for any Enlargement or Ex ten lion of the Times limited for such Repayment, not exceeding two Years from the T. ¥ 3X2- respective

Nary, VifttiaJ. liny, and Transport BilL, to be made payable not later than three Months after Date, with Thrcc-pcoce Half-penny per Cent, per Day Interest.

35 Geo. III. Cap. 127. recited.

Commit oners.

Persons may apply to the Costtnussioners to have the Time of Repay! mvnt of ExcheA

5l6

quer Bills issued under the Act, 35 Geo. III. Cap. 127. extended.

Commissioners to determine on the Sufficiency of Sureties and 'Securities*

Sureties willing to remain so for Repayment of Loan at the Expiration of extended Times, to signify to the Secretary their Consent in the following

Form.

Commissioners

full m et to receive Applications for Extension of Times

C. 27.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796

respective Times when the several Instalments are now payable by the Provisions of the said recited Act, and to offer to the said Commissioners, Security for the due Payment of such Instalments, at or within such-enlarged or extended Times, (either by continuing, in the Manner herein after mentioned, the Sureties or Securites already liable or pledged for Repayment of the Amount of the said Bills and the Interest thereon, or by procuring or making further or other Sureties or Securities, of the Nature and Quality specified in the said Act, or this Act*, or by all or any of those iVIeans, as he or they may be able to give or effect; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, to judge of and determine upon the Sufficiency of such Surety or Sureties, Security or Securities, to be given for securing the Repayment of such Sums, at the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times, in like Manner as they are enacted by the said recited Act* to do with respect to the original Sureties or Surety, or Securities or Security, directed to be proposed, given, and made, previous to the Advance or Issue of any Exchequer Bills under the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons or Person who now are or is, or at the Time of any such Application shall be, liable as Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of any such Loan or Advance, at the Times limited by the said herein-before recited Act*, and who shall be willing to remain Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of such Loan or Advance, at the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times, and who shall be approved by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, shall signify their Consent to remain such Sureties or Surety, by subscribing their or his Names or Name to a Writing, to be left with the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Time being, in the following Form; (that is

to say,)

WHEREAS the

rtX

(fu

mentioned; did, on the Day of advance to the Sum of

in Exchequer Bills, who thereupon entered into and executed a Bond to his Majesty in the penal Sum of

conditioned for Payment of the said Sum of with Interest at the Rate of

five Pounds per Centum per Annum, by three several Instalments, according to the said Act*; and the several Persons hereunder mentioned as Sureties for the said entered into, and executed Bonds to

his Majesty for the several Sums of Money set opposite their respective Names hereunder written, conditioned for Repayment of the said Sum of and the Interest thereof, in Manner aforesaid:

And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Powers given by the said Act*, and for extending the Times limited by the said Act, for the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance of the same, the said Commissioners, upon the Application of the Persons who have received Advances of Exchequer Bills under the first mentioned Act*, and upon such Security and Consent being given to and deposited with the said Commissioners

payment of the Amount Times w

|T *- len the several

Instalments are made payable by the said first mentioned Act: And whereas the said applied to the said Commissioners to extend the Time for the Payment of [the Whole of the said Loan in Exchequer Bills, or the first, second, or third Instalments thereof, as the Case may be] for the Space of from the Time [or respective Times] when the lame became payable, according to the first mentioned Act, and proposed that the Persons whole Names are hereto subscribed, shall consent to

remain as Sureties for Payment of the said Sum of with Interest at the Rate of five

Pounds per Centum per Annum, at the said extended Period or Periods], in like Manner as they now stand liable for Payment thereof, with Interest, by Instalments, according to the first mentioned Act*: Now these Presents witness. That we, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, do hereby severally and respectively declare, that the said Application and Proposal, so made to the said Commissioners by the said

as aforesaid, were made with our Privity, Content, and Approbation; and we do hereby consent and agree, that the Bonds already executed by us for the respective Sums set opposite our respective Names, at the Foot hereof as aforesaid, shall remain and continue as a Security for Repayment of the said Sum of with Interest thereon at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, at the said extended

Period or Periods], in like Manner as the same now stand, as a Security for Repayment thereof by Instalments, according to the said first mentioned Act; and we further consent and agree, that the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty to grant to toe said the said Extension of Time

w

ecunty already received for the lame, or upon any

Witness our IfittitnH

for Payment, either upon the

Securities, as they in their Discretion shall think fit to accept.

Day of { '1

And every such Consent, so subscribed and delivered, shall be binding upon the respective Sureties or Surety <b signing the same, their, his, or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, in like Manner as such reljiec-tive Sureties or Surety were or was by the original Bonds or Bond entered into Oy them or him, bound for the Repayment of such Loan or Advance at the Times thereby limited for the Repayment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That within seven Days next after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, the Commissioners who shall have taken the Oath prescribed by the said herein-before itcited Act, or some five or more of them, shall meet to receive, or to appoint a proper Person or Persons to receive, all such Applications in Writing as shall be made to them for fueft Enlargement or ExtenJwn of the Times for

10 the

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 27.

the Repayment of the Amount of such Exchequer Biils, or any of the Instalments thereof and shah also fix proper and convenient Days for the Purpose of taking into Consideration all such Applies tiro s and shall meet together for that Purpose, and proceed to take into Consideration all such Applicai'ons. as shall spec ly the Times to which such Payments are required to be extended, (not exceeding the Limits herein-before mentioned,) and which shall tender any Security, which the said Commissioners are authorized as if:>r« fauJ to take for the due Payment of such Sums of Money, at or before the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times, and which shall allofpecdy the Nature, Quality, and Amount thereof; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, from Time to Time, on inquiry into the same rtlpeihvely, determine upon the Sufficiency of the Securities so tendered.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons or Person, making such Application to the said Commissioners, shall not, previous to or upon any of the said Instalmen»s becoming due and payable under the said recited Act, be prepared to tender such sufficient Sureties or Surely, or Securities or Security, f *r the Purposes herein mentioned, as shall by the said Commissioners be deemed requisite, it shad^nd may be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any five or more of them, to grant to such Persons or Person such further Time for the procuring and tendering such Sureties or Sc-curifies (not exceeding the Limits herein after mentioned) as they in their Discretion shall think fit to allow; and in the mean Time, and until the Expiration of the Time so allowed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid, such Parties respectively shall not be deemed or taken to have made Defrult ir Payment of such Instalment of the said Loan under the said recited Act, nor shall any Process, Suit, or other Proceeding, be issued, commenced, or had, nor any Warrant for the same granted against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon or in rrl'ped of any Securities or Security made, assigned, or deposited for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, or otherwise, for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Payment of the said Loan, or any Part thereof.

VI. Provided always^ and be it further enacted, 'I hat in case such Application shall be made t the said Commissioners for the Enlargement or Extension of the Time limited for the Payment of the hrft Instalment, payable under the said recited Act, and the Persons or Person making such Application shall not be prepared to tender such sufficient Sureties or Surety, Securities or Security, as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall not allow to such Persons or Person any longer Lime than three Months, to be computed from the fifth Day of ‘January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the Purpose of procuring and tendering such Sureties or Surety, Securities or Security; and in case such hrft Instalment shall have been duly paid, and such Application shall be made for the Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Payment of the second and third Instalments, or either of them, then the said Commissioners shall not allow any longer Time for the Purposes aforesaid than three Months, to be computed from the respective Times of Payment of the said second and third Instalments respectively, as limited by the said Act; and any Grant or Allowance by the said Commissioners, to any Persons or Person making such Application, of any longer or further Time for the Purposes aforesaid, than as herein-before mentioned, shall be wholly void and of none Effect. *- PSj

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, who shall make such Application to the said Commissioners for the Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of the Amount of any Exchequer Bills advanced under the said recited Act, or any Instalment thereof, and whose Applications and Proposals shall be approved by the said Commissioners, shall forthwith enter into such additional Bond or Obligation, Bonds or Obligations, and in such and the like Penalties as were required by the said recited Act upon the original Advance or Issue of the said Exchequer Bills, and with such original or new Sureties (if any) as shall be approved by the said Commissioners for the due Repayment of the Amount of such Exchequer Bills, at or before the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times, and shall deposit, or cause-to be deposited, in the Hands of the said Commissioners, or of such Person as they shall appoint to receive-the fame, all such further or other Securities as shall have been tendered by the said Parties respectively, and approved by the said Commissioners, and shall pay such interest on the said Loan, and in such Manner, and* within such Tjme, as herein after directed; and from and after the Execution and Delivery of such Bonds, and the signing of such Consent by the original Sureties as aforesaid, and the Deposit of Inch further Securities (as the Case may be) and the Payment of such interest as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to grant and allow, in Manner herein after mentioned, to such Parties respectively, such Enlargement or Extension of the rimes of Repayment of such Loan as they the said Commissioners shall, in their Discretion, think proper, so that the same be made payable by such instalments as herein after mentioned; (that is to lay,) one third Part of the said principal Sums with the interest then due for the same, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum Per Annum, on or before the fifth Day of January otic thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; one third Part thereof with hfce interest on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the Residue there »f with like interest, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred; and such Parties respectively to whom the said Commissioners shall allow such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Payment of the said Loan, shall not be deemed or taken to have made Default in Payment of the said Loan in Manner duelled by the said recited Act. nor shall any Process, Suit, or other Proceeding ne issued, commenced, or bad, nor any Warrant for the same granted against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon or in respect of any Securities or Security made, assigned, or deposited, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, or otherwise, in order to recover

x r or

5'7

for Repayment of Oitfl., &iul

fix Dfor tak.n,; th m into Confident tion: anilihail determine on buffu.cney of the Svcunt.es.

Co nuffiorers n«) g»ai t to Ferlouinot pre-p.»rc»1 to tender iuffici«n» sureties, previous to or upon In-. flalmerit becoming due under recited Act, further Time;

but not beyond. three Months from Jar uary

5, 797tOr

from me f ,me lor a 1 Tic n 1 o t tin feco. u and third inflal-. mints.

Persons tbwhom:

Times for Repayment of

Loan shall be cxttrded, to-enter mto additional Bonds, fee.

Commissioners-

may gram to such Persons Exiension of Time> 01 Re-

payment by In-ftaiments, One—

third on January 5* *7991 One third on

to, and the ting One-

i-

5l8

Commissioners to certify their Allowance of such Extension hi the following

Form.

Copies of Certificates to be entered in the Commissioners Books.

Before receiving Certificates, the lmereft of Loans to be paid.

Remedies of the Act 35 Geo. III. Cap. lay- for compelling Repayment of Exchequer Bills, to continue where I

His Majesty may empower the Treasury to direct Exchequer Bills to be made out /or .600,000l. to the Commissioners.

C. 27. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

or compel the Repayment of the said Loan, or any Part thereof, until the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which the said Commissioners shall think fit to grant or allow any such Enlargement or Extension of Time for the Repayment of such Loan, or any Instalment thereof, they the said Commissioners shall certify such their Allowance by a Writing under the Hands of any five or more of them, in the Form following; (that is to say,)

WHEREAS the Commissioners named in and appointed under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner 'therein mentioned\ did, on the Day of advance to the Sum of in Exchequer Bills, who thereupon entered into and executed a Bond to his Majesty,

in the penal Sum of conditioned for the Payment of the said Sum of with

Interest, by Instalments, according to the said Act- And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Powers given by the said Act, and for extending the Times limited by the said Act for the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance of the same, the said Commissioners are authorized, upon the Application of the Persons who have received Advances of Exchequer Bills under the first mentioned Act, and upon such Security and Consent being given to and deposited with the said Commissioners as is mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, to extend the Time for Repayment of the Amount of fuel) Exchequer Bills, not exceeding two Years from the respective Times when the several Instalments are made payable by the said first mentioned Act: And whereas the said applied to the said Commissioners to extend the

Time for the Payment of [the Whole of the said Loan in Exchequer Bills, or the first, second, or third Instalments, as the same may be\ for the Space of from the Time [0r respective Timesj when

the same became payable according to the said first mentioned Act, and hath given Security for Payment thereof at such extended Period, which hath been approved by five or more of the said Commissioners: Now we, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, and Se*ds affixed, being five of the said Commissioners, do, in pursuance of the Directions contained in the said last mentioned Act, certify, That we have granted and allowed to the said the further Time of for Repayment of the

laid Sum of from the Time [or respective Times] when the same became payable according to the said first mentioned Act. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

And such Certificates shall be delivered to the respective Parties to whom such Allowance shall be made, and a Copy or Minute of all such Certificates or Allowances shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Commissioners for that Purpose.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person to whom such Enlargement or Extension of Time for the Payment of the said Instalments, or any or either of them, shall be granted or allowed under the Powers and Authorities herein-before given for that Purpose, shall, previous to receiving the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the same, pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Commissioners, or such Persons or Person as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, Interest for the Whole of the said Loan, or so much thereof as shall remain due or unpaid at the Time when such Grant or Allowance shall be made; such Interest to be paid, in case the Whole of the said Loan shall remain due and unpaid, within three Months, to be computed from the fifth Day of January one thouUnd seven hundred and ninety-seven; or if any of such Instalments shall have been paid or satisfied before such Grant or Allowance, then within three Months from the Time when the next accruing Instalment is made payable in pursuance of the said recited Act.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the said Act herein before recited, and all Remedies thereby provided for recovering or compelling the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued and advanced under the same as aforesaid, shall continue and be in full Force as against all Persons, and in all cases, where the Time for Repayment hath not been enlarged and extended according to the Provisions of this Act.

he Tillies have not been extended. e,

XL 4 And whereas Exchequer Bills to the Amount of nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds only, hav- ing been hitherto issued under the Powers and Authorities given by the said herein before recited Act, and it being expedient to grant further Relief to Persons connected with, and trading to, the said Islands of 1 Grenada and Saint Vincents \ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s most excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now or (or the mie

being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer (or the Time being, out of any granted for the Supply of the present Year, to cause or direct to be issued and paid, at the Receipt of Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred thousand Pounds to the Commissioners hereby appointed, to be by them advanced and paid from Time to Time for the Accommodation of such Persons connected with, and trading to, the said Islands, or either of them, as shall be dchrmis thereof, upon such Security, and under such Rules and Regulations, as are herein mentioned

contained;

A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sept

C. 27

519

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to lend or advance, apportion or distribute, to and amongst any Persons connedied with, or trading to, the said islands of Grenada and Saint Vincentj, or either of them, (whether such Persons or Person shall or shall not have hitherto received any such Loan or Advance by Means of the Exchequer Bills already issued,) all or any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money to be issued under the Authority of this Act, under the like Terms and Conditions as are specified and prescribed by the said recited Act, with refjiedf to the Blue and Advance of the Exchequer Bills thereby authorized, except as to the Time stipulated for Repayment thereof; and that instead thereof the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be advanced and lent by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, shall be repaid without Deduction or Abatement, together with Interest for the same, by Instalments as herein after is mentioned; (that is to say,) one third Part of such Sum or Sums shall be repaid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England at their Office, together with Interest for the same, at and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Ainumy on or before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; one other third Part thereof, with like Interest, on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and the Residue thereof, with like Interest, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred; such Interest to be computed on the said Sum or Sums from the Time of such Loan to the respective Times of Payment thereof as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon any

Application made to them for any Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, to take from the Parties or Patty making such Application, not only such Securities as they are by the said Act herein-before recited authorized to take for the Repayment of such Loan, but also to take, at their Discretion, as a Security for such Repayment, any Mortgage or Mortgages upon any Plantations or Plantation, Estates or Estate, Lands, ~ Hereditaments, in the said Blands of Grenada and Saint Vincents, or either of them, which

Tenements, or

55:

tions and Provisions herein after declared respecting the same); and such Parties respectively shall make such Mortgages or Mortgage to the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Time being, and shall deposit all such Title Deeds, Papers, or Writings, of or relating to such mortgaged Premises, as they the said Commissioners shall require, in such Manner and Form as the several Securities enumerated in the said herein-before recited Act are directed to be made and deposited; and shall also execute to such Persons or Person as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, a Warrant of Attorney to confess, in the Names of such Mortgagors respectively, Judgment in any Actions or Action of Ejqdlment to be brought in the proper Courts of the said islands respectively, for recovering the Possession of the said mortgaged Premises; and such Judgments shall be forthwith entered up of Record in the proper Courts of the said islands, and no Writ of Error or Appeal shall be or be allowed from such Judgment.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not accept or take any such Mortgages or Mortgage of any such Plantations or Plantation, Estates or Estate, Lanas, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the said islands, or either of them, as Securities or Security for the Repayment of any such Advance or Loan, unless the Persons or Person who, at the Time of the making such Mortgages or Mortgage, shall be the Consignees or Consignee of the Produce of such Premises respectively in Great Britain? shall also become Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of the whole Amount of such Advance or Loan, and the Interest thereof.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not accept or take any such Mortgages or Mortgage of any such Plantations or Plantation, Estates or Estate, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the said islands, or either of them, as Securities or Security for the Repayment of any such Loan or Advance, unless such Premises shall be free from any other Incumbrances or Incumbrance, or (in case such Premises shall be subject or liable to any exilling Incumbrances or Incumbrance) unless all and every prior Incumbrancers or Incumbrancer shall join in the Mortgage thereof, for the Purpose of securing the Repayment of such Loan or Advance as aforesaid, foas to make the Claim or Demand of the said Commissioners in respect thereof payable out of the said mortgaged Premises, in preference to all

other Incumbrances or Demands thereon.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any such Mortgages or Mortgage of any such Plantations or Plantation, Estates or Estate, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall not be deemed or taken as Efficient Securities, or a Efficient Security, for any Sum of Money exceeding the fair average Value of the Produce of such Premises in two Years. ‘L'§ M (" 1

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Default shall be made in the Repayment of all or any Part of such Loan or Advance, for which any such Mortgage shall be accepted or taken by the said Commissioners, as a Security, (but not otherwisej it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Attoinies or Attorney to be appointed for that Purpose, by the proper Proceedings in the said islands upon the Judgment so to be entered up as aforesaid, to take Possession of ail or any Parts or Part of the said mortgaged Premises, and by Sale or Mortgage of the same, or a competent Part thereof, to raise and levy such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to repay all Monies due upon or in respect of such Loan or Advance’, and the Interest thereof, and all Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings; and the Monies so recovered (the Costs and Charges aforesaid excepted) shall be paid and applied in Reimbursement

Satisfaction of the Sum due upon or in respect of fudi Loan or Advance, in like Manner as the Sums

Wfl of

Commissioners may advance Money issued under this Act, under the Conditions of the Act 35 Geo. JII. Cap. 127. except as to Timet of Repayment, which shall be as lie lore spect* hed.

Commissionert may take as Security Mortgage* upon Plantations, Arc. with Warrant* to confess Judgement, &c.

Mortgages not to lie taken on* Jess the Con. signecs of the Produce in Great Britain become Sureties;

nor unlefrtbe Premises be freed from any other incumbrances, Sc c.

Mortgages not 10 be taken as

Security for Sums exceeding, the average Value of the Produce in two Years.

If Default be made in Repayment of Loans, the mortgaged

Premises may be fold.

520

Receipt of Attornies appointed by the Commissioners, a sufficient Discharge.

Attornies to give Security, and become liable as Accountants.

Commissioners Co have the same Powers as under the Act 35 Geo. III. Cap. 127.

Sureties satisfying Loan to have the same Remedies x against the Principals or Co-sureties as under the Act 35 Geo. III. Cap. 127. and Mortgages taken by the Commissioners to remain as Securities for Reimbursement of such Sureties.

Obligations taken by the Commissioners, &c. not liable to £tamp Duties.

C. 27, 28. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

of Money to be recovered under the Proceedings authorized by the said recited Adf, in Default of Payment, are thereby directed to be paid and applied; and the Receipt of such Persons or Person as the said Commit* sioners, or any five or more of them, shall nominate and appoint, as their Attornies or Attorney, in the said Islands, or in Great Britain, shall alone be a full and sufficient Discharge to such Mortgagees or Purchasers, or Mortgagee or Purchaser, for the Monies or Money advanced on Mortgage, or for the Purchase Monies or Purchase Money of the respective Premises, so mortgaged or fold; and such Mortgagees or Purchasers, or Mortgagee or Purchaser, shall not be bound to fee to the Application thereof, nor shall be liable, or in any Manner accountable, for the Misapplication or Non-application of such Monies or Money by the Attornies or Agents of the said Commissioners, or any of them; and the Attornies or Agents, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall give Security, by Obligations to his Majesty, with such Sureties as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall approve, duly to account to the said Commissioners for, and to pay to the Cashiers of the Bank of England, when and as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct or appoint, all such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall recover or receive, under or by virtue of such Appointments, after deducing all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall or may be incurred in the Recovery thereof, and the Commission or Compensation to be paid or allowed to such Attornies or Agents for their Trouble; which Costs, Charges, Expences, Commission, or Comj^enfa-tion, shall be examined and allowed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, in such Manner, and to such Extent as they, in their Discretion, shall think fit; and the said Attornies or Agents, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall alone be Accountants to his Majesty for such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall recover-under or by virtue of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers and Authorities, with respect-to any Parties applying for Relief under this Act, (either for the Enlargement or Exten-fion of the Times of Repayment of any Loan already advanced, or for any Loan to be advanced under the Authority of this Act,) and the Sureties and Securities tendered by such Parties respectively, and shall have all such Remedies for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Repayment of any Loans or Advances already made, the Times of Repayment of which shall or may be enlarged or extended by the Authority of this Act, or of any Loans or Advances to be originally made under the Authority of the same, as are given to the said Commissioners, and provided by the said recited Act, in respect of any Persons applying for Relief under the same, and the Sureties and Securities tendered by them, or in respect of any Default in Repayment of the Loan authorized by the same Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person consenting to remain Sureties or Surety for any Parties or Party to whom such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of Loans advanced to them as herein-before mentioned shall be allowed, or becoming Sureties or Surety for any Person or Persons to whom any such Loan shall be originally made by the Authority of this Act, their or his Executors or Administrators, shall pay or satisfy such Loan, or any Part thereof, or the Interest thereof, or any Costs or Charges incurred in recovering or compelling Payment of such Loan, or any Part thereof, such Sureties or Surety shall have all such Remedies as against their or his Principals or Principal, and their or his Co-sureties or Co-surety, (if any,) as are provided by the said recited Act, for the Benefit of the Sureties of the Persons obtaining a Loan of Exchequer Bills under the said Act: And, moreover, all and every such Mortgages or Mortgage as shall be accepted or taken by the said Commissioners, under the Authority herein-before given to them for that Purpose, as Securities or Security for any Loan or Advance to be made under the Authority of this Act, shall stand and remain as Securities or a Security for the Reimbursement to such Sureties respectively, their Executors and Administrators, of the Whole of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be paid and satisfied by them as such Sureties, and shall and may be enforced and rendered available, by and under the Authority of the said Commissioners, in like Manner, 3nd with the same Force and Effect, as is herein-before provided, for the Purpose of recovering Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money that shall or may be advanced by the said Commissioners, upon the Security of such Mortgage or Mortgages under and by virtue of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Obligation to his Majesty taken by the said Commissioners under this Act, nor any Consent signed by any Sureties or Surety for the Purposes herein-before mentioned, nor any Promissory Note to be given to the Secretary of the said Commissioners, as a Security for the Re* payment of the Amount of any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, Deposition, or Receipt, taken or made under or by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

Cap. xxviii. tit

An Act to remove Doubts respecting Promissory Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for Payment of Sums of Money under Five Pounds.

[3d March 1797.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the Publick Service, and for the Convenience of Commercial Circu- lation, that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England should issue Promissory Notes, payable to Bearer, for Sums of Money under five Pounds f now, to avoid any Doubt concerning the Validity thereof, be it enacted by the Kind’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 28 - 31.

of the same, That all Promissory Notes, and other Notes for Payment of Money, which, since the second Day of Afarch one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, have been, or which hereafter shall be blued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, payable to Bearer, notwithstanding the same shall have been, or shall be, made and issued for the Payment of any Sum of Money under the Sum of five Pounds, shall be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, in like Manner as if the same had been made and issued for the Sum of five Pounds, or upwards; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person concerned, or who has acted in, or who shall or may be concerned or act in,* the making, uttering, publishing, or negociating, such Notes, shall be subject or liable to any Penalty or forfeiture whatsoever in respect thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to alter, vary, or repeal, this Act, or any Part thereof, in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Guinea Port, in the Parish of Saint Breach, in the County of Cornwall, to Dunmecr Bridge, in the Parish of Bodmin, in the said County; and also a certain Collateral Cut from Cotton Wood, to or near to Ruthcrn Bridge, in the said Parish of Bodmin.

[3d March 1797.]

CAP. XXX.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grantham Canal Navigation, to finish and complete the same, and the Collateral Cut to communicate therewith; and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cut.

[3d march 1797.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to enable the Left India Company to Capital Stock, and to extend the Provisions of the Company to the said increased Stock.

raise Money by further increasing their now exilling respecting the present Stock

[7th March 1797.]

WHEREAS the Affairs of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies require a permanent Advance of a considerable Sum of Money beyond what the said Company can raise under the Powers now vetted in them by Law; and it is expedient that such Money should be raised by an Increase of their Capital Stock :* May it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the Time being, from Time to Time, and at any Time or Times hereafter, to open Books and receive Subscriptions from an^ Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for enlarging their present Capital Stock or Fund of six Millions of Pounds to any Sum or Sums, not exceeding the further Sum of two Millions Capital Stock, so that their whole Capital Stock shall not exceed the Capital Sum of eight Millions; which said additional Capital Stock shall from Time to Time be subscribed and paid for at such Rate for every one hundred Pounds of such Stock as the Court of Directors of the said United Company, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time, being, or any three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct; which said Subscriptions shall be made, and the Money for the said additional Stock shall, from Time to Time, be paid, in uch Manner and Form, and by such Instalments and Proportions, as the said Court of Directors, with such Content and Approbation as aforesaid, shall appoint; and the Capital Stock so subscribed and paid for, shall, from and after the Time of such Payment, be deemed, considered, and taken, as and for a Part of the Capital Stock of the said Company; and the said Subscribers, fron\ and after the Time of making full Payment for the said additional Stock, and their respective Executors or Administrators and Assigns, shall at all Times be deemed and rejujted to be Members of the said United Company, and incorporated therewith, and shall be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all and every the Profits, Benefits, Privileges, Advantages, and Immunities, and be subject and liable to all and every the Regulations, Rules, and Orders, where to the iu Stockholders and Members of the said United Company, in respect of the Stock held by and belong-to them, are respectively entitled, subject, and liable unto by any Act or Acts of Parliament^ Charier, or e-Lw, or otherwise howsoever; and the said additional Stock shall be transferrable and assignable in the like Manner, and the Proprietors and Holders thereof shall hold their respective Shares of the said nddi ional Stock in like Manner, as the respective present Stockholders of the said Company now do, and hereafter M hold and enjoy the respective Sums now belonging to them in the present Capital Stock of the said dCompany, and the same shall in all Respects be consolidaicd and united as one Joint Stock.

521

All Notes issued by the I ank af.

t r March z, 1797, I or Sums under 51. shall be valid.

No Person making or negotiating such Notes liable to Penalty-

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

Cap. 94-

The Company, with Cor tent of the I rca%ry may acd z,coc,0 cl. to th-.ir Cup. tal Stcck.

Subscribers to be incorporated with the Company.

52 2

C. 31.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company shall and may,

from Time to Time, make and pay the like Dividends to the Proprietors of the said additional Stock as they now do, and hereafter shall and may make and pay to the Proprietors and Holders of the present Stock of the said United Company; the first of which said Dividends shall commence from such Time as shall be specified in the Proposals or Terms to be offered for the said Subscription, by the said Court of Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid. SS

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to give the Option and Preference in subscribing for the said additional Stock, to such Persons as shall hold the said Company's Stock at the Time or Times of such Subscription as aforesaid, as far as and not exceeding the Amount of fifty Pounds per Centum on the Capital Stock, which shall then be held by each Stockholder so subscribing, for all such Sums as they shall subscribe, on or before a Day to be named by the said Court of Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid; and in case the Subscriptions made by them, on or before such Day, shall exceed the Sum proposed to be sold at that Time, a proportionable Deduction shall be made from each Subscription; and if such Subscription shall, on the Close thereof on such Day as aforesaid, fall short of the Sum proposed to be sold, the Deficiency shall be disposed of to other Persons, as the said Court of Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit. 4

The like Dividends to be paid on the additional a> on the present

Stock.

Preference to be {riven to present Proprietors, not exceeding 50 1. per Cent, of their

Capital.

Utheir Subscriptions be more than sufficient, a proportionable Deduction to be

made j and if less, the Deficiency may be supplied by others.'

The additional Stock, with Consent of the Treasury, may be sold to one or more Persons.

F

Receipts to be given for Depo-fits, which may be assigned, &c.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or restrain the Court of Directors of the said United Com-

any, by and with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, from agreeing with one or more Person or ’ersons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of the Whole of the said additional Capital Stock, or for such Part or Parts thereof, as they shall from Time to Time think fit, and find it necessary and proper to fell; but it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to contract for and agree to fell the Whole, or any Part thereof, to one or more Person or Persons.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as reasonably may be after the Dc-posit or first Payment shall be made for the said additional Stock to be subscribed for the said Company's Cashier or Treasurer shall give a Receipt for the same, and so from Time to Time as future Payments shall be made; which said Receipts shall be assignable and transferrable by Indorsement thereon; and when the Iaft Payment shall be made on the said additional Stock to be subscribed for as aforesaid, the Holder of such Receipt, on delivering up the same, shall have his or her Name entered in proper Books to be kept by the said United Company for that Purpose, with an Account of the Capital Stock belonging to each Proprietor in like Manner as the Accounts of the present Proprietors of India Stock are kept.

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case any Sub/criber or Subscribers*

after having subscribed, shall fail in making all or any the Payments agreed at the respective Times for such Payments, then and in every such Case the said United Company shall and may take in Subscriptions for, and fell the Stock subscribed for by such Defaulter, to any other Person or Persons; and all Deposits and Payments made by such Defaulter, previous to such Default, shall be forfeited to and become the Property of the said United Company. - 'I

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guar-

dian or Trustee having the Disposition of the Money of any Infant, to subscribe and pay for the said additional Stock, or any Part thereof, upon the Terms and Conditions contained in this Act; and such Infant, upon the Payment of such Sum or Sums by such Guardian or Trustee, shall be entitled unto the Stock so subscribed and paid for on his Account, and to all Advantages in respect thereof, in like Manner as any other Purchaser or Subscriber; and the said Guardian or Trustee, as to the Sum or Sums advanced by him, shall be, and is hereby discharged in respect thereof, so as the Name of such Infant shall be expressed in the Receipt or Receipts for such Money. £ I,

VIII. And whereas, by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. intituled, An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British ‘7lr-

\\\^ 4 ritories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishingfurther Regu-

4 f It /> ( r\n i f Ina (nisi I/)m// 4 h st 11 /% # yi 1 f r v t A.*., j. Am

Deposits of Defaulters to be forfeited.

Guardians may subscribe for Infants.

33 Geo III.

Cap. 5z. §§ in#

enacted, That, during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to the said Company, the Net Proceeds of their Sales of Goods at Home, with the Duties and Allowances arising by private Trade, and all other Profits of the said Company in Great Britain, after providing for the Payment of Bills of Exchange then already accepted by the said Company, as the same should become due, and for the current Payments of other Debts, Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the said Company, (their Bond Debt always excepted,) /hould be applied and disposed of in the following Manner; (that is to say,) first, in the Payment of a Dividend alter the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the present or any future Amount of the Capital Stock of the said Company, the first Half-year’s Payment thereof to commence and be made at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; secondly, in Payment of five hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, the same to be set apart oil the first Day of March and the first Day of September,

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31.

half-yearly, in equal Portions, and applied in the Discharge of Bills of Exchange drawn or to be drawn in India, for the Transfer or Remittance of the Debts of the said Company from thence to Great Britain, for the Diminution of such Debts, until the same should be reduced to two Crores of Current Ru- pees, or two millions of Pounds Sterling; thirdly, in Payment of a Sum not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds in every Year into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied as Parliament should direct; and that, until the said Debts in India should be reduced to the Amount of two Crores of Current Rupees, or two millions of Pounds Sterling, the ultimate Surplus which should remain of the said Net Pro- ceeds, after such Payments thereout made as aforesaid, should and might be from Time to Time fct apart and applied in Augmentation of the said Fund or Annual Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds a Year, thereby appropriated for the Reduction of the said Debts in India, in and for the Reduction thereof by the Discharge of any further Bills of Exchange to be drawn from thence either for the Transfer and Remittance thereof to Great Britain, or for Loans of Money to be borrowed on the Credit of any Bills of Exchange which should be granted by the Order of the Court of Directors to any greater Amount than was therein before limited or directed in that Behalf, or otherwise it should be lawful for the said Court of Directors to apply any Part of the said ultimate Surplus of the said Net Proceeds in the Payment of any Debts of the said Company in Great Britain, (the Bond Debt therein mentioned, or one million five hundred thousand Pounds only excepted,) or to the Purchase of any Goods, Wares, or other Merchandize, to be disposed of in India or China,

and to appropriate the Produce thereof in and towards the more speedy Diminution of the said Debts in India; and that when and so soon as the said Debts in India should have been reduced to the Amount therein before limited in respect thereof, and the Bond Debt in Great Britain to one million five hundred thousand Pounds, the Surplus of the said Net Proceeds, after providing for the current Payments of Interest,

and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences, of the said Company, and of a Dividend after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum on the said Capital Stock, and the said Annual Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds to be paid into the Exchequer, and after making good all former Deficiencies in the said Annual Payments, otherwise than was provided by the said Act, should be applied and disposed of in the Manner following; (that is to lay,) one sixth Part of the said Surplus, computed and adjusted to the first Day of March in every Year, should be reserved and retained by the said Company for their own Use, and applied in Augmentation of the Dividends on their Capital Stock, and that the Residue of the said Surplus should be fct apart, and from Time to Time paid by the said Company into the Bank of England, within the first Week in April in each Year, to be there placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled An Aflforvefling certain Sums in Commissioners, c at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied in the Reduction of the National Debt, until the Monies so paid, together with the Sums arising by the growing Interest thereof, should have amounted to twelve millions of Pounds Sterling; and that, from and after such Payments, together with the Money so arising by the said growing Interest, should have amounted to the said Sum of twelve millions of Pounds Sterling, the said Surplus should be, from Time to Time, paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and be there placed to the Account of the Consolidated Fund, as the Property of the Public, in full Right: And it was thereby further enacted, that the Governor and Company of the Bank of Enfifand should raise, and keep an Account with the said Commissioners in their Books, to be intituled, The Account of the Guarantee Fund of the United Company of Merchants of England* trading to the East Indies; and that as well all such Monies as should be paid by the said United Company to the said Governor and Company, by virtue of that Act, as also the annual Dividends or Interest to arise therefrom, in Manner by that Act provided, should be placed to the said Account, and should be severally and respectively, under the Order and Direction of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, laid out and inverted in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Purchase of Capital Stock in any of the redeemable Public Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, the same to be transferred to the said Commissioners, on account of the said Guarantee Fund in the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and that the Dividends payable thereon, should from Time to Time be received by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners: And it was thereby further enacted, that when and after the Monies paid by the said United Company to the said Governor and Company of the Bank, together with the Monies received for Dividends on the Capital Stock of Annuities purchased there- with, and with the Proceeds thereof, should have amounted to twelve millions of Pounds Sterling, the Divi- dends of the said Capital Stock of Annuities should, in preference to any other Disposition thereof, be sub- jedt and liable to make good to the said United Company, for and during such Time as they shall continue to trade with a Joint Stock, any Deficiency or Deficiencies in their own Funds, applicable to the Payment of the Dividends in the said Act mentioned of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Capital Stock of the said United Company, if any such Deficiency should happen in such Payment or Payments; and that when there should be no such Deficiency, or being such after the same should be made good out of the said Dividends, such Dividends, or the Surplus thereof, should be deemed to be the Property of the Public, and should be paid, when and as often as the same should arise, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be there carried to the Account of the Consolidated Fund: And it was further enacted, that the Capital Stock of Annuities wherein or in the Purchase whereof the said Sum of twelve millions of Pounds Sterling should be inverted pursuant to the Directions of that Act, should be deemed and considered as a Guarantee Fund for the better securing to the said United Company their Capital Stock, or the Value thereof, such Value being always computed for that Purpose after the Rate of

524

3

tricesimo sept

97

As the Stock shall be in-created, the Guarantee Fund, mentioned in the Act 33 Geo. III. Cap. 52. be also increased.

33 Geo. III. Cap. 52- $ 124

recited.

Dividend of 10 s. per Cent, payable under recited Act, out of the separate F und, to be paid out of the Pirfits of the Company.

m

two hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of such Capital Stock; and that if at the Time of the Right and Title of the said United Company to the said whole, foie, and exclusive Trade (limited as in the said Act is mentioned) becoming determined, their own Funds and Assets, Real and Personal, should be in- sufficient to pay and Tatisfyall their just Debts, and to make good to the said Company their said Capital Stock, or the Value thereof, computing the same after the Rate of two hundred Pounds for every one hun- died Pounds of the said Stock, that then the said Capital Stock of Annuities, or Guarantee Fund, should be deemed and considered, as far as the same should or might extend for that Purpose, to be, in the first Place, and before any other Application thereof, subject and liable to make good to the said Company and their Creditors the Deficiency fp arising in their own Funds and Efledls for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the said Capital Stock of Annuities, or the Surplus thereof, after making good such Deficiency (if any such there should be) should remain and continue as a Guarantee Fund, for the better securing the Capital Stock of the said United Company, or the Value thereof, rating the same as aforesaid, after such Determination of their whole, foie, and exclusive Trade, for so long Time as they should continue to trade with a Joint Stock, and subject thereto; and after making good all such Deficiencies, the said Capital Stock of Annui- ties, or so much thereof as should then remain, should be and be deemed the Property of the Public; as by the said recited Act may appear: And whereas it is just and expedient that, after the Stock of the said Company shall be increased, the said Guarantee Fund should be also increased, so as to give the Proprietors of the said increased Stock the same Security and Benefit as the Proprietors of the present Stock of the said Company are entitled to: Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from Time to Time when and as the said Company’s Stock shall be increased, the said Fund, in the said recited Act, called The Guarantee Fund, shall also be increased, by the Means and in the Manner in which the said Guarantee Fund of twelve millions of Pounds Sterling is to be raised, so that the same may amount to the Sum of the Capital Stock of the said Company, computing the same at such Rate as in the said recited Act is mentioned; and the said Guarantee Fund, so increased as aforesaid, shall be subject unto and a Security for such Payments, and shall be applied in the same Manner in every Respect, to all Intents and Purposes, as the said Guarantee Fund is directed to be paid and applied, so as to secure and make good to the Creditors of the said Company any Deficiency of their Funds for the Payment of Debts, and also any Deficiency to the Proprietors of the said increased Stock, as well as the Proprietors of the present Stock of the said Company, of the said Dividend of ten Pounds per Centum, and of the Value of the said Stock, at the Times and under the Circumstances in the said Act mentioned, rating such Value at two hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds Capital Stock, as in the said Act is mentioned.

IX. And whereas, by the said Abl made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty * taking Notice of a Fund separately belonging to the said United Company, and therein called The Company's separate Fund, it was enacted, that the said separate Fund, or the Monies constituting the same, should continue in the Hands of the said Company, bearing Interest, and be employed in their Trade, subject to the Payment of such Dividends as were therein-after specified; and that the said separate Fund, wirh the growing Interest thereof, should be divided and distributed in the Manner therein aftei mentioned, and in no other Manner whatsoever, that is to lay, that after Payment should be made by the Company into his Majesty's Exchequer of the two first Instalments of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds each, which by force and virtue of that Act would become due from the said Company to the Public on the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, respectively, or otherwise, after setting apart a luftkient Sum for such Payments, (which said Payments were duly made agreeable to the Provision of the said Act,) it should be lawful for the said Company, out of the said separate Fund, and the Interest or growing Income thereof, to make and declare a Dividend or Dividends after the Rate of ten Shillings per Centum per Annum on the present or any future Amount of their Capital Stock, which said Dividend or Dividends should be paid and payable to the said Company over and above any other Dividend or Dividends which should become due in respect thereof;

and that v.fter the Expiration of the further Term thereby granted in the said exclusive Trade, it should be lawful for the saul Company to retain and dispose of what should then remain of the said Company’s separate 4 I. und, or of the Monies constituting the same, and the Interest or other Annual Proceeds thereof, in such Manner as they should then think fit: And whereas the Payment of the said Dividend of ten Shil!ings/vr 4 fJentum to the Proprietors of the said increased Stock out of the said separate Fund as in the said recited Ablis mentioned, will exhaust the same long before the Expiration of the Term of the said exclusive Trade, to the Injury of the prefenc Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, who would thereby be deprived of such Dividend for the Remainder of the said Term, and in regard the Money to be raised by the said increased Stock is for the mutual Benefit of the Public and the said United Company, it is fit that the said Dividend should be considered as a Charge upon the said Trade ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, I hat the said Dividend of I'en Shillings/ter Centum, which under the Authority of the said recited Act will be payable to the Proprietors of the said increased Stock out of the said separate Fund, shall be paid to them out of the Annual Profits of the said Company, in the same Maimer, and at the same Times, as the Dividend of ten Pounds per Centum in the said Act mentioned is to be paid to the Proprietors of the Stacc of the said Company; and for that Purpose a Sum equal to the Amount of such Dividends shall, from Time to Time) be debited to the Annual Account, as a Charge on the said Trade, and carried to the Account of the said separate Fund; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. AdJ

A.D. 1797.

tricesimo sept

C. 31

35

525

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act Public Act *, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

15 Geo. III. Cap. 51.

17 Geo. lir. Cap. 30. re* cited: and suspended, so far as they reiate to making void Notes under 5l. payable on Dc. mand to Bearer* till May 1,1797: [by Cap. 61. till gfuly 8: and by Cap. 120. till

Cap. xxxir.

An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for reflra'vning the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

[loth March 1797.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to refrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part s/*Great Britain called England :*And whereas another Act was passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further re- framing the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas it is expedient, that the said Acts should be suspended for a certain Time, so far as the same may relate to any Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings, made payable on Demand Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, so far as the same relate to the making void of Promissory Notes, or Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof, for any Sum of Money less than the Sum of five Pounds in the Whole; and also to restrain the publishing or uttering and negotiating of any such Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings as aforesaid, shall, from and after the second Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be, and the same is hereby declared to jfxTretks after be, to all Intents and Purposes, suspended until the first Day of May next. commencement of the ensuing Session.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act maybeal-

Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. tered or repealed this Session. Sec Cap. 6r, j*o.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person liable to the Payment of any of such Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, as may be issued in pursuance of this Act, shall neglect or fail to make full Payment in Money of the Sum or Sums for which such Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, shall be respectively given or issued, or so much thereof as shall be or remain due thereon respectively, by the Space of three Days after Demand thereof made by the Holder or Holders of such Notes,

Draughts or Undertakings in Writing, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Division, or Place, where the Person or Persons rc-foeclively so refusing to pay any of such Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, as la(l aforesaid, shall or may happen to be or reside, and such Justice or Justices is or are hereby required, upon Complaint made by the Holder or Holders thereof, to summon the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint shall be made, and after his, her, or their Appearance, or in Default thereof, upon due Proof upon Oath, (and which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered to administer,) of such Summons or Warning having been given, such Justice or Justices shall proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint, and award such Sum to be paid by the Person or Persons. respectively liable to the Payment of every such Note, Draught, or Undertaking in Writing, to the Holder or Holders thereof, as shall appear to such Justice or Justices to be due thereon, together whh such a Sum for Costs, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings, as to such Justice or Justices shall leem meet; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay or satisfy such Sum of Money as upon such Complaint as aforesaid shall be adjudged, upon the same being demanded, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Party so neglecting or refilling as aforesaid, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner. -

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion \ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. -fSre port. Cap.

LH < fc [ roth March 1797-J 4T, J

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

[24th March 1757.]

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for appointing Commisti owners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Set vice of the ear one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fveru.

[24th March 1797.]

If Notes are not paid with* in three Days after Demand, a Justice may order Payment with Costs; and on Neglotf may cause the same to be levied by Distref (Extended to Ji-vtn Days, Cap. 61.J

0

9

CAP.

526

C. 36, 37. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

I See 6 Geo. III. Cap. 96. 10 Geo. If I. Cap. 102.

15 Geo. III. Cap. 2a 16 Geo. III. Cap 3?.. 26 Geo. III. Cap. 33.J

23 Geo. III. Cap. 39.

24 Geo. III. Cap. 45.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the 7rent to the Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal from and out of a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, at or near Endon, to or near the Town of Z^£, in the County of Stafford; and also a Reservoir for supplying the feverM Canals of the said Company with Water.

[24th March 1797.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

[27th March 1797.]

\ \7 WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

‘ An Act for preventing certain instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United c States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce bet ween the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States; which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, "for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America," to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned; the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, 4 so far as the same might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said last mentioned Act has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and also that the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign should be further continued:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried or T between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and that the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and no longer.

23 Geo. III.

Cap. 39, so far as relates to the Commerce between this Kingdom and the United States of America, and 24

Geo. III. Cap. 45, to continue in force till April 5, 179S

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of any Place, bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported from hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which (bail hereafter be in’force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted to be imported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States of America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or t>y Order of his Majesty in Council; the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commodities shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, belonging thereto.: 1

Articles from any Place bordering on the Baltic, which may be exported from this Kingdom, ifexported contrary to Law, and Goods imported from the United States of America, and not permitted by Law% and also Goods imported from those States contrary to Law, to l c forfeited.

How Forfeitures are to be recovered and applied.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act shall and may be fad for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof dispoted of, paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the Produce thereof shall be dispoted of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usag?, to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37, 38, 39.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and no longer.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called

England^ for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

[27th A/Iarch 1797.]

527

Afl to continue in force till April 5, 1798 5

but may be repealed this Session.

Act of present Session, Cap. 5, recited;

and so much thereof as directs the Number of Men to be raised for the County and the City of Aberdeen, repealed.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His JMajeJlfs Army and Navy.

[27th March 1797.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns,

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of his Majestf s Army and Navy, should be altered, explained and amended:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act, as directs one hundred and fifty-four Men to be levied for the County of Aberdeen, and thirty-two Men for the City of Aberdeen, including the Parish of Old Alachar, shall be and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That for the County of Aberdeen, including the Whole of the Parish of Old ^Icn

Machar, there shall be levied one hundred and fifty-nine Men* and for the City of Aberdeen twenty-seven tht county 3rd Men. the City of Aberdeen.

III. And be it enacted, That in case the said City of Aberdeen shall have raised thirty-two Men as directed J* tllc. c.!ty by the said Act, and delivered them over to the Regulating Officer, five of that Number shall be added to -^en/the^ those appointed to be raised by the said County; and the said County shall refund to the said City the Expence incurred in raising the said five Men, to be calculated at the average Rate of the Expence of raising the said thirty-two Men, but not to exceed the Sum of twenty-five Pounds Sterling for each Man.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs two Men to be levied for the Town of Melrofi, in the County of Roxburgh, and two Men for the Town of Newton, in the County of JPigton,

shall be and is hereby repealed; and that for the Town of Alelrofe, and the Villages of Danielton, Darnick,

Bridgend, Gattenfide, and Newfied, there shall be levied two Men; and for the Town of Newton Douglas

tWO Men. Newton repealed, and another Apportionment made;

V. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs five Men to be levied for the Town of *s also for Jedburgh, in the County of Roxburgh, shall be repealed; and that for the said Town of Jedburgh there shall be levied three Men, and that the remaining two Men shall be levied for the said County.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as imposes the Number of eight Men upon the Town of Thurso, in the County of Caithness, shall be repealed; and that the Number of three Men be raised by the said Town of ThurJ0, and the remaining hve by the said County of Caithness^M

Expence of five to be refunded by the County.

So much of Cap. 5. as relates to the Number of Men to be raised for Melrose and

Jedburgh;

and Thurso.

% Act in such t^ales as equal and impartial as poiiiDie; out uouots naving arnen wnemcr me junsces

authorized to apportion the Number of Men to be raised by each Parish otherwise than according to

Proportion which the Valuation of each Parish bears to the Valuation of the whole County;’ be it thercl

VII. And whereas by the said Act, the Trustees or Magistrates respectively are authorized and required to

divide and apportion Bounties, Fines, and Penalties, among the Inhabitants of any County or Place, in such

Manner and by such Rule as to them shall seem most expedient, and as may render the Operation of the said Act in such Cases as equal and impartial as possible; but Doubts having arisen whether the Justices aie

the

_nadled and declared, That the Justices of the Peace, when apportioning the Number of Men to be raised by each Parish, Town, Burgh, Village, or Place, if it shall appear to them, from the Lists of inhabited Houses or otherwise, that any Town, Burgh, Village, or Place, should be rated with a greater Number of Men than according to the Valuation of the said Parish, the Justices are hereby authorized to fenarate the said Burgh, Town, Village, or Place, from the Parish to which it belongs, and to apportion such a Number of Men upon such Burgh, Town, Parish, or Place, as to the said Justices may feein just and reasonable; and where the justices have already acted in Manner aforesaid, their Proceedings and Orders are hereby declared legal and

valid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every Certificate granted to a Person enrolled in virtue of the said Act, or a full and true Copy thereof, signed by the Regulating Officer, shall in all Cases be transmitted along with the Person enrolled, and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, or of the Ship, Tender, or Vessel of War in his Majesty's Service, in which such Person shall be enrolled or en-HSE i " I f. 7 '., tered

Justices may (e pa lute any / Place from its Parish, and rate it as to them shall seem just. [tocCaf. 5.

§ 9*]

Certificates to

be delivered with Persons enrolled to the Commanding

Officers of the

528

Regiments or Vfffch, who

fluJl in a limited Time make out Tickets for Payment of Eounties remaining due, which shall be paid agreeably to Cap. 4. of the present Sc if]on.

Time for which Persons enrolled shall be liable to serve.

Persons enrolled accused of Ca-. jiital Crimes, dec. to be delivered over to the Civil Magistrate.

Penalty on Officers for refuting to deliver them oyer.

Persons enrolled i>ot to be taken out of the Service but for a criminal Matter. Returns to be made in the following Form.

C. 39.

1;

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

tered to serve; and such Commanding Officer shall, within four Days from the Time of such Person being admitted into any Regiment, or before such Volunteer shall be compelled to go out of the County for which he shall serve*or from the Time of such Person’s joining such Regiment, which shall first happen, or from the Time of such Person being mustered and rated on board any such Ship, Tender, or Vessel, and before such Ship or Vessel shall proceed to Sea, as the Case may be, make out a Ticket or Tickets for the Payment of the Bounty Money agreed to be paid to such Person on his engaging to serve, and then remaining due, and which shall be expressed in the Certificate granted in that Behalf, in such Manner as if such Bounty Money had become due to such Person on account of Arrears of Pay as a Private Man in such Regiment, if such Person shall enter into the Army, or on account of Wages as a Landman or Seaman on board such Ship or

paid to such an Act passed in the fevsral

Counties of England, for the Service of his Majesty's Army and Navy, and shall be reimbursed to the Person so paying the same, by the Collector of the Ccfs for the particular Shire, Stewartry, Burgh, or Town.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled by virtue of the said first recited Act, and in-lifted into any Regiment or Independent Company of his Majesty's Army, shall be liable to serve therein during the Continuance of the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End of the War, if the Regiment or Independent Company, in which such Person shall be serving, shall be in Great Britain1, or otherwise for the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Arrival of such Regiment or Company in Great Britain \ and that every such Person entering into the Service of the Navy, shall be liable to serve therein during the Continuance of the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End of the War, if the Ship on board which such Person shall serve shall be in any of the Ports of Great Britain, or otherwise for the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Arrival of such Ship in any such Port.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled in his Majesty's Service, by virtue of the said first recited Act, shall be accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate. or Property of any of his Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land, the Officer or Officers having the Command of such Party is and are hereby required to use his or their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Mag’strate, and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in flizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial; and if any such Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over such accused Personto the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding or assisting to the Officers of Justice in apprehending such Offender, every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County where the Faftis committed, by the Oath of two creditable Witnesses, shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service, provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being. - .’1

XL. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall be enrolled in his Majesty's Service, in virtue of the said first recited Act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process whatever, other than by some criminal Process for some criminal Matter, punishable by the known Laws of the Land.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forms of Enrolment and of the Return which the Justices of the Peace and other Officers are required to cause to be made and returned of the Number of Men levied for his Majesty's Service, together with the other Particulars by the said first recited and this Act directed, shall be made in the following Form:;

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39, 40.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be enrolled, and any Dispute shall arise between his Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers and such Servant, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant for or on account of his Service, performed bef re the ime of such Enrolment, or to such Time as he shall be obliged to quit the Ser vice of his said M fter, Mistress, Empoyer or Employers, it shall and may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place where such Matter, Mistress, Employer or Employers shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Sei vant. or any other Witness or Witnesses touching the same, and to make such Order for the Payment ot so much Wages to such Servant in Proportion to the Service he has performed, as to such Jfuft ce shall seem just and reasonable, and in case of Refus.il or Nonpayment of any Sums so ordered, by the Space of seven Days next after such Determination, such Justice shall and miy issue forth his Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers,

rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale., f -

XIVr. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this A6E shall, in the Execution of

529

the said firtt recited A<£I nafled in this present Session of Parliament, be used and applied, and construed in like Manner, as it me same Provisions were specially enacted in the said Adit; and all ami every the Provisions of the said Act (except in so far as hereby altered) shall, in the Execution of this Act, be used, applied, extended, and construed in like Manner as if the same Provisions were specially enacted in this Act.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XL.

An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom.

[27th March 1797.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies arising from the present Method of issuing Notes and Bills by the Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it was enacted, that, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Note, Accepted Bill, Pott Bill, Ticket, Token, or other Writing, circulated, or which might be circulated as Specie, in the Manner of a Bank or Banker's Note, lhoukJ be issued, re-issued, or given out as Specie, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Servants or Agents, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, for any Sum or Sums of Money less than twenty Shillings lawful Money of Great Britain, any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Servants or Agents, who should, after the said first Day of June^ ilfuc, re-issue, or give out any Note, Accepted Bill, Pott Bill, Ticket, Token, or other Writing aforesaid, for any Sum less than twenty Shillings, should, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who should inform or prosecute for the same, to be sued for and recovered in Manner thereby directed: And whereas it is expedient at the present Time to allow the Banks and Banking Companies herein after described, to issue Notes for a less Sum than twenty Shillings, for a limited Time, notwithstanding the said recited Clause in the said Act Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, the British Linen Company, and all other Banks or Banking Companies in Scotland\ who, on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, have exercised the Business of Hanking, or keeping any Bank for Receipt of Money, and have issued Notes under the Firm of such Bank, in the Nature of Bank Notes, (but to and for no other Person or Persons, Company or Companies, whatsoever;) to issue Notes, Bills, or Tickets, in the Nature of Bank Notes, payable to the Bearer on Demand, for any Sum whatever under the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling, in the same Way that the said Banks and Banking Companies have heretofore been used to issue Notes for twenty Shillings and upwards, fmee the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; any Thing in the said recited Act passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas, from the present Difficulty of procuring Specie, several Persons, Bodies Politic or

Corporate, their Servants or Agents, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^ have issued, and may

continue to issue Bills, Notes, or other Obligations, for small Sums under twenty Shillings Sterling, and Doubts may arise whether such Persons have not been guilty of the Offence prohibited by the said recited Act / be it therefore enacted, That such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and their Servants or Agents, shall, and they hereby are indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties or Forfeitures incurred, or that may be incurred, for or by rcalon of their having issued the Bills, Notes,

.37 Geo. III. 3Z or

Ja/t Ices may dc term.nc Disputes between Masters and Servants enrolled touching Wages, and may levy the Mon.y by Dif*

tref*.

Provisions of this and the Act c. 5. to apply to cither.

Act may be al. tered or repealed this Session.

5CC0. 3. c. 49* recited.

The Bank of Scotland, Arc. may issue Notes, payable to Bearer on Demand, under

aos. [until Mjy

i» ,797> S 3*

enlarged by e, 72, to August 15 j and by t. 13 7, un:d next Se(Conf &c.]

Person who have issued Notes under 20 s. prior to polling this Act, indemnified.

53°

C

45

tricesimo septimo

A.D. 1797.

or Obligations aforesaid, or by reason of such as may be issued on or before the passing of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the Holders or such Bills, Notes, or Obligations, at any Time from demanding and receiving Payment ocreol from the Person or Persons* Bodies Politic or Corporate, who have issued, or may, until the passing oi this Act,

issue the same.

Continuance of

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer j and shall be deemed and taken to be a Public

A6h

IV’. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Act.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

(* 7*>

137*J

CAP. XLI.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers*

[24th April 1797.]

{Antt> c. 33.) Mutiny Act* recited. Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers to allow 10 d. per Diem for Diet and

Small Beer in Quarters in England; and for Articles which havfc been furnuhed gtatn in lieu thereof, 2d. per Diem to be allowed, for Horses quartered, 10d. zq per Diem to be paid for Hay and Straw. So much of recited Act as relates to furnishing with Diet Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or recruiting, repealed. Regulation with respect to dieting Non^ommissioned Officers and Soldiers on their March. When halted on a March, Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers entitled to Diet and Small Beer as after arriving at their Destination: And if such Halting be only for a Day after Arrival, and that be a Market Day, their Diet and Small Beer not to be discontinued. Regulations re- spefting Recruiting Parties and Recruits on their March. This Act to continue till 25th Alarch 1798.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-+ 18 Geo. 3. intituled, An Act for pavings cleanfm%, lightings and watching, the Town of Northampton, and for

79» removing and preventing Encroachments, Ob/lrufiionsj and Annoyances therein j and for continuing the

Term of certain Foils by the said Act granted.

[24th April 1797.]

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for building a New Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerel> in the County of Devon.

[24th April 1797.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-third \ ear of the Reign of % 33 Geo. 3. his present MajestyJ, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

[24th 1797.]

CAP. XLV.

An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council of the twenty-sixth of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank.

[3d May 1797.]

Minute of Privy

WHEREAS, by Minute of his Majesty's Privy Council, made on the twenty-sixth Day of February Councilor Feb. one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, upon the Representation of the Chancellor of the 16, 1797, re- c Exchequer, (fating, that, from the Result of the Information which he had received, and of the Enquiries

ite * which it had been his Duty to make respecting the Effect of the unusual Demands for Specie that have been

made upon the Metropolis, in consequence of ill-founded or exaggerated Alarms in different Parts of the Country, it appeared, that unless some Measure was immediately taken, there might be Reason to apprehend a Want of a sufficient Supply of Cash to answer the Exigencies of the Public Service; it was declared to be the unanimous Opinion of the Board, that it was indispensably necessary for the Public Service,

that the Directors of the Bank of England should forbear issuing any Cash in Payment until the StnJe

of Parliament could be taken on that Subject, and the proper Measures adopted thereupon for maintaining the Means of Circulation and supporting the Public and Commercial Credit of the Kingdom at this important Conjun£ture; and it was ordered, that a Copy of the said Minute should be transmitted to the Directors of the Bank of England, and they were thereby required, on the Grounds of the Exigency of the Case, to conform thereto until the Sense of Parliament could be taken as aforesaid: And whereas,

in pursuance of the said Minute, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, havo, since the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, forborne to issue Calli in

Payments, except for Purposes for which the Issue of Calli was deemed unavoidable j and it is necessary

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 45.

that the Restriction contained in the said Minute, although not warranted by Law, should be confirmed, 6 and should be continued for a limited lime by the Authority of Parliament:* Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,- and by the Authority of the same, That all Acts done by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or by their Order or Direction, in pursuance of the said Minute of Council, shall be, and the same are hereby ratified and confirmed; and that all and every Persons and Person who have or hath been concerned in doing any such Acts, or any Matter or Thing relating thereto, ftull be, and are and is hereby saved harmless, indemnified, and discharged, in respect thereof, as well against the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Persons and Person; and that all Suits and Proceedings whatsoever touching or concerning any Matter discharged by this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby made void and of no Eftccf to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this A<R, it shall not be lawful for the said Governor and Company to iflhe any Cash in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatsoever, except according to the Provisions herein after contained; and that during the Continuance of the Restriction hereby imposed on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, no Action or Suit shall be prosecuted against the said Governor and Company to compel Payment of any Note of the said Governor and Company expressed to be payable on Demand, or to compel Payment of any Note of the said Governor and Company made payable otherwise than on Demand, which the said Governor and Company shall be willing to exchange for any Note or Notes of equal Amount expressed to be payable on Demand, or to compel Payment of any Sum of Money whatsoever by the said Governor and Company, which the said Governor and Company shall be willing to pay in Notes of the said Governor and Company expressed to be payable on Demand; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company, during the Continuance of the Restriction aforesaid on Payments in Cash, to apply to the Court wherein any Action or Suit shall be brought, or shall be depending, against the said Governor and Company, to stay Proceedings therein, in a summary Way; and in case such Action or Suit shall be brought to compel Payment of any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company made payable on Demand, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to apply to the said Court to stay all Proceedings in such Action or Suit until the Expiration of the Time herein after limited for the Continuance of such Restriction as aforesaid, and such Court shall stay all Proceedings accordingly; and in like Manner it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to apply to any Court in which any Action or Suit shall be brought or depending for the Purpose of compelling Payment by the said Governor and Company of any Note of the said Governor and Company payable otherwise than on Demand, or of any other Debt or Demand whatsoever, to stay all Proceedings against the said Governor and Company in such Action or Suit, on Payment of such Sum of Money as shall appear to be justly due, or which might be recovered in such Action or Suit, by Delivery of Notes of the said Governor and Company for the Amount thereof expressed to be payable on Demand, if the Party or Parties to whom such Money mail appear to be due shall be willing to accept Payment thereof in futfi Notes, and thereupon such Court shall order all Proceedings to be stayed accordingly; but if the Party or Parties entitled to any such Money shall refuse to accept Payment thereof by Delivery of such Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand as aforesaid, the said Court shall order all Proceedings against the said Governor and Company in such Action or Suit to be stayed until the Expiration of the Time herein after limited for the Continuance of such Restriction on Payments in Cash as aforesaid: Provided always, that if it shall appear to such Court to be necessary, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Amount of any Demand on the said Governor and Company, or otherwise for the Furtherance of Justice, that any Proceedings should be had for any such Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Court to permit Proceedings to be had in any such Action or Suit for such necessary Purpose only, or to ascertain the Amount of such Demand, in a summary Way, as the Nature of the particular Case may require, and as shall be confident with the Restriction on Payments in Cash hereby imposed: Provided also, that no Costs shall be recovered against the said Governor and Company, in any Action or Suit which, during the Continuance of the Restriction aforesaid, shall be brought or prosecuted for the Purpose of compelling Payment by the said Governor and Company of any Debt or Demand, unless the Court wherein the same shall be brought or prosecuted shall be of Opinion that the same was necessary for the Purpose of ascertaining the Amount of such Debt or Demand, or the T itle thereto, and in such Case such Court may direct the Payment of such Costs by the said Governor and Company in their Notes expressed to be payable on Demand, if the Party or Parties entitled to such Costs shall be willing to accept such Notes; and if such Party or Parties shall refuse to accept such Notes, then such Court shall stay all Proceedings to compel Payment of such Costs until after the Expiration of the RtftriiSfion on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, herein contained.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to restrain the said Governor and Company from issuing any Sum ot Money less than twenty Shillings in Cash in Payment of any Debt or Demand not amounting to twenty Shillings, or in Payment of so much of any larger Debt or Demand as shall be a fractional Part of twenty Shillings over and above the Residue of such Debt or Demand; or from issuing any Sum of Money in Cash for the Services of the Army, Navy, or Ordnance, in pursuance of an Order of his Majesty's Privy Council, stating the special Purpose for which such Issue shall be required, and the Necessity for the same; all which Orders of HEr-. 3 Z 2 Council

The Bank and all Persons concerned indemnified for all Acts done in pursuance of recited Minute of Council.

The Bank not to issue Cash but according to Provisions after mentioned.

During such Re-striction no Suit to be prosecuted to compel Payment of Notes which the Bank shall be willing to exchange for other Nolcs.

The Bank may

apply to the Court to flay Proceedings in Actions.

The Court may permit Proceedings to be had to ascertain the Amount of any Demand on the Rank, or for the Furtherance of Justice.

No Costs to be given unless the

Court think the Actien necessary, &c.

The Bank may issue Cash in certain cases.

Orders in Council for issuing

532

Cash to be laid before I’arha-ment.

Bank not to advance more than 6oo, ooool. for the Public Service during the Restriction, [&*£. 91. §3*]

The Bank ifny repay in Cash three-fourths of Sums'n^t under 5C0l. received by them in exchange for Notes after

April 7, 1797> and during the Restrictions of this Act.

91. §4«J

The Bank may

advance to the Bankers of London, Westminster, and Southwark, ico, ooool. in Cash.

The Bank may advance in Cash to the Bank of Scotland, and to the Royal Bank of Scotland, 25,000l. each.

Payments in

Notes to be deemed Payments in Cash if accepted as fitch.

No Person to be held to Special Bail unit is Affidavit required to be made by 12 Geo. 1. c. 29. a Kb add that there had been, no Offer to pay in B.mk Notes:

Otherwise Proceedings to be had as if ro Affidavit had been made to hold to Special Bail.

If any Person,

having offered to pay in Bank Now, cannot by

C. 4-5*

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Council shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within three Days after the Date of each of such Order, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if not, then within three Days after the Sitting of Parliament.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it (Hall not be lawful for the said Governor and Company,

during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments of Cash imposed by this Act, to issue any Sum of Money in Cash, or in Notes of the said Governor and Company, by way of Loan or Advance, for or on account of the Public Service, except to an Amount not exceeding iix hundred thousand Pounds, on the Credit of Exchequer Bills, to be issued by virtue of an Act of the present Session of Parliament for raising the Sum of eighteen millions by way of Annuities; any Law, Usage or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the seventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, duting the Continuance of the Restriction by this Act imposed on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, it shall neverthelel’s be lawful for the said Governor and Company to accept, from any Person or Persons whatsoever, any Sum or Sums of Money, in Cash, not being less than five hundred Pounds, in Exchange for Notes or tnesaid. Governor and Company, of equal Amount, upon an Engagement from the said Governor and Company* to pay to such Person or Persons, during the Continuance of such Restriction as aforesaid, Cash in exchange for any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company, payable on Demand, to such an Amount, not exceeding in the Whole Three-fourths of the Sum of Money which shall have been so paid by such Person or Persons to the said Governor and Company in Cash, and in such Proportions, and at such i Intervals, as shall be expressed in such Engagement; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to pay in Cash such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be required to be so paid, according to the Terms of such Engagement, to the Amount, in the Proportions, at the Times, and in the Manner therein, to be expressed; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company, notwithstanding the Restriction imposed by this Act, to advance, for the Accommodation of the Persons dealing as Bankers in London, Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, in Cash, any Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds in the Whole, to be paid ro such Persons, at such Times, in such Proportions, and in such Manner, as to the said Governor and Company shall seem expedients

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon Application being made to them, by or on the Behalf of the Treasurer of the Bank called The Bank of Scotland, established by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, in one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, or by or on the Behalf of the Cashier o the Bank called The Royal Bank of Scotland, incorporated by Royal Charter, dated the thirty-first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-seven, to issue and pay to such Treasurer or Cashier respectively, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, for the sole Use of the said Banks, such Sum or Sums of Monty, in Gold or Silver, as may be required, not exceeding the Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounls for each of the said Banks; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Payments in Notes of the said

Governor and Company expressed to be payable on Demand, which have been made since the said twenty-

sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or which shall be made during the Restriction on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, herein contained, shall be deemed Payments in Cash if made and accepted as such; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding., # U 6«

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, imposed by this Act, no Person shall be held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of any Court, unless the Affidavit which shall be made for that Purpose according to the Provisions in the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, shall not only contain the several Matters required by the said Act, but also that no Offer has been made to pay the Sum of Money in such Affidavit mentioned, and therein sworn to, for the Purpose of holding any Person to Special Bail, in Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand (fractional Parts of the Sum of twenty

Shillings only excepted) \ and if any Process shall be issued against any Person upon which such Person

might have been held to SpeciaLBail before the passing of this Act, and no Affidavit shall be made as aforesaid, that no such Offer of Payment in Notes of the Governor and Company had been made as aforesaid, such Person shall not be arrested, on such Process, but Proceedings shall be had against such Person in the same Manner as if no Affidavit had been made for the Purpose of holding such Person to SpeciaLBail under the Provisions of the said Act of his said late Majesty King George the First; and all Provisions in such ASty. or in any other Act of Parliament, for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, shall be applied to the Provisions in this Act contained, so far as the same are capable of being so applied: Provided always, that if Affidavit shall be made upon which any Person or Persons might have been held to Special Bail upon any such Process as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, and it shall be likewise sworn in such Affidavit that such

A

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

45

such Offer of Payment has been mide as aforesaid, so that the Person or Persons who might have bren arieded and held to Special Bail upon such. rocefs, if this Act haJ not been made, cannot, reason of such Coffer and of the Provisions in this A:1 contained, oe so airelted and h« IJ to Special Bail, it shall be lawful for the Court out of whiph such I'roctls shall issue, or for any Judge of such Court, in a summary Wav, to order the Defendant or Defendants in the Action in which such t r.<eels shall issue, and who ought have been so held to Special Bail as aforesaid it this Act had not been mace, to cause Notes of the said Governor and Company, exprtlled to be payable on Demand, to the Amouni of the Sum of Money.for whion such Person or Persons might have been lo held to Special Bail if this Act had mot been made, to be depohted in such Manner as such Court or such Judge shall direct, to answer the Demand of the Plaintiff or Plaintiff* in such Actionj. and if such Depofu shall not be made within the Time limited by such Order after such Notice thereof as shall thereby be directed to be given, it shall be lawful, upon Affidavit duly made and filed that such Deposit has not been made according to such (Jrdci, to arrest, such Defendant or Defendants, and hold him, her, or them to Special Bail, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been* made.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Calli, by this Act imposed, all Sums of Money which noware or shall become payable for any Part of the Public Revenue, tha 1 be accepted by the Collectors, Receivers, and other Officers of the Revenue, authorized to receive the lame, in Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand, it ofteied to be lo paid (jraftional Pans of the Sum of twenty Shillings on y excepted).

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fur the Governor and Company

of the Bank of England, during the Continuance of this Act, to issue Calli. out of any Cash whii h shall have come into the Hands of the said Governor and Company subsequent to the twenty-sixth Day. f February last, and which shall be at their Disputai, in Payment of any D< bt or Demand wiwsoever, or of any Part or Proportion of any Debt or Demand whatsoever, upon their giving five Days Notice in Writing to the Speaker of the House of Commons of their Intention so to do, any 1 hu g in this Act to the contrary thereof inanywise notwithstanding; which Nonce the Speaker of the House of Commons is hereby required to cause forthwith to be inserted in the London Gazette, and a Copy thereof to be affixed on the Royal Exchange in London.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in force and have

Continuance, fa far as the same redrains the said Governor and Company from iliuing Calli in Payments, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and mnety-leven. a*} and by c.yi. till

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, may be repealed, altered, or varied, in any Manner whatsoever, during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for making certain Annuities, created by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, transferable, and the Div deads therro payable, at the Bank of England -9 and for the better Security of the Proprietor^ of such Annuities, and of the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England.

May

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, made and passed in the thirty-

feveruh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Ml for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Inter ejI upon the Principal Sums therein provided for and towards the Dfcharge of such Principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed j and/or enabling the Officers of his Majesty's F* eafury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time in Manner therein mentioned j and for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Confabulated Fund; and for applying a certain* Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nituty seven, and for other Pwfojcs, reciting (among other T hings) that by a Resolution of the House of Commons of Ireland, of the ughnenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, it was rdolved. That whatever Sum or Sums of Money should be advanced or paid into his Majesty's Treasury in the Kingdom of Irelana, not exceeding. in the Whole the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, to be applied by his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, to defray such extraordinary Expences as the then present Circumstances rendered necessary, and which had not been provided for by Parliament f »r the Service of the then current Year, should be made good, such Sum to be raised by issuing Debentures or Stock of one hundred Pounds, bearing an interest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and not redeemable lor fifteen Years, to the Amount of five hundred thousand Pounds, together with such Annuities for iacn one hundred Pounds as should be agreed on by his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, not exceeding the lowed Rate which should be offered-by any Person or Persons proposing to pay and advance such Sums, such Annuity to continue for fifteen Years, or by Sale of Annuities of one hundred Pounds each, not exceeding in the W hole the Sum of sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, for fifteen Years or for one Life, to the Person or Persons offering the great--

cit Number of Years’ Purchase for such Annuity, or partly by iliuing such Stock or Debentures, and partly

533

reason of this A(X 1 c held to Special Hall, the Ccoi it mayord.r

him to d posit Bar.k Not s to answer t e Denial d and if r o done, lie m.iy eat relied^ a:> held ro Special Bad.

Colle£ors of the Public Revenue to accept it in Bank-Notes.

The Bank may iflu. Calli out of any come into their Hands f ncc feb. 26* J797, on pre-v oui Notice the Speaker of the House of

Commons.

[&rc 91 10/J

Continuance of

A a [till J une 1

next Hefei;, 65V.J

Act may be repealed or altered thh» Session. [Seegc/l, c. 91.

Aa of the Parliament of Ireland, 37 Geo. 3. recited.

534

The Bank of

England may pay the Interest of 300,000l. subscribed in England, (on Account of the Irish Loan,) which may be transferred at the Bank.

Books to be kept for entering Transfers.

No Stamp Duties to be charged on Transfers or Receipt of Annuities.

Persons forging, altering, &c- Receipts er Debentures, to be guilty of

Felony without Benefit of Ckny.

C. 46. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

4 by Sale of said Annuities, in such Manner as should be directed by his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of the said Kingdom of Ireland; and also reciting that, in pursuance of the said Resolution, the Sum of three hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, being-three hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, Part of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, had been subscribed for in England, to be paid into his Majesty's Treasury in the Kingdom of Ireland, and had been made Stock, transferable in Transfer Books- agreed to be kept by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for which Sum an Interest of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the twenty- fifth Day of 1 September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, was payable in the City of London; and that the said Sum was due and unpaid; and for effectuating the railing of the said Sum of three hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, Annuities of four Pounds and fifteen Shillings, by the Year, for each Sum of one hundred Pounds, for thirteen Years and a half, from the said twenty-fifth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, amounting to fifteen thousand four hundred and thirty-seven Pounds ten Shillings Irish Currency, transferable at the Bank of England, had been appointed to be paid in London to the Person or Pencils who advanced and paid the said Sum; it was enacted, (amongst other Things,) That for the said Sum of three hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds made Stock,

transferable at the Bank of England, there should be paid in the City of London, at the End of every six Calendar Months, to the Person or Persons who paid or lent or should have become entitled to the same respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, an Interest at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum Irish Currency, such Interest to be paid without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Dedudiions whatsoever, until such Time as they should be respectively paid their Principal Money at one entire Payment: And it was further enacted, That the several Annuities granted in pursuance of the said Resolution of the eighteenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, should be re- gularly paid at the City of London, to the Persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the lame should become due, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act: And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have consented and agreed that the Annuities and Interest upon the said Principal Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, hereinbefore stated to have been subscribed for in F.ngland%

and by the said Act of Parliament of Ireland made payable in England, shall be payable at the Bank of England, and the said Governor and Company have also consented and agreed to keep such Transfer Books thereof as are mentioned in the said Act of Parliament of Ireland; but such Agreement cannot be effec- tually carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted and declared by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to pay the Interest and Annuities already due and payable, and hereafter to become due and payable, upon the said Principal Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling ;'and the said Annuities, and also the said Principal Sum or Stock, and any Part or Parcel thereof, shall and may be transferable at the Bank of England, in the Manner herein after described j and the said Annuities, Principal Sum, or Stock, and the Interest payable thereon, shall not be liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to authorize and direct their Accountant General for the Time being to keep Books, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the said Annuities and Principal Sums or Stock shall be entered and raftered, in such Manner as the said Governor and Company shall direct \ which Entry shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, in Writing, under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof by themselves, or by their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized in Manner aforesaid; and that no other Method of assigning and transferring the said Annuities and Principal Sum or Stock, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therdin, shall be good or available in Law: Provided always, that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers, nor on any Receipt for any Payment in respedi of the said Annuities or the said Principal Sums or Stock, or the Interest thereof j any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas for the Prevention of Forgeries and Frauds in respedi of the Receipts, Payments, and 4 Transfers made or given in pursuance of this Act, it is necessary that the like Provisions should be enabled as by the Laws now in being are already in force, respecting Stocks, Annuities, and other Public Funds transferrable at the Bank of England:* Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Receipt or Receipts for the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Subscriptions or Contributions towards the said Principal Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, or any Debenture or Debentures, pur porting to entitle any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate whatsoever, to any Principal Sum, or the Interest thereon, or any Annuity or Part of any Principal Sum, Interest, or Annuity payable under the said Act of Parliament of Ireland, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or

*4 Corporate

535

A.D. 1797.

tricesimo sept

C. 46.

Corporate being inserted therein, as the Subscriber or Subscribers, or Contributor or Contributors, or Payer or Payers towards the said Principal Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Receipt or Receipts, Debenture or Debentures, with Intention to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, Rich Receipt or Receipts, Debenture or Debentures, concerning some Part or Share of or in the Principal Sums or Stock, or the Annuities, by this Act made or declared transferrable at the Bank of England, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully acting or ailifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons without Benent of Clergy. "

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or In-fliument, to transfer, assign, fell, or convey, any Part or Share of or in the Principal Sums or Stock, or the Annuities, by this Act made or declared transferrable at the Bank of England, or to receive any Annuity or Annuities, or Imereti, or Dividend or Dividends, in pursuance of this Act, payable at the Bank of England, or any Part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowing y and wilfully act or atfift in the forging or counterfeiting, any the Name or Names of any the Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Part or Share of or in such Principal Sum or Stock, or Annuities, Interest, Dividend or Dividends, as aforesaid, in or to any such pretended Letter of Attorney, Instrument, or Authority, or shall knowingly and fraudulently demand or endeavour to have any such Part or Share of or in such Principal Sum or Stock, or Annuities, Interest, Dividend or Dividends, or any Part thereof, transferred, assigned, fold, or conveyed, or such Annuity or Annuities, Interest, Dividend or Dividends, or any Part Hereof, to be received by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged letter of Attorney, Authority, or Instrument, or shall falsely and deceitfully perfoiiate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Shares of or in the said Principal Sum or Stock, Annuities, Interest, Dividend or Dividends, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and thereby transferring or endeavouring to transfer any Part or Share of or in the said Principal Sum or Stock, or Annuities, or receiving or endeavouring to receive the Money of such true and lawful Proprietor or Proprietors, as if such Offender or Offenders were the true and lawful Owner or Owners thereof, th n and in every or any such Case such Offender or Offenders shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons without Benefit of Clergy,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter a;.y Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, Interest, or Money, payable in pursuance of this Act at the Bank of England, or any Indorsement thereon, or shall offer or dispose of or put away any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, Interest, or Money, payable as aforesaid, or the Iridorfe-ment thereon, or demand the Money therein contained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any Part thereof, of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any their Officers or Servants, knowing such Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, Interest, or Money, payable as aforesaid, or the Indorsement thereon, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, or any other Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every Person or Persons so offending, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Officer or Servant of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, being intruded with any Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity or Interest, or Money, or any Security Money, or other Effedfs of or belonging to the said Governor and Company, or having any Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity or Interest, or Money, or any Security Money, or other Effects of any other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, lodged or deposited with the said Governor and Company, or with him as an Officer or Servant of the said Governor and Company in pursuance of this Act, or of the due Execution thereof, shall Ecrete, embezzle, or run away with any such Note, Bill, Dividend or other Warrant, Security Money, or other Effects as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, every such Officer or Servant so offending, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon Without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully make or alfift in making any Transfer of any Interest, Part, or Share of or in any Principal Sum or Stock, Annuity or Annuities, by this Act made or declared transferrable at the Bank of England, in any of the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England in which Transfers of Principal Sums, Stock, or Annuities, as aforesaid. are, or in pursuance of this Act shall be made, in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons not being the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors of such Principal Sum or Stock, or Annuity or Annuities transferrable as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud the said Governor ami Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, such Person or Persons so making or assisting in making such

j Transit*

Persons forging Le tters of Attorney, &c. or personating Proprietors, to be guilty of Felony without Benent of Clergy.

Persons forging or uttering forged Dividend Warrants, &c. to be guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

Officers of the Bank embezzling Notes, to be guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

Persons making Transfers in other than Proprietors Names, &c. tob? guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

Persons forging or ottering forged Transfers to be guilty of Felony without Bcntfit of Clergy.

Persons making false Entry in the Books of the Bank, to be guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy,

Officers of the Fank making out fa fi Dividend Warrants to be transport-

ed forfsven

Years.

C. 46,47,48. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Transfer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons without Benefit of Clergy.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall faliely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be fallely made, forged, or counterfeited, or shall wilfully act or assist in the falsely making, -forging, or counterfeiting of any Transfer of any Interest, Part, or Share of or in any Principal Sum or Stock, or Annuity or Annuities, by this Act made or declared transferrable at the Bank of England, or shall utter or publish as true any such false, forged, or counterfeited Transfer as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever so offending, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully make or allift in making, any false Entry, or shall wilfully alter, or attift in altering, any Word or Figure in any Entry in the Books of Account kept, or in pursuance of this Act to be kept, by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, wherein the several Accounts of the Owners or Proprietors of Principal Sums or Stock or Annuities by this Act made or declared transferable at the Bank of England are, or in pursuance of this Act shall be, entered and kept, or shall in any Manner wilfully falsify-the Account or Accounts of any such Owner or Proprietor in the Books of the said Governor and Company, wherein such Accounts are, or in pursuance of this Act shall be, entered and kept, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons without Benefit of Clergy. 1 r f,

X. And whereas, in order to cover and conceal Forgeries and Frauds in Transfers, Dividend Warrants

have been sometimes made out for different Sums than the Sums really due be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clerk, Officer,x)r Servant of, or other Person or Persons employed or cn-trusted by, the said Governor and Company, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, knowingly or wilfully make out or deliver, or cause or procure to be made out or delivered, or wilfully act or attift in the making out or delivering of any Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, or Interest, or Money payable in pursuance of this Act at the Bank of England, for a greater or less Amount than the Person or Persons on whose Behalf, or pretended Behalf, such Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, or Interest, or Money payable as aforesaid, shall be made out, is or are entitled to, with intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, all and every such Person or Persons so offending, being in due Form of Law convicted of any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall be transported

!far seven Years. V I I

m

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for discharging the Estates of John Yeldham Esquire, from certain Demands of the Crown, upon the

Conditions therein mentioned.

[3d May 1797.]

The Preamble recites Indentures between Mr. Yeldham and others, conveying to them certain Estates upon Trust to sell the same for Payment of his Debts. Mr. Yelaham, being a Receiver General of the Land Tax, £s?c. his Estates are liable, by 13 Eliz. Cap. 4. and 25 Geo. III. Cap. 35. to be put in Execution till Arrears are paid. His Debts are more than the Produce of his Estates will answer. 44 Securities approved for the due Execution of the Office of Receiver. On Payment into the Exchequer of the Balance of 8422l. 6 s. 5 d. due by Mr. Yeldham on rfpril 5, 1795, the Estates com- prized in the recited Indentures shall not be liable to any subsequent Arrears, by reason of his said Office of Receiver." U€

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual Two Act.% made in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries in the R ver Yweedy and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

[3d May 1797.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled) 11 Geo. 3. c. 17. An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River I weed, and the Rivers and and Streams running into the sames and also within the Mouth or Entramce of the said River: And whereas

also an Act was passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act: And whereas, notwithstanding the Provdions of the said Acts, idle and

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 48. 537

disorderly Persons make a Practice of fishing for Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, and Whitlings, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, and by letting of Bob Nets and other Nets therein, inter- ccpt and obstruct the free Progress of such Fish into the said River, to the manifest Detriment and Loss of the Proprietors and Occupiers thereof: And whereas also, by Means of Sloops, Vessels, Cobles, or Boats,

constructed for the Purpose of catching White Fish at Sea, or for other Purposes, such idle and disorderly Persons fish for Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, and Whitlings, beyond and further towards the Sea than the Mouth or Entrance of the said River extends, by such Means not only destroying but dispersing the said Fish, (which at certain Seasons of the Year are known to make in Shoals to the Frefii Water,) and by such Means driving many of them from the Coast For Remedy of which, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, upon Complaint and Information in Writing, upon Oath, made to any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, or to any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the Peace, or to the Sheriff Depute of any County or Stewartry for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the Informant hath probable Cause to suspect, and doth suspect, that any Person or Persons dwelling and usually residing in any Township or Place, Townships or Places, within the Jurisdiction of the said Justices or Sheriff Depute, before whom the Information is laid, has or have gone to Sea in any Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or other Vessel, with Intent to fish for Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or Whitlings, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, as herein after described *, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justices and Sheriff Depute, any one or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to authorize and diredf, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, any High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, and any Number of Persons, not exceeding ten, to be severally named and described in the Warrant, to proceed to Sea in any VesselvCoble, or other Boat, and there examine and search all and every such Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or other Vessel, as they shall suspect to be employed in taking and killing Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or Whitlings, in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, as herein after described; and such Warrant shall be in the Words following, or to the like Effect; (that is to say,) -

Name of Place 7 4 A B. one of the Justices of our Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace within the

or County, j * said County, to the Constable, Petty Constable, or Bailiff of the Township of

[as the same may be\ within the said County [or Place], and to [here iifcrt the Names of the

other Persons, not exceeding ten], and to all the other Ministers and Officers of our said Lord the King, within the said and to every of them, greeting. Forasmuch as CD. of [here

insert the Name, &V. of Informant] hath come before me the said A.B. and hath given me Information in Writing, on Oath, that he hath probable Cause to suspect, and doth suspect, that E. P. See. of

within the Jurisdiction of me the said Justice, has gone to Sea in a certain Boat or Vessel with

4 Intent to fish for Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, within the Mouth or Entrance of the River Tweed, contrary to the Statutes in such Case made and provided, ye or either of you are therefore hereby required, by this Warrant, under my Hand and Seal, to proceed to Sea, and there examine and search such Boat or Vessel, and if upon any such Search any such k ifh, or any Nets, Engines, or other Tackle, properly adapted and used in the taking of such Fish, + or in case ye or either of you Inould fee any Person or Persons onboard any such Boat or Vessel fish for any Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or Whitling, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, then ye or either of you are hereby required to seize such Boat or Vessel, and all and every Person or Persons who shall be found on board thereof, to apprehend and bring before me the said Justice. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And if upon such Search any such Fish, or any Nets, Engines, or other Tackle, properly adapted and used in the taking of such Fish, shall be found, or if the said Peace Officer and Persons with him shall fee any Person or Persons on board any such Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or other Vessel, fish for any Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or Whitlings, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, as herein after described, then and in either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the said Peace Officer and Persons so authorized, and he and they are hereby required to seize such Sloop, Coble, Boat, Rafr, or other Vessel, and all such Persons as shall be found on board thereof to apprehend and bring before the Justice or Justices and Sheriff Depute respectively, who granted such Warrant as aforesaid, who shall proceed to examine into the Matter of the said Complaint, and if upon Confession of the Parties, or the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, any such Person or Persons shall be convicted of fishing for Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or Whitlings, in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, as herein after described, or of having in his or their Custody, in such Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or other Vessel, any Fish or Parcel of Fish of the Description aforesaid, or Nets, Engines, or other Tackle, properly adapted and used in the taking and killing thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds* nor lets than twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Justice and Justices or Sheriff Depute, before whom the Conviction shall be had, and also the Boats, Nets, Tackle, Engines, and other Devices made use ofin taking or killing such Fish, and also the Fish so taken; and the said Justices and Sheriff’Depute respectively shall order and direct such Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or other Vessel, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle, to be cut to Pieces, burnt, or otherwise destroyed. '

97- Geo. III. 4 A II. And

Magi Antes empowered 10 issue Search Warrants on Information of improper Jcrfons being suspected to be gone out to St a for the Purpose of taking Fish within the Limits specificU by the Act.

*3-

Form of Warrant.

j

7 [P*iU he then and there Joundy\

53§

C. 4.8#

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Magistrates empowered to issue Search Warrants on Information of its being suspected that Fish have been taken within the prohibited Limits, and are concealed or expected to be landed: Peace Officers, &c. authorized to watch on the Shore and seize Fish and Vesstl>, Scc.

Limits of the Harbour after-

Magistrates empowered to issue Search Warrants on Information of Persons, not entitled to fish within the limits, being suspected to have in their Custody Nets and Engines

v*

for taking the Fish: I he Owners of fu»ch Nets to forfeit from 201. to 101, and the Nets to be dc-stroyed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first: Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, upon Complaint and Information in Writing, upon Oath, made to any one or more such Justices and Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, that the Informant hath probable Cause to suspect, and doth suspect, that Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or Whitlings, which have been taken or caught in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweedy as herein after described, are concealed in, or are expected to be landed in some Place or Places (specifying the same) wherein the said Justices and Sheriff Depute have Jurisdiction respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Justices and Sheriff*Depute, any one or more of them, and he and they are hereby required, to authorize and direct, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, any High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, and any Number of Persons, not exceeding three, to be severally named and described in the Warrant, to search, in the Day Time, every such Place or Places wherein they have Information that such Fish as aforesaid are concealed; and also to direct, authorize* and require, such Peace Officer and Persons aforesaid to abide, remain, and watch upon the Shore or Coast whereon such Fish are expedited to be landed, during the Night as well as the Day, and there watch for the landing of the same, and such Warrant, ?nutatis mutandis, shall be according to the Form aforesaid; and if upon such Search, any Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or Whitlings, shall be found, or if during such Watch such Fish shall be landed in any Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or other Vessel, (which the said Peace Officer and other Persons are hereby also authorized to search and examine,) then it shall be lawful, and the said Peace Officer and Persons authorized as aforesaid, are hereby required to seize the same, and the Package and Packages in which they shall be found, and also the Sloops, Cobles, Boats, Rafts, and other Vessels, in which the same shall be landed, together with the Nets, Engines, and other Tackle used and employed in taking such Fish, and to put and place the same in some secure Place or Places for the safe Custody thereof, under the Care and Guard of some of their Number, and to bring the Body or Bodies of the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found, or who shall be in the Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or other Vessel, in which the same shall be landed, before the said Justice or Justices and Sheriff Depute respectively, to answer and account for the same; and the Proof that the Fish (so found upon such Search, or seized and taken upon being landed and brought to Shore as aforesaid) were not taken in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, as herein after described, shall lie upon the said Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found, and if he or they shall fail to make good the same, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices and Sheriff Depute, before whom he or they shall be brought respectively as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall (land and be convicted of having fished for, taken, and killed the same in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweedy and shall severally forfeit, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, nor less than twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the said justice, Justices, or Sheriff Depute*, before whom the Conviction shall be had, and also the Boats, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle made use of in taking or killing such Fish, and also the Fish so taken, and the said Justice or Justices and Sheriff Depute respectively shall order and direct such Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or other Vessel, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle, to be burnt, cut to Pieces, or otherwise destroyed.

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen touching the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the said River 1 Tweed, as described in the said Act of the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty be it therefore further enacted, That for the Purposes of this and the said two former Acts, the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed shall for the future be deemed to extend, and shall extend from a Pier called Queen Elizabeth's Pier, along the Sea Coaff on the South Side of the said Pier five Miles, and from the said Pier called Queen Elizabeth's Pier, along the said Sea Coast on the North Side of the said Pier five Miles, and shall also extend live Miles in Front of the Mouth of the said Harbour, and of the several Lines of Boundary herein-before mentioned into the Sea, such Distances towards the Sea to be computed by Lines drawn, the one frorin the Northern and the other from the Southern Extremities aforesaid, and running directly

parallel to each other. ~ iff*,

IV. And whereas many idle and disorderly Persons, who are not Owners or Occupiers of any Fishery or Fisheries in the said River Tweed, or within the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance thereof, or on the Shore beyond the same, or otherwise entitled to fish for Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or Whitlings, in the said River, have and keep in their Possession, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle, adapted for the taking and killing such Fish, and by Means thereof take, kill, and destroy many such Fish, to the manifest Loss and Injury of the Owners and Proprietors of such Fisheries;* be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, upon Complaint and Information in Writing, upon Oath made to any one or more such Justice or Justices and Sheriit Depute as aforesaid, that the Informant hath probable Cause to suspect, and doth suspect, that any Person or Persons dwelling and usually residing in any Township or Place, Townships or Places, or within any Royal Borough, Village, or Cottage, within the Jurisdiction of the said Justices or Sheriff Depute, before whom the Information is laid, (not being Owners or Occupiers of any such Fishery as aforesaid, or otherwise entitled to fish in the said River Tweedy or within the Mouth or Entrance thereof, or on the Shore beyond the Mouth or Entrance of the same,) have in his or their Possession or Custody, or have lodged, placed, or concealed, or caused to be lodged, placed, or concealed, any Net or Nets, Engines, or other Tackle properly adapted for the taking or killing of Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or Whitlings, in any Dwelling House, or Out-house, or in any Net Green, Beach, Shore, or other Place in the open Air, or in any Boat, Coble, or other Vessel (specifying the same) w herein the said Justices and Sheriff Depute have Jurisdiction respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices and Sheriff Depute, any one or more of them, and he and they are hereby required to authorize and direct, by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, any High or

539

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 48.

Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, and any Number of Persons, not exceeding five, to be severally named and described in the Warrant, to search in the Day Time every such Dwelling House or Out-house, and also in the Night as well as the Day, any such Net Green, Beach, Shore, or other Place in the open Air, or any Boat, Coble, or other Vessel, wherein they have Information that such Nets, Engines, and other Tackle are lodged, concealed, or placed, or laid, or spread out to dry; and such Warrant, rnutatis mutandis, shall be according to the Form aforesaid; and if upon such Search any such Nets, Engines, or T ackle as aforesaid shall be found, then it shall be lawful for the said Peace Officer and Persons authorized as aforesaid, and they are hereby required to seize the same, and to place the same in some Place or Places for the Security thereof, under the Care and Guard of some of their Number, and if the Owner or Owners thereof shall be known and found, to bring him or them, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody the lame shall be found, before the said Justice or Justices and Sheriff Depute respectively, to answer and account for the same; and the Proof that the said Nets, Engines, or other Tackle so found upon such Search, were and are bona sids the Property of some Person or Persons having Right to fish for Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or Whit-lings, as aforesaid, shall lie upon such Owner and Owners, or the Person and Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found as aforesaid; and if he or they shall fail to make good the same, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices and Sheriff Depute, before whom he or they shall be brought rcf|>ectively as aforesaid, such Owner or Owners, Person and Persons respectively, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Justice, Justices, or Sheriff Depute respectively, before whom the Conviction shall be had, and also the Nets, Engines, and other Tackle so found upon such Search; and the said Justice, Justices, and Sheriff Depute respectively, shall order and dire# all such Nets, Engines, and other Tackle, to be burnt, cut to Pieces, or other wise destroyed; and if the Owner or Owners of the said Nets, Engines, or Tackle, or Person or Persons who placed the same, or in whose Custody they are, cannot be found, then the said Peace Officer and Persons aforesaid shall keep the same in their Custody for the Space of four Days at the least, and in the mean Time shall cause public Notice to be given on the Door of the Parish Church or Chapel of the Township or Place where the same shall have been found; and if the same shall not be owned in the Space of Time aforesaid, he or they shall carry the same before the Justice or Justices or Sheriff Depute aforesaid who directed the Search for the same; and the said Justice or Justices or Sheriff Depute respectively shall proceed to condem the same, on Proof that no Person has laid Claim to the same, and may and shall order and direct all such Nets* Engines, and other Tackle to be burnt, cut to Pieces, or otherwise destroyed.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall resist or refuse to permit the said High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer and other Persons, (being duly authorized as aforesaid,) to search any Dwelling House, Out-house, Beach, Shore, or other Place in the open Air, Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or other Vessel, for such Fish Nets, Engines, or other Tackle as aforesaid, every Person and Persons so refilling shall, upon due Proof being made thereof to the said Justice or Justices and Sheriff Depute respectively, be liable and subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, to be recovered in the same Manner as Persons con-vided of fishing for Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or Whitlings, in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, are hereby fub|eded and made liable unto.

VI. And whereas lince the passing of the said Acts of the eleventh and fifteenth Years of his prfcfent Majesty, idle and disorderly Persons have made a Practice of robbing the River, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, in the Night Time, between the tenth Day of October and the tenth Day of Ja- nuary^ by Means of the Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle of the Occupiers, which have been left near to or upon the several Fisheries thereof, whereby many Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, and Whit- lings (at that Time full of Spawn, out of Season, and unwholesome to be used as Food) are by such Persons killed, taken, and carried away, and sent privately to Market, to themanifeft Destruction of the Breed of all such Fish, and Injury of the Health of those who use the same as Pood \ be it therefore enacted, That all and every Occupier and Occupiers of any Fishery or Fisheries in the said River Tweed, or in the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and of Fisheries being Property in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, shall, and they, and each and every of them is and are hereby required from their several Fishings, Fishing Shields, Boat Stands, Net Greens, Landing Places, and the Lands and Grounds Adjoining thereto, all Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle used and employed by them in the taking and killing such Fish as aforesaid, to remove and carry away to some Place or Places where the same can befecurely lodged and kept, on or before the twelfth Day of October in every Year and there to remain until the seventh Day of January in every Year and in case any such Occupier er'Occupiers shall refuse or ne-gle& to remove all and every such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle as aforesaid, and the same k> removed to keep secured from the said Fisheries and Premises at the Time aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, on being convicted thereof before any one or more such Justices or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice, Justices, or Sheriff Depute respectively, before whom such Conviction shall be had.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices and Sheriff Depute

as aforesaid, any one or more of them, upon Application to him or them made in Writing, under the Hands of any three or more of the Proprietors of Fisheries in the said River Tweedy and he and they are hereby ordered and directed to authorize and direct, by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, any High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, and any Number of Persons, not exceeding five, to be severally named and described in the Warrant, to search between the twelfth Day of October and f (A 2 the

Penalty oft ft fitting Officer* in the Execution of their Duty under this Act.

Occupiers of Fisheries in the Tweed, and Rivers and Streams running into the same, to remove and secure their Boats and Fishing Tackle, that the same may not be used clandefi in ely, from Oct. 11. to Jan. 7 on penalty from 1 o 1. to 40 s.

Magistrates empowered to gram Warrant* to seize Boats, and Fishing ✓ '1 avklc not removed and secured according

540 C. 48. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

M.

to the Directions of the Act. Peraky on Owners in such Case from 20 L to icl*

Act not to extend to Ferry Fonts.

Boats deposited ih certain Re-positories fpc-effred, to be deemed to be removed and fecund within the prohibited

T£ne.

Penalty on pliang Nets, tngines, or Devices in the River Tweed, cr in any River, Rivulet, or Stream communicating

therewith, in order to take the Spawn of FjA,

f)wnors of Fisheries, and those by them licensed, may angle in the said

River between jan. to and Oct. 10.

the seventh-Day of January in every Year,.all and every the Fishery and Fisheries, Fishing Shields, Boat Stands, Net Greens, Landing Places, and the Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto; and all such Boatsr Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle as they shall find upon such Search, to remove and carry away to some Place or Places where the same can be securely lodged and kept, and such Warrant, rnutatis mutandis, shall be according to the Form aforesaid; and if the Owner or Owners thereof shall be known or found, to bring him or them, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found, before the said Justice* Justices, or Sheriff Depute respectively, to answer and account for the same; and every such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons respectively, upon due Proof thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Justice, Justices, or Sheriff Depute respectively, before whom the Conviction shall be had; and if the Owner or Owners thereof, or Person or Persons who placed, occupied, or used the same, cannot be found, then the said Peace Officer and Persons authorized as aforesaid, shall cause public Notice to be given on the Church or Chapel Door of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the same shall be found, and if the same shall not be owned within four Days thereafter, they shall carry the same before the said Justice, Justices, cr Sheriff Depute, who directed the Search for the same, and the said Justice or Justices and Sheriff Depute respectively shall proceed to condemn the same, on Proof that no Person or Persons has laid Claim to the same, and may and shall order all such Boats, Oars, Engines', and other Tackle, to be burnt, cut to Pieces, or otherwise destroyed; and if in pursuance of such Search such High and Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, and such Persons so appointed as aforesaid, shall find the Door of any Fishery, Shield, or other Out-house locked up, and upon Request the Occupier thereof shall refuse the Key thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Peace Officer and other Persons aforesaid to break open the said Door, and search lor all such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be deemed,

taken, or conftfued to extend, to empower any such Justice and Sheriff Depute to authorize any such Peace Officer or other Persons so appointed as aforesaid, to seize or take any Boat or Boats, or the Oars thereof, bwing established and accustomed Ferry Boats for the Conveyance of Passengers, Horses, and Carriages across the said River Tweed, or across other Rivers running into the same, nor to Boats used for the express Purpose of repairing or building Dam Dykes, and Mill Races, or Leads upon and from the said Rivers, and for no other Purpose, Use, or Intent whatsoever;. any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, That all Boats deposited in certain Repositories of Boats at Places called Blackwell Green, Cutbberfs TVelJ, and Hallow Stell Green, in the Chapelry of Tweedmouth and County of Durham^ between the twelfth Day of October and the seventh Day of January, shall be deemed and taken to be removed from the several Fishings, Fishing Shields-, Boat Stands, Net Greens, Landing Places, and Landsand Grounds adjacent thereto, within the Meaning and for the Purposes of this Act; but nothing in this Clause contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel the Occupier or Occupiers of the said Fishery or Fisheries, to remove their Boats to the said Places called Blakcwell Green, Cuthbert's Well, and Hallcw Stell Green, or any of those Places, but the same Clause shall extend and be construed to extend merely to indemnify the Person or Persons removing their said Boats to any of the said three last mentioned Places, of and from any Penalty or Penalties under this Act, in respect of the Removal of the said Boats during the Time or Times the said Boats shall be kept at any one or more of the said three last mentioned Places; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And whereas also, since the passing of the said Acts of the eleventh and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, many idle and disorderly Persons have made a Practice of destroying and intercept- ing the Salmon Fry in the said River Tweed, and Rivers and Streams running into the same, by placing Nets, Creels, Hampers, Engines, and using other Devices for that Purpose, whereby immense Numbers are destroyed to the Diminution of the Breed thereof, notwithstanding the Provisions of the said Acts: And whereas the Penalties inflicted by the said former Acts have from Experience been found altogether made- quate to check such mischievous Practices be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, if any Person or Persons shall place, lay, set, continue, or draw any Net, Creel, Hamper, or other Engine, or use any other Device whatsoever in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Streamer in any Mill Pool, Mill Race, Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the same, in order to take or kill any Spawn Fry of young Brood of any Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, or shall take, kill, or destroy, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Spawn Fry or young Brood of any such Fish as aforesaid, every such Person and Persons, upon being convicted thereof before any one or more such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, as aforesaid, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay a* Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds; and for the second and every subsequent Offence, a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices and Sheriff* Depute respectively, before whom such Conviction shall be had.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Fishery in the said River Tweed, or for the Owner or Owners of any Fishery in any River which runs into the said River, and for all and every Person or Persons having his, or her, or their Authority, Licence, or Leave, in Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Hands so to do, to angle or fish with Reds or Lines at any Time or Times between the tenth Day of January and the tenth Day of October in any Year, for any Kind or Sort of Fish in his, her, or their own fishery or Fisheries, and also to take, carry, and make use of the Fish so / y. taken

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 48.

54-1

taken: and no such Owner or Persons having such Authority, Licence, or Leave, shall be liable, on account of such angling, to any Penalty inflicted by this or the said former Acts; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas it is enabled in and by the said Act of the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, that Justices of the Peace and Sheriffs Depute may act in the Execution of that Act, and also of the said Act of the eleventh Year of his said Majesty, notwithstanding the y are interested in the Fisheries of the said River c Tweedy be it therefore enacted, That the following Words in the recited Clause of the said Act of the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, " notwithstanding such Justices or Sheriffs Depute are interested in the " Fisheries of the said River Tweedy" shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

m

a«5> in the Execution of the said Acts, and this Act, if in-

Provisior» in Act 15 Geo. ^. enabling Magistrates to act in the Execution of the recited Acts, although

interested in Fisheries in the Tweed, repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That Justices of the Peace and Sheriffs Depute may act in their several Magnates may

and respective Jurisdictions in the Execution of this Act, and of the said Acts of the eleventh and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty, notwithstanding the y are interested in the said River Tweedy or in other Rivers and Streams running into the same, as Proprietors of Fisheries only.

terected only as Proprietors of Fisheries in the River Tweed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace or Sheriff Depute shall Magistrates not

act in the Execution of this or of either of the said former Acts, who at the Time of his acting shall be the Occupier or Occupiers* either of his own Property, or as Lesseeor Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, of any Fishery or Fisheries, or of any Part or Parts of any Fishery or Fisheries in the said River Tweedy or in the Mouth or Entrance, or on the Shore beyond the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance thereof, or who is in any Manner interested in the said Fisheries, or in any Part or Parts thereof^otherwise than asadlual Owners or Proprietors, upon Pain of forfeiting 'a Sum not exceeding two hundred Pounds, or less than fifty Pounds, to him who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at IF'eji rr.inster, or in the Court of the County Palatine of Durham; any Thing herein or in either of the said former Acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. r '

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Convictions shall be under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, and shall be in the Form following; (that is to say,)

to alt in the

Execution of the said Alls, or this Act, while Occupiers of Fisheries their own Property, or Tenants of others,'

Form of Con-

County of

(to wit.)

‘ OE it remembered, That on the of. in the

4 Year of the Reign of by the Grace of God of Great Britain, Francey and Irelayid, King, Detender of the Faith, and so forth, at in the

of aforesaid, of conieth before me

Esquire, one of the Justices of our said Lord the King, in the said and also to hear*

and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanors, in the said committed,

and giveth me the said Justice to understand and be informed upon Oath in Writing, that one of in the said on the Day of now last pad, at

in the said did [here insert the Offence in the /Yards of the Statute], 2gainst the Form of the

Statute in such Case made and provided; and afterwards upon the aforesaid Day of

in the Year aforesaid, as aforesaid, in the aforesaid, he the said

being brought before me in order to make his Defence against the said Charge, and having heard the same,

he the said is asked by me the said Justice if he can say any Thing why he should not be

convicted of the Premises above charged upon him in Form aforesaid, pleadeth that he is not guilty of the said Offence; nevertheless on the Day of, in the Year aforesaid, at

aforesaid, in the aforesaid; one credible Witness, to wit, of

cometh before me the Justice aforesaid, and upon his Oath on the Holy Gospel to him then and there by me the Justice aforesaid, administered, depofeth that the aforesaid on the

Day of aforesaid in the Year aforesaid, as aforesaid, did [hereJlate only so much of the Fail as is sufficient to convict the Offender; Or the said doth freely and voluntarily

confess the same to be true, as the Case may be], and then upon the aforesaid the

Day of aforesaid, in the Year aforesaid, before me the said Justice is convicted, pursuant to an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [insert the Title of the AllJ, and he is hereby adjudged to have forfeited for the said Offence [here insert the Penalty of or, as the Case may be, the Thing forfeited.

And which said Conviction shall be certified in the same Manner as by the said Acts of the eleventh and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty, one or other of them, is directed and appointed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall in anywise prejudice or affect the Right of the Owners or Proprietors of Fisheries, or the Right of any other Person or Persons who now are, or at any Time or Times thereafter shall or may be seised, possessed of, or entitled to any Manors, Seigniories, or Royalties, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or upon the Shores beyond the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the same, but that all and every such Owners and Proprietors, and other Person or Persons as last are mentioned, shall have and enjoy all such Right of Fishing vithin the said Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or upon the Shores beyond the Limits of the same, as they have hitherto lawfully exercised and enjoyed, or could or might have lawfully enjoyed, in case this Act had not bee.i made, so as such Right be used and exercised at such Times and Seafops only, under such Regulations, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures as are hereinbefore directed concerning the

8 Fisheries

Saving of Rights to Manors, Seigniories, ants Royalties wuhifv the Mouth or Entrance of the Riytr 'J

542

Recovery and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

Powers of former Acts extended to this Act.

Limitation of Actions against Persons executing this Act in England or Berwick.

Treble Costs to Defendants.

Mode of Proceeding in Actions brought io Scotland.

Limitation of Actions under this or former Acts in Scotland.

[Public Act.]

C. 48. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Fisheries in the said River Tweed, and within the Mouth or Entrance thereof, and the Shores beyond the same; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties or Forfeitures for Offences against this Act, the Mode of Recovery whereof is not by this Act otherwise particularly provided, maybe levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, or before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace or Sheriff Depute within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be cr reside, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath or Oaths of one or mote Witness or Witr.esses, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Limits thereof, or by Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law of such Justices and Sheriff Depute, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland {all which Warrants such Justices and Sheriff Depute are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath or Oaths); and the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be so levied and paid, shall from Time to Time be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, Township, or Place, and the Overplus remaining (if any) after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Costs and Charges attending the levying and recovering thereof are deduced, shall, on Demand, be^ returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid in four Days after such Distress, that then it shall be lawful for such Justice, Justices, and Sheriff Depute, and he and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, or less than three Calendar Months, as the said Justice or Justices and Sheriff Depute, upon Consideration of the Circumstances, shall think fit.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities contained in the said two former Acts, and not altered by this Act, shall be deemed and taken to extend, and shall extend to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein again repeated and re-enacted, and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be taken, deemed, or construed to extend, to set aside or repeal any Penalties itn-posed by the said former Acts, for Offences committed against the said former Acts or either of them.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, until after fourteen Days Notice thereof, in Writing, shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be intended to be so brought, or left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, setting forth the Cause of such Action; and that every Action brought for any Thing done or to be done as aforesaid, shall be brought within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fadl was committed and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by virtue hereof; and if on the Trial of such Action, it shall appear that the same was brought before the Expiration of fourteen Days next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of six Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall have arisen, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or after sufficient 'Fender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all Cases where a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall discontinue the same, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or shall be non-suited, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedies for recovering the same as Defendants have for recovering their Costs in other Cases by Law.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Prosecution for any Offence or Offences against this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall he by way of summary Petition or Complaint to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or to the Sheriff Depute for the County where such Offence or Offences are committed, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine the same, and whose Judgment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action shall be brought against any Persons or Persons for any

Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of the said former Acts made in the eleventh and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty, within that Prfrt of Great Britain called Scotland, unless such Action shall be commenced within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise; and in all such Actions the Defendant or Defendants, if absolved or act'oilfed from the Action, shall have and be entitled to their full Costs of Suit. V.pfTV

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same. 1(6 * ,

CAP

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 49

53

543

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Harbour of Eyemouth in the County of Berwick.

[3d May 1797.]

IKR CAP. L.

An Act for repairing, deepening, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Barmouth, in the County of

Merioneth.

[3d May 1797.]

9

Bill ~ CAP. LI.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation to finish and complete their several Works, and to discharge the Debts contracted in the making thereof; and for amending an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, for making the said Navigation, and several other Works in such Act mentioned.

[3d May 1797.]

CAP. LII.

An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Fife; and for more effectually making and repairing, the Highways within the said County.

[3d May 1797.]

CAP. LIII.

M. A

An Act for carrying into Execution His Majesty's Order in Council of the third Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for an Increase of Pay and Provisions to the Seamen and Marines serving in His Majesty's Navy ;. and to amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enables Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives, Children, or Mothers.

[9th May 1797];

Most Gracious Sovereign*

WHEREAS an Order was made by your Majesty in Council, on the third Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for an Increase to the present Allowance of Wages and Provisions for the Petty Officers, Seamen, Landmen, and Marines, serving in your Majesty's Fleet; and for a Continuation of the Pay of all Petty Officers, Seamen, Landmen, and Marines, who may hereafter be wounded in Action with the Enemy, until their Wounds shall be healed, or some other Provision shall be made

for them: We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being delirous of enabling your Majesty to carry the same into full and immediate Execution, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;* and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Sum not exceeding three hundred and seventy-two thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty on account, towards enabling his Majesty to make an Addition of five Shillings and Sixpence per Month to the present Wages of the Petty Officers and Able Seamen belonging to his Majesty's Fleet; an Addition of four Shillings and Sixpence per Month to the Wages of Ordinary Seamen; an Addition of three Shillings and Sixpence per Month to the Wages of Landmen; and for continuing to the Marines, when embaiked and serving on board his Majesty's Ships, the Allowances usually called Consolidated Allowances made to Marines when serving on Shore, videlicet, to Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, at the Rate of Two-pence, and to Privates, at the Rate of Two-pence Farthing, per Diem\ and also to enable his Majesty to defray the Expence of providing for the full Allowance of Provisions being issued to the Crews of his Majesty's Ships, without any Deduction whatsoever on account of Leakage or Waste, and for paying Short Allowance Money to the Crews of any of the said Ships, in lieu thereof, until the same can be carried into full Effect.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Petty Officers, Able Seamen, Ordinary Seamen, Landmen, and Marines, who may hereafter be wounded in Action with the Enemy, shall receive the full Amount of their Wages and Allowances until their Wounds shall be healed, or until, being declared incurable, they shall receive a Pension from the Chest at Chatham, or be admitted into the Royal Hospital

Cap. 65.

[By this Act, the Srat. 14 Geo. 3. f. 3l.il repealed.]

£ 372,000 granted to his Majesty, on Account, for Increase of Pay and Allowance to Petty Officers and S' amtn, and Marines, ice.

at Greenwich.

Petty Officers* Seamen, and Marines, &c. wounded, to receive their

Wages and Allowances till their Wounds are healed, or they are otherwise provided for.

III. And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non- commijponed Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving in his Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their IVives and Families; it is enacted, That it shall be lawful for Petty Officers and Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, to allot Half their Pay, Able-bodied Seamen Five-pence per Day, Ordinary Seamen and Landsmen Four-pence per Day, and

*3

U1CS

544-

Proportion of pay hereby given may be allotted for the Maintenance of Families, as by 35 Geo. 3. c. a8.

Allotments of Pay to be calculated according ro the annexed Schedule.

9

C. 53. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

c Marines Three-pence per Dav, for the Maintenance of their Wives and Children or Mothers Be it farther enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or any three of them, to direct, the Treasurer of the Navy, or any Receiver General of Land Tax, Collector of Customs, or Collector of Excise, or Clerics of the Cneque, to whom an r Allotment made conformable to the said Act shall have been addressed, to increase, from the twenty-fourth Day of jfprilone thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the Allowance in the Payments he or they or any of them may thereafter make to the Wife or Mother of any Petty OtRccr or Seaman, Noti-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to a Proportion equal to Half the increased Pay of sech Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned'Officer of Marines, or Marine, provided for by this Act; and which shall thereupon be paid in the same Manner as if such Declaration and Order of Allotment had been originally made according to the Rate of Half the Pay of Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines, as by this Act is provided.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall hereafter allot any Pay for the Maintenance of his Wife and Children or Mother, the same shall be at a Rate calculated as nearly equal as may be to Half his Pay, and according to the Table in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers,

A TABLE, (liewing the Allowance to be granted by Allotment, calculated according to the Rates

of Pay per Month.

545

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 54 - 5X

CAP. LIV.

An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Navigation to vary the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, so as to render the Execution thereof more ealy, expeditious, and less expensive; and for altering and amending the Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *, for making the said Canal.

[9th May 1797.]

CAP. LV.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Milbrooke in the County of Southampton, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish.

[9th May 1797.]

CAP. LVI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty f, for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford in the County of Hereford.

[9th May 1797.]

CAP. LVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Way

of Annuities.

[1 ith May 1797.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that the Sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Annuities, in Manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,* CsV.

Every Contributor of 100l. towards raising 14,500,000l. to be entitled to a Principal of 100l. and 25 /. 44 in the 3 per Cent Consols; a Principal of 50l. in the 3 per Cents. Reduced; a Principal of 20l. in the 44 4 per Cents, and 6s. 6d. Long Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund, Half-yearly. Contri- tutors to contribute proportionably to raising a further Loan of 3,500,000l. and if not raised, a Deduc- tion to be made from the Annuity of 6 s. 6 d. Contributors who have made Deposits at the Bank, may pay the Remainder of Subscriptions by Instalments. Exchequer Bills made out pursuant to 37 Geo. 3. 44 c. to dated prior to Jan. 21, 1797* or such as are contained in a Schedule annexed to the Act, to be received as Cash. Exchequer Bills so made out, bearing Date after May 1, x797» and becoming payable €l on Jug. 25, 1797, to be received as Cash in the Instalment due May 26, 1797, fAc. Guardians may sub- feribe for Infants. Discount to be allowed on Payment of the Whole of the Subscriptions in Advance j fC and on Subscriptions advanced in part.,

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, in respect of the said Sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds, shall for every one hundred Pounds by him, her, or them respectively advanced and paid, be entitled to Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum in respect of the said Principal Sums of one hundred Pounds and twenty-five Pounds, to commence from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until Redemption by Parliament in Manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred Pounds so advanced and paid, to a Reduced Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, in respect of the additional Principal Sum of fifty Pounds, from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until Redemption by Parliament in Mapner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred Pounds so advanced and paid, to a further Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum in respect of the additional Principal Sum of twenty Pounds, from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until Redemption by Parliament in Manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled in respe<5l of every such one hundred Pounds so advanced and paid, to a further Annuity of six Shillings and Sixpence (subject to a Deduction as hereinbefore mentioned) to continue for the Term of sixty-two Years and nine Months, from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and then to cease; which said respective Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, and of three Pounds ter Centum, and of four Pour Is per Centum respectively, and of six Shillings and Sixpence, (subject to such Deduction as hereinbefore is mentioned,) shall be payable and paid Half-yearly, by even and equal Poitions, (that is to say,) the said first mentioned several Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, on the fifth Day of July and the fifth Day of January in every Year and the said Reduced Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, and the said Annuities after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum, on the tenth Day of October and the fifth Day of April in every Year and the said Annuity of six Shillings and Sixpence (subject to such Deduction as i:fortsaid) on the said tenth Day of October and the said fifth Day of April in every Year; the first Payment upon the said first mentioned several Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, to be due on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and 37 Geo. III. 4B on

Cap. 97*

f Cap. x

Contribu toil entitled to certain Annuities.

546

Convention be--tween his Majesty and the JEmperor of Germany, recited.

C. 57,58,59. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgi 1 J1l. A.D. 1797.

on the said Reduced Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, and on the said Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum* on the tenth Day ot Qfioker one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven; and on the said Annuity of fix-Shillings and Sixpence-L\toje& to such Deduction as afurdaid) on the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven; but shall not be payable until the re-I’pective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have completed the Whole of the Sums by them subscribed for the Purchase of the said Annuities.

Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions as herein specified, to be entitled to Annuities from cC certain Periods^ Annuities payable at the Hank. The Dank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant General, and the Trealtlry to order Money to be issued to the Cashier. Cashier to pay Annuities without Delay, and the Accountant General to inspect his Accounts. Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions, 4< which may be assigned before Nov. 16, 1797. Cashier to give Security. Cashier to pay Money and Exchequer Bills, within five Days after received, into the Exchequer. A Book to be kept in the Accountant General’s Office for entering Contributors Names, a Duplicate of which to be transmited to cc the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions, entitled to their Annuities 41 Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, forfeited. As soon as Subscriptions are com-4C pleted they may be transferred. Annuities to be deenhed Personal Elf ate. Treasury may apply the Money paid into the Exchequer. Accountant General to keep Books for registering Transfers; in whose Office, Wills devising Stock must be entered. Transfers not liable to Stamp Duty. Treasury to pay incidental Expences out of Contributions, and to allow Salaries to the Cashier and Accountant Ge-<c neral. The 3 /. per Cents. Consols under this Act to be added to the Joint Stock of 3 / per Cent. Consols; 44 and the 3 I. per Cent. Reduced, to the Joint Stock of 3 /. per Cents. Reduced; and the 4l. per Cents. to the Joint Stock of the 4 /. per Cents. Annuities of 6 s. 6 d. to be added to the Annuities for 99 and 98 Vears. 44 Annuities granted by this Act, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund. Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, to fufter Death. The Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease. No Fee to be taken for receiving Subscriptions, or paying or transferring Annuities, oil Penalty of 20 /. General Blue. Treble Costs. Act may be altered this Session."

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop) and for opening convenient Avenues thereto.

[11th May 1797.]

CAP. LIX.

An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of one million six hundred and twenty thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, and the regular Redemption of the Capital to be created thereby *, for enabling the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain the Sums granted for repaying Advances made by them for the Public Service; and for repaying to the Contributors ro the Loans of fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds, and one million six hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, the Excess of their Deposits beyond the proportional Deposits to the said Loans.

[25th May 1797.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS, by a Convention, signed on the Part of your Majesty and the Emperor of Germany, bearing Date the sixteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninetyTeven, it was agreed, that your Majesty having advanced the Sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand Pounds for the Service of his Imperial Majesty, the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand Pounds should be raised by Loan on Account of his Imperial Majesty, on the Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned; and that your Majesty had engaged to propose to your Parliament to guarantee the regular Payment of the Half-yearly Dividends on the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, and also to provide for guaranteeing the Payment of a Sum equal to one Pound per Centum per Annum of the Capital to be created by such Loan, to be applied to the Reduction thereof: And whereas, we, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have resolved that Provision be made for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on such Loan, and of the said Sum »o be applied to the Re-

dudlion of the Capital created thereby, conformably to the said Convention: May it*therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted,* &V. '

Contributors to the Loan by virtue of 37 Geo. 3. c. 57. may subscribe to a Loan to the Emperor, and for every 100l. shall be entitled to a Principal in the 3 I. per Cents, of 226l. ioj. from Jan. 31, 1797. 44 1 epofits to a further Loan of 3,c;oc, oooo/. by Contributors to the Loan under 37 G,o 3. c 57. to be deemed Deposits towards the Loan under this Adh; and the Remainder of Subscriptions thereto may be paid by installments. Guardians may subscribe for Infants. Discount to be allowed on Payment of the Whole of Subscriptions before Nov. 17, 1797* Discount to be allowed on Payment of instalmems in

14 44 advance.

547

44

it

44

" advance. In Default of Payment by the Emperor, the Dividends to be paid at the Bank, and charged tc upon the Consolidated Fund; but not till Subscriptions to both Loans are completed, and Debentures produced for Annuities on the Loan under this Act. Contributors entitled to certain Annuities. Contributors paying the Whole of Subscriptions by Ol7. 25, 1797, to be entitled to three Quarters Divi- dends on Nov* 1, 1797* Cafhitr to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may be assigned bef >re Arsu. 16, 1797. Cashier to give Security, and pay Money within five Days after received into the Exchequer. Contributors, duly paying Subscriptions, entitled to Annuities Tax free. Subscriptions paid in parr, and not completed, forfeited. A Book to be kept in the Accountant General's Office for entering Debentures iflbed by the Emperor’s Agents, and a Duplicate of it to be transmitted to the Exchequer. Agents of the Emperor may pay to the Bank the Dividends, and shall deliver Accounts of the Sums to grow due Half-yearly, &c. If the whole Dividends be not paid to the Cashier, he is to certify the same to the Directors, which shall be transmitted to the Treasury, who shall cause the Deficiency to be issued u out of the Consolidated Fund. Treasury to lay before Parliament an Account of the Sums issued, and of a what has been repaid determined by the Emperor. Debentures issued in the Name of the Emperor, may be entered Ci at the Bank, and transferred. In Default of Payment by the Emperor of 1 /. per Cent. per Annum of the Capital, a suffic:ent Sum to be paid Quarterly out of the Consolidated Fund to the Bank, and placed to 44 the Account of the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt. Treasury may apply the Money paid into the Exchequer. Treasury to pay incidental Expences out of Contributions, and allow Sa-4t laries to the Cashier and Accountant General. Annuities with Consent of the Proprietors, to be added to the 3 per Cents, guaranteed by 35 Geo. 3. r. 93. Contributors to be deemed contenting, unless Dissent be signified before "June 1$, 1797. No Stamp Duties to be charged for Debentures,^. Penalty for forging Debentures, Annuity Bonds, Letters of Attorney, fcfc. The Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities cease. No Fee to be taken for receiving Subscriptions, or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 20/ General Issue. Treble Costs. The Bank to retain c,500,000l. out of the Instalments on the two Loans, in Part of Advances for the Public Service. Part of §3. of the Act 37 Geo. 3. c. 57. recited. As the whole Loan is not to be raised, the Excess of Contributions to be paid out of Instalments due May 26, 1797."

<t

44

CAP. LX.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned.

[25th May 1797.]

WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerk- ships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned, it is enacted, That with- in the Bills of Mortality, from and after the fifth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, and in every other Part of England and JP^ales^ from and after the tenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of every Contraft in Writing, made after the said fifth and tenth Days of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respectively, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Solicitor or Attorney in any of the Courts of Law or Equity in the said Act mentioned, in pursuance of the Laws then in Force for the better Regulation of Solicitors and Attornies* divers Rates and Duties in the said Act mentioned; and the Indentures or other Writings containing such Contraft, duly stamped according to the Directions of the said Act, are required to be enrolled or registered with the proper Officer to be appointed for that Purpose by the Court wherein such Person shall propose to be afterwards admitted a Solicitor or Attorney by virtue of the Service under such Contraft, together with an Affidavit of the Time of the Execution of such Contract by such Clerk; and in case such Indenture or other Writing shall not be so enrolled or registered within lix Months next after the Execution thereof, together with such Affidavit of the Time of Execution of such Contraft, then and in such Case the Service of such Clerk under such Indenture or Writing, shall be deemed to commence from the Time of such Enrolment or Registry only, and not from the Execution of such Indenture or Writing: And whereas the said Act did not receive the Royal Assent until tnetwenty- eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and several Pet Tons were bound by In- dentures and Writings made after the said fifth and tenth Days of February respectively, and before the said twenty-eighth Day of Marchs and which Indentures and Writings are charged with and liable to the said Duties imputed by the said Act, and no Provision is therein made for the Payment of the same, or for the Enrolment or Registry of such Indentures and Writings respectively: And whereas it is reasonable that some Provision should be made for that Purpose;’ therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in th s present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any and every such Indenture and Writing, made after the said fifth and tenth Days of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respectively, and before the said twenty-eighth Day of Atarch in the same Year, whereon any such Duty is by the said Act required to be paid, shall and may, on Payment of the Duty thereby required, on or

4 B 2 before

4

34. Geo. 3.C. 14-recited.

imposing Duties on Contract* made after Feb. 5 and xo, 17941

which Act did not receive the Royal Assent till March 28, 1794.

Indenture* made after 5th and 10th Feb. 1794, and before Mar.h *8#

C. 6o,6l. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

1794, whereon before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be stamped with the proper any Duty isre- Stamp in that Behalf; and the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to manage the Duties on ^icTb t{heCre. damped Parchment, Paper, and Vellum, are hereby authorized and required to cause the same to be damped Sled Act, may, accordingly.

on Payment of the Duty by Aug. 1, 1797, be stampt.

Indentures stampt may be enrolled within two Months.

Service of Clerks, whose Indentures have been already stamped, or who have been bound by newlndentures, to commence from Date of the tuft Indentures.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Indenture and Writing shall and may, at any Time within two Calendar Months next after the same shall be so damped by virtue of this Act, be enrolled and registered by the proper Officer of the Court for that Purpose, together with an Affidavit of the Time of the due Execution of such Contra£l, in Manner directed by the said Act; and such Officer of the said Courts is hereby required and authorized to enrol and regider the same accordingly; and the Service of every such Clerk shall be deemed and taken to commence according to the due Execution of such Indenture and Writing; the said Act or any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas several Persons who were bound as Clerks to Attornies by such Indentures and Writ-

c ings as aforesaid made after the said fifth and tenth Days of February respectively, and before the said twenty eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, have since procured the said Articles to be damped with the Stamp required by the said Act to denote the Payment of the said Duties, and other such Persons have been again bound by Indentures and Writings duly damped according to the said Act y 4 and it is reasonable that some Relief should be given to such Clerks in respect to the Time when their Service shall be deemed to commence ;’ therefore, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case where the said Duty has, since the passing of the said Act, been already duly paid, and such Indenture or Writing has been already duly damped, or where such Clerk has been again bound by any Indenture or Writing duly damped according to the said Act, that then and in every such Case the Service of such Clerk shall be deemed and taken to have commenced at the Time of the Execution of such fird Indenture or Writing, and agreeable to the Terms thereof, provided the same has been already, of shall be in the Time and in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, enrolled and registered, together with an Affidavit of the Time of the Execution thereof; any Thing inr the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding., n 1

CAP. LX I.

37 Geo. 3. c. 34.

recited.

fcfciCcd Act revived.

An Act to revive, amend, and continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Tears of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Premtjfory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

[25th May 1797.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act toJufpendyfor a

limited Time, the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Tears of the Reign of his present Majesty, for refraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas it was by the said Act, amongst other Things, enacted, That if any Person, liable to the Payment of any of such Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, as may be issued in pursuance of the said Act, should iregled or fail to make full Payment, in Money, of the Sum or Sums for which such Notes, Draughts, or Under- takings, in Writing, should be respectively given or issued, or so much thereof as should be or remain due thereon respectively, by the Space of three Days after Demand thereof made by the Holder or Holders of such Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing; then and in that Case the Amount of the Money due, and Cods, should be levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Person liable to pay the same, in Manner by the said Act prescribed: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be revived, altered, and continued, and that the said Term of three Days, therein mentioned, should be extended to seven Days;* be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be, and the same is hereby revived.

Term allowed for Payment of any Note, to be fevtn Days.

Continuance of this Act,

which may be altered or repealed this Session. f3!re ft/lf

Caf. 12,0 ]

II. And it is further enacted, That the said Act shall be in Force from the first Day of this instant May, and that the Term allowed for Payment of any Note, Draught, or Undertaking, in Writing, therein mentioned, shall be seven Days; till the Expiration of which Time no Warrant of Distress shall be ill’ued under the Authority of the said Act, so revived and amended as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Act (6 amended shall have Continuance until the eighth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this prdent Session of Parliament.

CAP

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 62, 63.

549

for Sums uruler a certain Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons ivi Motes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom; it was enacted, that, fron

CAP. LX 11.

An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom.

[25th May 1797.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, yin A:1 to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Motes

have issued

_, w, from and after the passing of the same, it should be lawful to and for the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, the British Linen Company, and all other Banks or Banking Companies in Scotland, who, on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, had exercised the Business of Banking, or keeping any Bank for Receipt of Money, and had issued Notes under the Firm of such Bank in the Nature of Bank Notes, (but to and for no other Person or Persons, Company or Companies whatsoever,) 4 to issue Notes, Bills, or Tickets in the Nature of Bank Notes, payable to the Bearer on Demand, for any Sum whatever under the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling, in the same Way that the said Banks and Banking Companies have heretofore been uled to issue Notes for twenty Shillings and upwards since the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and it was further enacted, that the said Act should continue in force until the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer: And whereas it is expedient to revive and continue the said Act for a further Time, and to amend the same j’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said hereinbefore recited Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby revived.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Act so revived shall continue and be in force from and Mter the Time thereby limited, until the fifteenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-i ven, and no longer. r ';

tiL' And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Carron Company to issue Notes, Bills, or Tickets in the Nature of Bank Notes, payable to the Bearer on Demand, for any Sum whatever under twenty Shillings Sterling, in the same Manner as the Banks and Banking Companies mentioned in the said recited Act are authorized to issue any Notes, Bills, or Tickets.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be enlarged, altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Cap. lx III.

An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors.

[25th May 1797.]

37 Geo. 3. c. 40.

recited.

Recited Act revived,

and continued till August 15,

>797-

The Carron Company may issue Notes, payable to Bearer on Demand, under aos. Sterling.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

[See toft, Caf*

,37*1

WHEREAS, in consequence of Articles of Capitulation, whereby certain Foreign Colonies or Settlements, or Parts thereof, have been or may hereafter be surrendered to his Majesty during the present War, certain Foreign Ships and Vessels may have been put or may be put under his Majesty's Protection: And whereas the said Ships and Vessels, not being taken and condemned as lawful Brize in any Court of Admiralty, cannot by the Laws now in force be registered as Prize Ships, and be entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of such Ships: And whereas it is just and expedient that Ships or Vessels which shall have been or may be so put under his Majesty's Protection, should be admitted in like Manner as Prize Ships to the Privileges and Advantages of British Ships or Vessels, under certain Re- gulations and Restrictions ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and wuh the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Foreign Ships and Vessels which, in consequence of any such Capitulation, shall have been or may be so put under his Majesty's Protection, at the Time of or in consequence of the Surrender of any Foreign Colony or Settlement, or Part of any Foreign Colony or Settlement, to his Majesty, shall and may he registered in like Manner as Ships taken and condemned as lawful Prize may, by the Laws now in force, be registered, and shall by virtue thereof become entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of British Ships or Vessels, under the Regulations and Restrictions herein after mentioned; Provided always, that no such Ship or Vessel ^WUT 'shall

Foreign Ship* put under his Majesty's Probation, in confluence of the Capitulation of any Foreign Colony, to be registered as Prize Ships, and entitled to the Privileges of British VclT.Ur under certain Regulation*

l

55°

Where Refirtry of such VeflVls is to be made.

Oath to be taken in the following

Form-

C. 63.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

shall be so registered but upon producing a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Person who commanded in chief by Sea or by Land at the Time when such Foreign Colony or Settlement, or Part of Foreign Colony or Settlement, was surrendered to his Majesty; or in cale of the Death or Departure of any such Odicer before such Certificate shall have been lo given, then, upon a like Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Person who shall command in chief by Sea or by Laud at such Colony or Settlement, or Part of such Colony or Settlement, tefhfying that such Ship or Vessel was put under the Protection of his Majesty at the Time of or in consequence of such Surrender, and upon Oath being made and subscribed before the Person or Persons authorized to make such Registry, and grant such Certificate of Registry respectiveljr,f which they are hereby respectively empowered to administer,) by the Owner of lurh Ship or Yefiel, if such Ship or Vessel is owned by or belongs to one Person only, or in case there shall be two joint Owners then by both of such joint Owners, if both shaft be resident within twenty Miles of the Port or Place where such Register is required; or by one of such Owners, if one or both of them shall be resident at a greater Distunce from such Port or Place; or if the Number of such Owners or Proprietors shall exceed two, then by the greater Part of the Number of such Owners or Proprietors, if the greater Number of them shall be resident within twenty Miles of such Port or Place as aforesaid, not in any Case exceeding three of such Owners or Proprietors, or by one of such Owners, if all shall be resident at a greater Distunce, declaring in the Form and Manner herein after directed, that such Ship or Vessel is wholly owned by natural-born British Subjects, or by Aliens that have been naturalized or made Denizens, or by Persons who have become Br'uifh Subjects by virtue of some Capitulation or Conquest, as aforesaid, and have taken the Oath of F ulclity and Allegiance to his Majesty, in consequence of such Capitulation or"Conquest, or by any or either of the before-mentioned Descriptions of Persons, and none other: Provided also, that such Registry shall not be made, nor Certificate of such Registry be granted, for any Shin or Vessel that has been or may be so put under his Majesty's Protection at the Cape of Good Hope, or Places adjoining thereto, but at the

Port of the Cape Town\ nor for any Ship or Vessel chat has been or may be so put under his Majesty's Protection in any Part of the Island of Ceylon, or of the Parts to the Eastward of the island of Ceykti, but in the Port of Coltirnbo in the Island of Ceylon; nor for any Ship or Vessel that has been or may be so put under his Majesty's Protection in any Part of the Coast of Malabar, but in the Port of Cochin-, jior for any Ship or Vessel that has been or may be so put under his Majesty's Protection in the *island of Trinidad in the West Indies, but in the Port of Scarborough in the Island of Tobago; nor for any Ship or Vessel that has been or may be so put under his Majesty's Protection in the Settlement of Demerary on the Continent of South America, but in the Port of Scarborough in the Island of Tobago; and that the said Ports of Cape Town, Columbo, and Cochin, and the said Port of Scarborough, shall respectively, for the Purpose of such Registry, be deemed and taken to be the Ports to which such Ship or Vessel belongs.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Oath before directed to be taken shall be in the Form and Manner following:

I A.B. of [Place of Residence and Occupation] do make Oath that the Ship or Vessel [Afame] of [Porf} or Place] whereof f Master*s Name] is at present Master, being [Kind of built, Burthen, et cetera, as de- feribed in the Certificate of the Surveying Officer] was [ when and where Built; or if Prize, Capture, and Condemnation; or if put under his Majesty's Protection, when and where]; and that I the said A.B. [and the other Owners Names and Occupations (if any), and inhere they respectively reside, videlicet, Town, Place,

1 1 uuc in KJitzai uuiam or irciauu, inc oj jucu rutiv'y, ioiun9 or \Aiy \ and ine IvamCf 0/

such House or Co-partnership] am [or are] sole Owner or Owners] of the said Vessel; and that no other Person or Persons whatever have or hath any Right, Title, Interest, Share, or Property, therein or thereto; and that I the said A.B. [and the said other Owners, if any,] am [or are] truly and bona fide a Subject or Subjects] of Great Britain; and that I the said A.B. have not [nor have any of the ether Owners, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief] taken the Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign State what- ever, [except under the Terms of some Capitulation, describing the Particulars thereof] or that since my taking [or his or their taking] the Oath of Allegiance to [naming the Foreign States respectively to which he or any of the said Owners shall have taken the same], and prior to the passing of an Act in the twenty- sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Encrease and Encourcgement of Shipping and Navigation, I have [or he or they hath or have] become a Subject [or Subjectsj of Great Britain, [either by his Majesty's Letters Patent, as a Denizen or Denizens) or naturalized

py nib ivjajcuy b l^euers raimt, or oy an t\ci or rariiamenc, paucQ unce me nrit way or January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, [naming the Times when such Letters of Denization have been granted respectively, or the Tear or Tears in which such Act or Acts of Naturalization have passed respectively,] or that I A.B. [and the other Owners, if any,] having become British Subject or Subjects] by virtue of a Capitulation or Conquest [describing the Particulars thereof as to Place, State, and Parties, j have [or be or ihey hath or have] taken the Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance to his Majesty the King of Great Britain,

[describing the Times ivhcn, the Place where, and before whom taken,] in consequence or such Capitulation; and that no Foreigner, directly or indirectly, hath any Share, or Part, or Interest, in the Uid Ship or

Vessel/ ’?h

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 63, 64,

4 1

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Ship or Vessel, being registered, and having a Certificate of Registry as aforesaid, and being navigated as British Ships are now, or may hereafter be required by Law to be navigated, to import and exnort to and from any Place or Places whatsoever, such Goods and Merchandizes respectively, and none other, as may be imported and exported by any Ship or Vessel c,.ken and condemned as lawful Prize; such importations and Exportations to be made in like Manner, and under and subject to the like Duties, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties ai d forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as if the same were made by any Ship or Vessel taken and condemned as lawful Prize: Provided always, that such Ships and Veflvls so put under his Majesty's Protection, shall not be allowed to import or export any Goods whatsoever to or from any Port in Europe not in the Possession of his Majesty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, at any Time on the Arrival of any such Ship or Vessel in any Port of Great Britain, upon Application to him made, and upon Consideration of such Circumstances as shall satisfy his Majesty of the Expediency thereof, to authorize any such Ship or Vessel (without Payment of any Duty whatever for the said Ship or \ eflel, or the Sails and other necessary Tack’e, Apparel, and Furniture thereof,) to be registered, and to have a Certificate thereof, as in the Case of a Prize Ship, in any Port in the Kingdom of Great Britain; and such Ship or VeflM so registered shall, in such Case, be entitled to all the Privileges and Advantages which belong, by Law, to Ships taken and condemned as lawful Prize.

V. And whereas, by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it is enacted, That no Alien, or Person not born within the Alleg ance of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, or natu alized or made a free Denizen, shall exercise the Trade or Occupation of a Merchant or Factor in any Lands, islands, Plantations, or Territories, to his Majesty belonging or in his Possession, or which might thereafter belong unto or be in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Asia, Africa, or America, upon pain of the Forfeiture and Loss of all his Goods and Chattels, or which are in his Possession;’ be it enacted, That every Person, although an Alien born, and neither naturalized nor

made a free Denizen, who shall reside in any Island or Place which has surrendered, or which shall hereafter surrender, to his Majesty, and be in his Majesty's Postcflion, and who shall have taken the Oath of Fidelity and Ailegiance to his Majesty, according to the Terms of the Capitulation under which such Island or Place shall have surrendered, (half be, and shall from the Time of such Surrender be deemed to have been, entitled to exercise the Trade or Occupation of a Merchant or Factor in any such Island or Place, during so

ll wo ciuvj cld me* iviujt u y a n»un uiu may uuoiv. 10 mv* i vi i i uvw j

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That th s Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, abridge, vary, or alter, any of the Rights or Privileges belonging to, and vested in, the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by any Charter, Act of Parliament, or otherwise whatsoever, respecting Personsresident in, or carrying on, or being concerned in any Trade to, from, or in any Place or Places within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the said United Co npany: but all Persons refuient, and <ill Tnde to be carried on within the said Limits, under

Good

British Subject, would be subject and liable to by Law for doing any Thing in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said United Company; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any-

wise notwithstanding.; "

VII. And be it lurther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the respect

tive Governors or Lieutenant Governors, or Officers commanding in chief of the Gape of Good Hote. of the Island of Ceylon, and of Cochin on the Coast of Malabar, or of the Island of Trinidad in the West Indies,

or of the Settlement of Demera'y on the Continent of South America, to administer the Oaths, grant the

Certificates, and do ail and every other Matters and I hings in and ab >ut the registering of the said Ships,

which, under the Authority of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the RHgn of his present Majesty,

intituled An A I fir the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, may be done by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in ChLf, and principal Officer or Officers ol his Majesty's Revenue f Customs, in any of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, respecting the regifleting of Ships there; and the said Governors or Lieutenant Governors, or

Officers commanding in chief at such Places respectively, shall appoint such Officers under them as they

ftialk mink proper, forlurveying the Ships to be registered, and for doing all other Things relating thereto,

which, in and by the said Act, is to be done by certain Officers of the Customs therein mentioned.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the ITefl India Blands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in foreign Bottoms.

[25th May 1797.]: 2

S51

Such Vessels may import and export as Prize Vessels.

His Majestyf may authorize such Vessels to be registered as Prize Ships in Great Britain.

12 Car. 2. c. 18.

Aliens redding in any Place surrendered to his Majesty, may act as Merchants or Factors; taking Oath of Allegiance.

Act not to abridge the Rights of the East India Company.-

Governors of Cape of Good Hope, Arc. may administer Oaths, gnnt Certificates of Registry, &c. agreeably to 26 Geo. 3. c. 60.

[See St at. J2 Car. 2. Cap. i8.

and the other Na» vigatkH Atli- J

CAP.

55*

Anno tricesimo septimo

D

Justices empowered to make an equal County Rate, according to the Annual Rent or Value of Estates in each Parish.

Churchwardens and Overseers to make a Return, upon Oath, of Amount of the real Rental of Estates in each Parish, within \a certain Time.

The like Return upon Oath to be made annually to the

-Michaelmas

Sessions.

PenUty for Neglect.

Penalty to be

levied by High

Constables, in Tike Manner as County Rates are levied under Mat. 12 Geo. a. c. 29.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County.

[25th May 1797.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Power and Authority should be given to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex% in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, to make a fair and equal County Rate, and for that Purpose to act'efs and tax rateably and in equal Proportions, according to the Annual Rent or Value of Estates, within all and every the Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, within the said County, for and towards^ the same:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Justices of the Peace f6r the said County of Middlesex, in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required from Fime to Time to alTels and tax all and every Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, and Place, within the said County, rateably and in equal Proportions, according to the Annual Rent or Value of Estates within such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamle^ and Place respectively.

II. And, in order the better to enable the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex,

4 to assess and tax rateably and in equal Proportions, all and every such Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts. Villages, Hamlets, and Places, be it further enacted, That at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Middlesex after the passing of this Act, the Church-wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said several Parishes. Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, shall, and they are hereby-required, within the two first Days of such next Sessions, to make a Return in Writing to the said Justices in Sessions assembled, which Return shall be verified upon Oath in open Court at the Time of delivering in the same, of the total Amount of the Rental or Value of the Estates within the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, to which they shall respectively belong, charged or assessed to the Poors Rate of and in the said Parish, Town,-Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, at the Time of making such Return; and where the proportionable Mode of rating is lets than the real Rent or Value, the same shall be stated and pointed out in ruing upon such Return, and veritiea as aforesaid, in order that the said Justices pnav be enabled to discover the real Amount of the Rental or Value of the Estates within the said several Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of all and every Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, V Hlage, Hamiet, or riace within the said County, or Tome or one of them- shall yearly and every Year, from and after the passing of this Act, within the two ffrU Days of the Afichaelmas Quarter hellions to be holden in and for the said County, make a Return to the Justices of the Peace^ihcn and there aiiemDicu, or the total'A mount of the Rental or Value of Estates within the said Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, at the Time of making the last preceding Rate for the Relief of the Poor, and also shall, when the proportionable Mode of rating is less than the real Rent

y every such Return

upon

eturn;

In Cases where Returns are ne

glelted to be made, Justices empowered to make a Rau.

or Value, state and point out the same in upon Oath in Manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any of the several Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places within the said County, shall neglect or make default in making such several Returns, to verified as aforesaid. at the next SclEons of the Peace after the passing of this Act, or in making such Annual Return at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, as hereinbefore dirtfted, that each and every such Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding one hiindretTPounds, as shall or may be ordered or adjudged by the said Justices in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, by way of Penalty lorduch Neglect or l^etault; and in case any such Penalty is not paid, the said Justices in such Session assembled, may issue their Warrant to the High Cor.liable of the Division where such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place shall be situate, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the respective Goods and Chattels of each and every Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, so neglecting or making default, in like Manner, and with such Powers and Authorities as the said High Constable is by a Statute, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more cafy affej[mgy ev, lectinand levying County Rates, vested with for levying on the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor the Sum assessed for the County Rate.

V. And W it further enacted, That it the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall so make " Default in making such Return as aforesaid, to the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions annually, or if it shall happen that notwithstanding the incurring of a Penalty or Penalties as aforesaid, for or on account of such Neglect or Default, a Return as aforesaid for any Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, H imlet, or Place, shall not be made within the Time before limited for the making thereof, it shall and may be lawful

9: to

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65. 553

Rate by Churchwardens and Overseers of tho Poor.

General Appeal*

to and for the said Justices, and they are hereby required, either at the said Quarter Sessions, or at some Tub-sequent General or Quarter Sessions to be heid for the said County, to rate and assess each and every the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, or Place, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of which shall so neglect or make Default as aforesaid, for and towards the said County Rate, according to such Estimate of just and fair Annual Rent or Value of the Estates within such Pariftj, Town, Liberty,

Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, or Parishes, Townships, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places respectively, as the said Justices shall be able to procure by any other Means than the Returns which are by this Act required to be made as aforesaid; and to order such Allowance and Compensation to be made to the Constables and other Persons within the several Districts and Divisions in the said County, for their Expences and Trouble in procuring, collecting, and levying the same, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable and proper; and that all such Allowances, Compensations, and other Expences as shall be thereby incurred, shall be by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, charged upon the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, or Place, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of which shall so neglect or make Default as aforesaid, in Addition to their Proportion of the said County Rate, and be collected and paid therewith.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tfrat if the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of Appeal a*ainst any of the said_ Parishes. Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places, within the said -

County* shall at any Time hereafter have Reason to believe that such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct,

Village, Hamlet, or Place is over-rated by any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act, such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their next General or General Quarter Sessions. against such Part of the Kate only as may affect the Parish or

____., _. >wered to hear and finally determine

the fame, and to give such Appellants such Relief as in their Discretion shall appear fair, just, and equal:

Provided nevertheless, that upon such Appeal, such Rate shall not be quashed or destroyed in regard to any other Parishes or Places assessed thereby; any Thing in this Act, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, That if any other Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, or the Powers hereby given, that he, she, or they shall and may appeal to the said Justices of the Peace of the said County, at their next General or General Quarter Sessions to be holden next after any such Cause of Appeal shall a rile; which Justices a7e hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the lame, and to give such Appellants such Relief as in their Discretion shall appear fair and just.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That all the Powers and Authorities in and by the said Act Powers and At»-of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and all other existing Laws relating to the thor5ti«in A a County Rate, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, except where altered by this Act. StSmied

' ccpt where altered by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer of the said County of‘ Expences of this Middlesex shall be, and he is hereby authorized and required to pay and discharge the reasonable Charges Act to be paid and Expences occasioned by the procuring and passing this Act, out of the first Money belonging to the said County which shall be in his Hands; such Charges being first examined and allowed by the said Justices at their General or Quarter Sessions.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, to order such Allowance and Compensation to be made to the Constables and other Persons within such Districts and Divisions in the said County, where no Rate is or shall be made for the Relief of the Poor, for their Expences and Trouble in collecting and levying the said County Rate within such Districts and Divisions, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable and proper; and to charge such Allowance and Compensation upon such Districts and Divisions in Addition to their Proportion of the said County Rate.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be brought or commenced, 6r any Proceeding had against any Person for any Thing done by virtue of this Act, until twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall have been given to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of, the Person or Persons against whom stich Action or Proceeding is intended to be had or brought, thereby setting forth the particular Cause of such Action or Proceeding; or after Tender of sufficient Amends have been made to the Party or.Parties aggrieved; or after six Calendar Months next after the Fact or Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action shall be brought before the Expiration of twenty-one Days next after Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient l ender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against ;he Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Treble Co A*.

37 Geo. III. 4C Remedy

by Treasurer out of County Rate.

Allowance to Constables, 4c c.

Limitation of Actions, Ax Months— twenty-one Days Notice-Tender of Amends—to he tried in Middlesex.

554

w

Xxpenees of Appeals, &c. pot to be charged to, or paid out of, the County Rate.

[Public Act.]

f Ssc Seat. 34 Cti. 3* f. 76* ]

Cap. 19. of Cap. 27.

On every Afllflf-ment made after April 5, 1797, under 24 Geo. 3. StfT. 2. C. 38. and 36 Geo. 3. c. 15,16, and 124, in respect of Duties under the Management of the

Comm ilTioners

for Taxes, an additional Duty of 10L per Cent. on the Amount to be levied.

On every AssessT-ment made after April 5, 1797, under24Gco>3. Sefl*. 2. c. 31. and 29 Geo. 3. c. 49. in respect of Duties on Horses kept for riding, or draw*

C. 65 - 69. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cods of Suit in any other Case by Law., v

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, Actions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law, as betwixt Parirti and Parish, or betwixt any Person or Persons and any Parish or Parishes, or any Person or Persons, respecting any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any other Act or Acts relating tathe County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, Actions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law, shall be borne and paid by such respective Parishes and Persons, or such of them, and in such Proportions, as the said Justices upon any Appeal in their General or Quarter Sessions shall award and order the same, or as such Courts wherein such Actions, Suits, or Proceedings shall be instituted, shall adjudge and order, and shall not be charged to, or paid out of, the County Rate.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for revelling certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in the former

Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[25th May 1797.]

CAP. lxvii.

* r 5

An Act to embank and drain the open and unembanked Lands and Grounds lying between The Dales Head Dyke and the River Witham, in the several Townships or Hamlets and Parishes of Walcot, Timberland~ Thorpe^ Timberland, Marlin, Linwood, and Blankney, all in the County of Lincoln.

[25th May 1797* ]

CAP. LXVIII.

4 /

An Act for charging the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the second, third, fourth, and fifth Dif-tridls, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, with further Taxes for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners for the said Districts respectively, under certain Acts passed in the twenty-second Year of King George the Second *, and in the twelfth Year of His present Majesty f; and for better improving, supporting, and preserving the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds.

[25 th J&y 1797.]

Cap. lxix. '& I Jj

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties

under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

[6th June 1797.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;’’ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon every Assessment which shall have been made, or which shall be made, after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament herein after next mentioned; that is to say. An Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and alj'o several Duties on inhabited Houses; and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee, and for repealing the Inland Duties of Exrife thereon; one other Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for gracting to his Majesty new Duties on certain Horses not charged with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules; one other Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, or drawing certain Carriages, therein mentioned; and one other Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Dogs; for or in respect of the several Rates and Duties thereby granted under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, an additional Rate or Duty after the Rate of ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the gross Amount thereof in such Assessment.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon every Assessment which shall have been, or which shall be made, after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament herein after mentioned; that is to say, under or by virtue of one Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable 5 under or by virtue of one other Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act,

10 pojfed

I

A.D. 179 7.

tricesimo sept

C. 69. 555

thorized

qssed in the twenty fifth Year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with two or three JVbeels therein mentioned\ for or in respect of the several Rates and Ddties on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage, in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and under or by virtue of the said several A els, passed in the last Session of Parliament, herein-before mentioned, for or in respect of the several Rates and Duties thereby respectively granted, a further additional Rate or Duty shall be charged after the Race of ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the gross Amount thereof in such Assessment.

nd be it further enacted, That the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall be au->r appointed, to put in Execution the several Acts relative to the Rates or Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of them, on the Amount of which the several Duties after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum, and the several further Duties after the like Rate of ten Pounds per Centum are hereby imposed, shall be Commissioners for Executing this present Act; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectors, A He fro rs, and Collectors respectively, appointed or to be appointed to put in Execution the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall be Surveyors, I nfpcdlors, Assessors, and Collegers, to put in Execution this present Act, according to the respective Powers and Authorities given to them by the said Acts, or any of them; and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons aforesaid, duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts before mentioned, shall and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all T hings necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or any of them are or is authorized to put in Execution the said Acts before mentioned, or any of them, or any Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Receivers General appointed, or who shall be appointed, to receive the Rates and Duties to be assessed and collected under or by virtue of the said Acts before-mentioned, shall, without any new Commission or Commissions to be had, obtained, or given, be Receivers General of the said several Rates or Duties hereby imposed within their respective Districts or Collections, unless other Receivers shall be appointed in pursuance of this Act, within such Districts or Collections respectively (such Receiver and Receivers giving such Security for duly answering the said Duties as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall require); and the said Receivers General being duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts before mentioned relative to the said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, shall and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for Hitting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said several Rates or Duties hereby imposed, in the ike and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorized to ad in the Execution of the said former Acts relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to appoint any Person or Persons other than the Receiver or Receivers of the said former Rates and Duties, to be the Receiver or Receivers of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, within or for any County, Riding, or Division, as the said Commissioners or the High Treasurer respectively shall think expedient.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates or Duties by this Act imposed upon the Amount of the several former Rates and Duties hereinbefore mentioned, shall and may be respectively ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such general Rules, Methods, and Directions, by which all the former Rates and Duties on the Amount of which the said Rates or Duties are by this Act imposed, or according to such special Rules, Methods, and Directions, by which such of the former Rates and Duties upon the Amount of which any of the said additional Rates or Duties may be chargeable by this Act, were or might be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said Rules, Methods, and Directions are expressly varied by this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relative.to the said former Rates and Duties, or any Part of them now in force, (and not hereby otherwise provided,) for the computing, surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the said Rates and Duties by any former Acts granted, as far as the same are applicable to the additional Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, and not repugnant to the particular Directions of this Act, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, for computing, surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as fully and efredtually to all intents and Purposes, as if the same or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the said additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed, shall commence (rom and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and shall be paid Quarterly in each Year, on the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say,) on the fifth Day of funitary, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by even and equal Portions, the fit ft Payment thereof to be made on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven. -

ifwl - 4

ing any Carriage* or under the Acts of last Session before mentioned, a further additional Duty of 10l. per Cent, on the Amount to be charged.

Commissioners, &c. for the Affairs of Taxes, to put this Act in Execution.

Receivers General appointed to recei vr t he Duties assessed under the Adc before mention-.ed, to receive the Duties hereby imposed.

Treasury may appoint other Receivers.

Additional Duties to be ascertained, &c. as former Duties,

Additional Duties to commence from April 5, 1797, and to be paid

Quantity.

556 C. 69, 70. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

31 Geo. 3. c. 5. and

3$ Geo. 3.C. 14. recited.

Duties under recited Act«, and this Act, raay be nfit fled in one Sum, &c.

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

VIII. And whereas the several Duties after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum, granted by an Act,

passed n the thirty-full Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commffoners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned; and of ten Pounds per Centum, granted by an Act, pafltrd in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty further additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commiss oners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned; and of ten Pounds per Centum, by this Act granted, make together the Sum of twenty Pounds per Centum, on the Amount of all the several Rates and Duties whereon the respective Duties of ten Pounds per Centum are imposed;’ be it further enacted, That in alTefting and charging the said respective Duties, after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the said former Duties, it shall be lawful for the said respective Commi dinners. Inspectors, Surveyors, and Assessors of the said Duties, to afjfcfs and charge the Sum of twenty Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of all the several Rates and Duties whereon the respective Duties of ten Pounds per Centum are imposed by the said several Acts, and this Act, in one Sum, and by one Assessment and Charge, instead of distinct Assessments and Charges; and to certify and return the same upon such Assessments to the respective Commissioners authorized to put the said Acts in Execution, at their respective Meetings to be held for returning such Assessments in all and every the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, 'Downs, and Places respectively; which said Sum and Sums so certified shall be added to the Amount of the former assessed Rates and Duties, and shall be collected, raised, levied, and received under the Rules, Regulations, and Directions prescribed by the said former Acts, subject nevertheless to such proportional increase or Abatement in the Amount thereof, as shall be necessary in case the said former Rates or Duties so assessed shall be increased or diminished by any Surcharge thereupon, or Appeal therefrom, in pursuance of the said former Acts., *- i .'V

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased Charge by any Loan of this Session, and for ten Years to be kept, with other Duties granted f r the same Purpose, fc pa-rate from other

Monies.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock created, or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or to be paired, in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, dillindlly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted, in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered Separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

---

CAP. LXX.

An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

[6th June 1797.]

'WHEREAS divers wicked and evil-disposed Persons, by the Publication of written or printed Papers, and by malicious and advised Speaking, have of late industriously endeavoured to seduce Persons serving in his Majesty's Forces by Sea and Land from their Duty and Allegiance to his Majesty, and to incite them to Mutiny and Disobedience;' be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Any Person who shall attempt to seduce any Sailor or Soldier from his Duty, or incite him to Mutiny, &c. to be guilty of Felony without Clergy.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Person who shall maliciously and advisedly endeavour to seduce any Person or Persons serving in his Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from his or their Duty and Allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite or stir up any such Person or Persons to commit any Act of Mutiny, or to make, or endeavour to make, any mutinous Assembly, or to commit any traiterous or mutinous Practice whatsoever, shall, on being legally convicted of such Offence, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

[Where Offences may be prosecuted.]

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed against this Act, whether committed on the High Seas or within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall and may be prosecuted and tried before any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for any County in that Part of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form as if the said Offence had been therein committed.

[Persons tried for Offences against this Act, not to be tried again for the same, as]

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any Person who shall be tried and acquitted, or convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall not be liable to be indicted, prosecuted, or tried again for the same Offence or Fact, as High Treason, or Misprision of High Treason; and that nothing in

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 70, 71. 557

[High Treason, or Misprision of High Treason, &c.]

this Act contained shall be construed to extend, to prevent any Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and who shall not be tried for the same as an Offence against this Act, from being tried for the same as High Treason, or Misprision of High Treason, in such Manner as if this Act had not been made.

[Continuance of Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the Expiration of one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for more effectually restraining Intercourse with the Crews of certain of His Majesty's Ships now in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and for the more effectual Suppression of such Mutiny and Rebellion.

[6th June 1797.]

'WHEREAS the Crews certain of his Majesty's Ships, notwithstanding the repeated Marks of his Majesty's gracious Favour and Condescension towards them, have persisted, and do still persist, in a most dangerous and criminal Mutiny, and in the Commission of divers Acts of the most heinous and treasonable Nature, against the Crown and Dignity of our Sovereign Lord the King, and to the manifest Danger of the Safety of this Realm, engaged in War against a Foreign Enemy: And whereas it is necessary that immediate Provision should be made for the Suppression and Punishment of Offences of so high and dangerous a Nature, and for deterring all others from being guilty of similar Crimes in future:' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Admiralty, by Order of the King in Council, may declare the Crew of any Ship to be in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and thereby warn all Subjects to abstain from Intercourse with the Crew. Such Declaration to be published in the Gazette, &c.]

That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or any three or more of them, being thereto authorized by Order of his Majesty in Council, to declare the Crew of any of his Majesty's Ships who have been guilty of Acts of Mutiny and Rebellion, and who still persist therein, and also the Crew of any other of his Majesty's Ships who shall be guilty of any of the like Offences, to be in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and by such Declaration to warn all his Majesty's faithful Subjects to abstain from all Communication or Intercourse with the Crews of the said Ships; and such Declaration shall forthwith be published in the London Gazette, and shall also (as soon as the same can conveniently be done) be proclaimed in his Majesty's Dock Yards.

[After such Publication, no Person to communicate with the Crew, or assist them.]

---

II. And be it enacted, That, from and after the Date of such Publication in the London Gazette, it shall not be lawful for any of his Majesty's liege Subjects, or others residing or being within this Realm, to have any Communication or Intercourse, whether personally or by Letter, Mellage, or otherwise, with the Crew of any Ship so declared to be in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, or with any Persons or Person being Part of such Crew, or with any Person who shall remain on Board the said Ship, after the Day on which such Declaration shall have been so published in the London Gazette as aforesaid, or in any Manner to supply, aid, comfort, or aifift the said Crew, or any Persons or Person being Part thereof, or any Person so remaining on Board the said Ship.

III. And be it enacted, That any Person who, after the Date of such Publication as aforesaid, shall wilfully and advisedly have any such Communication or Intercourse with such Crew, or with any Persons or Person being Part thereof, or with any Person so remaining on Board any such Ship as aforesaid, or in any Manner supply, aid, comfort, or aftift such Crew, or any Persons or Person being Part thereof, or any Persons or Person so remaining on Board the said Ship, shall, on Conviction thereof, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Date of such Publication as aforesaid, all Wages and other Allowances payable to the said Crew, or any of them, shall cease and determine, and be no longer payable, and they shall respectively from thenceforth forfeit and lole all Wages and other Allowances, and all Shares of Prizes then due to them respectively, and all Benefits or Advantages to which they might otherwise be entitled from Greenwich Hospital or the Chest at Chatham, and all other Btnefits and Advantages whatsoever, to which they might be otherwise entitled in consequence of their having served as Seamen or Marines on Board any of his Majesty's Ships; and that all Persons voluntarily remaining on Board any of

Felons by virtue of an Act.t, made in the cieventh i car or King ivuiiar more effiftual Supprejion of Piracy, or any other Act, ought to suffer.

* tion to be adjudged gui

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to such Communication or Intercourse as may be carried on with the said Crews, or any Persons remaining on Board the said Ships as aforesaid, by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or any three or more of them, or by their Order or Authority, or by the Order or Authority of such Persons or Person as may be authorized by them to giant permission or to give Directions in that Behalf.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it (lvdl be lawful for the Lord Hig.i Admira!yor Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, ur any three or more of them, in such Man-

IW S* & ner

Persons communicating with such Crew, or a/filling them, to be guilty of Felony Without Clergy.

From such Pub. licat on the Crew shall for. feit all Wages, Allowances, l’r.zc Money,

&c.;

and all Persons voluntarily remaining on Board after Knowledge of Deciara-

adjudged guilty of Piracy and Felony, as under Stat. 11 and iz W. 3. c. 7.

Act not to extend to Communications with the Admiralty.

The Admiralty, as autiioi ized by tus Majesty,

55»

may accept the Submission of the Crcsv, &c.

Where Offences may be prosecuted.

Persons tried for Offences against this Act, not to be tried avain

W

for the same, as I"igh Treason or Misprision of High Treason, &c.

C. 71,72. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

ner as his Majesty Xliall authorize and require, to accept the Submission of the Crew of any Ship which shall have been so declared to be in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, or of any Person or Persons, Part of such Crew, or of any Person or Persons on Board of any such Ships, or to declare any such Person or Persons to have returned to their Duty, and thereupon to declare the Persons or Person whose Submission shall be so accepted, or who shall be so declared to have returned to their Duty, to be exempted and relievtd from all or any of the Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act contained, in such Manner, and under such Terms and Restrictions as his Majesty shall think fit; and from and after such Declaration, nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any such Intercourse or Communication as aforesaid, with any Persons or Person to whom such Declaration shall apply.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed against this Act, whether committed on the High Seas or within that Part of Great Britain called England shall and of Oy#r and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for any County in ch Manner and Form as if the said Offence had been therein

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enabled. That any Person who shall be tried and acquitted, or convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall not be liable to be indicted, prosecuted, or tried again for the same Offence or Fad, as High Treason, or Misprision of High Treason; and that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to prevent any Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and who shall not be tried for the same as an Offence against this Act, from being tried for the same as High Treason, or Misprision of High Treason, in such Manner as if this Act had notbeeU made.

may be prosecuted and tried before any Court that Part of Great Britain called England, in f committed.

---

[Continuance of Act.]

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be in Force until the Expiration of one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

[Act may be altered during the present Session.]

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to amend or alter this Act, or any Part thereof, during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation.

[6th June 1797.]

[27 Geo. 3. c. 13. §22. and]

---

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the importation of certain Goods, Warts, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Re au ft ion of the National Debt \ among other Things the Importation of Cambrics and Lawns was allowed directly from France, or any of the European Dominions of the French King, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, and on Payment of certain Duties, as set forth and described in Table C. annexed to the said recited Act: And whereas among other Things it is enacted by the said recited Act, that all Cambrics or French Lawns, legally imported, shall and may be worn, used, oY consumed in Great Britain, or sold or exposed to Sale therein, and shall not be subject to Seizure or Forfeiture on account of such Importation, nor shall the Person or Persons who shall import, wear, use, or consume the same, or who shall sell or expose to Sale the same, or have the same in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, Fine or Fines whatever, for wearing, using, consuming, felling, or exposing to Sale the same: And whereas the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns was allowed by the said recited Act, and the Duty was charged, and such Cambrics and French Lawns were permitted to be worn, used, and consumed, and to be sold or exposed to Sale, in consequence of a Treaty of Navigation and Commerce concluded between his Britannic Majesty and the French King, the Operation of which Treaty is now at an End; and it is therefore expedient that so much of the said recited Act as permits the importation of Cambrics and French Lawns, on Payment of Duty, to be worn, used, or consumed, and to be sold, or exposed to Sale in this Kingdom, should be repealed;

[4 Geo. 3. c. 50. §3. recited.]

and it is also expedient, that so much of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty^ as directs, that no Cambric or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland until the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns into Ireland fall be prohibited by Law, to air low the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns from the Austrian Netherlands/or a limited Time for making more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent relanding of Tobacco jhifped for Exportation, as permits or allows any Cambrics or French Lawns which shall have been imported and warehoused for Exportation, to be delivered from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been deposited, on Payment of such Duty for the same as Cambrics and French Lawns are by the said recited Act made subject and liable to, should in like Manner be repealed 5 and that no 1 Cambric or Lawn whatever, other than of the Manufacture. of Ireland, should, during the Continuance of

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 72. 559

this Act, be permitted to be imported, except to be warehoused in this Kingdom for Exportation there- from, according to the Laws now in Force i’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Acts, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, as permits or allows the Importation of Cambrics or French Lawns, other than to be lodged in a Warehouse according to Law, in order to be again exported from thence, or the taking of any such Cambrics and Lawns out of any Warehouse or Warehouses on Payment of Duty, to be worn, used, and consumed, or to be sold or exposed to Sale in this Kingdom, shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures relating to the Importation, wearing, using, and consuming such Cambrics and Lawns, ar»d to the felling or exposing the same to Sale in this Kingdom, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, oe in full Force, in like Manner as if the said recited Acts, allowing such Cambrics and Lawns to be imported, and to be used, worn, and consumed, and to be sold or exposed to Sale in this Kingdom, had not been made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or becondrued to extend, to prohibit or prevent the Importation into this Kingdom of Cambrics or Lawns

of the Manufacture of Ireland, repealed. Act not to prevent the Importation of Irish Cam!

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cambrics and Lawns of the Manufacture of Ireland, which, from and after the fird Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, shall, after the same have been entered at the Cudom House, and before the same shall be discharged by the Officers, and delivered into the Cudody of the Importer or his Agent, be marked, damped, or sealed in such Manner, and with such Mark or Stamp, or Seal, and by such Officer or Officers, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Cudoms in England, or any four or more of them, for the Time being, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Cudoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, shall respectively direct or appoint for that Purpose.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, having in his, her, or their Cudody or Possession, in any Part of this Kingdom for Sale, any such Cambrics or Lawns so directed to be marked, damped, or sealed as aforesaid, or any other Cambrics or French Lawns, shall, on or before the fird Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, bring or cause such Cambrics or Lawns to be brought to the Cudom House for the Port neared to the Place where such Cambrics and Lawns shall be, and shall make Proof on Oath before the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Cudoms at such Port (which Oath such Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer, is and are hereby required to administer without Fee or Reward) that the said Cambrics and Lawns were lawfully imported, and for such as are liable to the Payment of Duties, that the legal Duties due and payable to his Majesty were paid upon the Importation of such Cambrics and Lawns, if the same were imported by him, her, or them, or that such Cambrics or Lawns was or were purchased by such Person or Persons (having Possession thereof) in a legal fair Way of Trade, and that he, she, or they verily believe the legal Duties due and payable to his Majesty have been duly paid for the same, mentioning the Time when and the Port where such Cambrics and Lawns were imported, or the Time when and of whom such Cambrics, and Lawns were purchased, (as the Case may be,) and such Cambrics and Lawns shall be thereupon, without Fee or Reward, marked, damped, or sealed, in such Manner, and with such Mark, Stamp, or Seal, and by such Officer or Officers, as the said Commissioners of the Cudoms in England and Scotland respectively shall direct and appoint for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fird Day of August

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in case any Cambrics, or Irish or French Lawns, shall be found in any Shop, Warehouse, or orher Place whatsoever upon Land, within this Kingdom, not being in a Warehouse wherein the same shall have been deposited according to Law in order to be again exported, and shall not be marked, damped, or sealed as herein is directed, the same shall be forfeited and lod, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cudoms, and shall and may be prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in the same Manner, and by the same Rules and Regulations as Cambrics and French Lawns clandedincly imported and run into this Kingdom may be prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of by any Law now in Force: Provided always, that if it shall be found impracticable or inconvenient in any Case to bring such Cambrics or Lawns to the Cudom House to be marked, damped, or sealed as herein directed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Cudoms in England and Scotland respectively, to authorize and direct their Officers to mark, damp, or seal such Goods in such other Place or Places as they shall think fit, on all the Regulations and Redri&ions of this Act being fully complied with.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forge or counterfeit any Mark, Stamp, or Seal, to resemble any Mark, Stamp, or Seal which shall be provided or used in pursuance of this Act, or shall forge or counterfeit the Impression of any such Mark, Stamp, or Seal upon any Goods required by this Act to be marked, damped, or sealed, or shall fell, or expose to Sale, or have in his, her, or their Cudody or Possession, any such Cambrics or Lawns with a counterfeit Mark, Stamp, or Seal thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, all and every such Offender and Offenders, and his, her, and their Aiders, Abettors, and Affidants, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Cudoms as shall sue and prosecute for the same, and such Offender and Offenders dull also be adjudged to differ one Year’s Imprisonment.

After Aug. 1, 1797, any Cambrics or Lawns found, except in a legal Warehouse for Exportation, and not marked, to be forfeited.

Commissioners of Customs may direct Lawns to be marked in any Place.

Penalty for counterfeiting Marks, See, 100l. and one Year’s Imprisonment.

560

Cambrics and French Lawns lei zed, to be sold for Exportation ft.dy.

Comm tfTioners of Curtorns may cause Lawns, seized at other Poits, to be sold in London.

No Cambrics cr French Lawns to be exported but from London, and in Vessels of ico Tons or upwards.

C. 72, 73. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Vf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cambrics and French Lawns which have been or shall be seized and condemned, shall be fold and diCposed of for Exportation only, under and subject to the several and respective Rules, Regulations, Restri<5lions, Penalties, and Forfeitures by the Laws in Force on and immediately before the passing of the said recited Act in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. Jj. y

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, to cause all Cambrics and Lawns which have been or may hereafter be seized and condemned at any other Port than the Port of London, to be brought to and publicly fold in the said Port of London.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Cambrics or French Lawns, whether the same shall have been imported and warehoused for Exportation, or shall have been seized and condemned for any Cause of Forfeiture, shall be exported from, or entered for Exportation at any other Port than the Port of London, or in any Ship or Vessel which shall not be of the Burden of one hundred Tons or upwards.

Recovery and Application of Fints.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

T reblc Cods.

Act not to extend to Cam brics or French Lawns imported and warehoused by Licence of the Customs, before Sept. 1, 1797

No such Licence to be granted but on Proof that the Cambrics and Fiench Lawns were ordered before May 1, 1797.

Continuance of Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall and may be sued for, levied, and recovered by such Ways. Means, or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered by any Law or Laws of Customs, or by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, sue for, or discover the same.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of or by Colour of this Act, or of any Matter or T hing in this Act contained, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of three Months after the Offence shall be committed; and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence, and that the same was dqpe in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as the Defendant or Defendants

hath or have in other Cases by Law. - sj /

XI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to hinder or prevent, or be construed to extend to hinder or prevent, the Entry for Home Consumption of any Cambrics or French Lawns which have been imported and warehoused, or may be imported by Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs to b'* warehoused, on or before the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and such Cambrics and French Lawns shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations* Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures of this Act.

XII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That no Cambrics or French Lawns which shall be imported (under Licence) after the passing of this Act shall be admitted to Entry for Home Consumption, unless Proof be first made, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, that the Importer or Proprietor of such Cambrics and French Lawns was actually and bond fide under Contract for such Cambrics and French Lawns, or had given Orders and Directions for the Supply thereof before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force until thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LXXIII. y v

An Act for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies.

[6th June 1797 ]

WHEREAS Seamen and Mariners, after entering into Articles to serve on Board British Merchant Ships, during the Voyages from Great Britain to his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies, and back to Great Britain, do frequently desert from such Ships on their Arrival at or in such Colonies and Plantations, on account of the exorbitant Wages given by Mailers and Commanders of other British Merchant Ships, by the Run or Gross, to Seamen and Mariners, when in such Colonies or Plantations, to induce them to enter on Board their Ships: And whereas such Seamen and Mariners, upon entering into Articles for such Voyages from Great Britain, usually receive large Sums of Money in Advance, for the Purpose of theif Outfit; and Monthly Allowances are frequently paid to their Families, towards their Support and Maintenance, during the Absence of such Seamen and Mariners: And

56*

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 73.

whereas such Desertions have been the Means of depriving many Merchant Ships of a sufficient Number of Seamen and Mariners to navigate them back to Great Britain, and thereby occasioned great Losses to the Merchants trading to the said Colonies and Plantations: For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, all and every Seaman, Mariner, and other Person who (half desert, at any Time during the Voyage, either out or home, from any British Merchant Ship trading to or from the said Colonies or Plantations, shall, over and above all Punishments, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which he is now by Law subject, forfeit all the Wages he may have agreed for with, or be entitled to during the Voyage from the Mailer or Owner of the Ship on Board of which he shall enter, immediately after such De-ftrtion.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Mailer or Commander of any British Merchant Ship who shall, from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, hire, or engage to serve on Bo^rd his Ship or Vessel any Seaman, Mariner, or other Person who shall, to the Knowledge of such Mailer, have deferred from any other Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as herein after directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Mailer or Commander of any Merchant Ship or Vessel which shall, from and after the full Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fail or proceed from any Port or Place in Great Britain^ shall hire or engage, or cause or procure to be hired or engaged, any Seaman, Mariner, or other Person, at any Port or Place within his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indie*, to serve on Board any such Merchant Ship or Vessel at or for greater or more Wages or Hire for such Service than according to the Rate of Double Monthly Wages, contracted for with the Seamen, Mariners, and other Persons, hired or engaged to serve on Board such Ship or Vessel at the Time of her then last Departure from Great Britain, being in the same Degree and Station in which such Seaman, Mariner, or other Person, shall be so hired or engaged at any such Port or Place as a fore said; unless the Governor, Chief Magistrate, Collector, or Comptroller of such Port or Place in the said Colonies or Plantations shall think that greater or more Wages or Hire than Double the Monthly Wages aforesaid should or ought to be given to such Seaman, Mariner, or other Person as aforesaid, and do and shall accordingly authorize or direct the same to be given by Writing under his Hand; that then and in such Case the Mailer or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall and may be at Liberty to pay, and the Seaman, Mariner, or other Person on Board such Ship or Vessel to receive, such greater or higher Wages as such Governor, Chief Magistrate, Collector, or Comptroller, shall direct, as aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Bonds, Bills, Notes, and other Securities, Promises, and Undertakings, which shall be made, entered into, or given, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this AC1, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes *, and that the Mailer or Commander of any such Merchant Ship or Vessel, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall make, enter into, or give, or cause or procure to be made, entered into, or given, any such Contract, Bond, Bill, Note, or other Security, Promise, or Undertaking, or who shall hire or engage, or cause or procure to be hired or engaged, any Seaman, Mariner, or other Person, to enter on Board any Ship or Vessel contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or who shall pay, or cause or procure to be paid or given, any greater or more Hire or Wages, or other Gratuity or Advantage whatsoever, to or for any Seaman, Mariner, or other Person so hired or engaged at any such Port or Place within his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies as aforesaid, than is allowed or directed by this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, in the Manner herein after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Mailer and Mailers of any Merchant Ship or Merchant Ships trading to his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies, shall have on Board his or their Ship or Ship3 at the Time of such Shipor Ships clearing out from Great Britain, one Apprentice, who shall be under the Age of seventeen Years, duly indented for three Years, for every one hundred Tons Admeasurement of such Ship or Ships, and so in proportion for every one hundred Tons which such Ship or Ships shall admeasure, according to the Certificate of Regillry, and the Indenture or Indentures of every such Apprentice shall be duly enrolled at the Custom House of the Port from whence any such Ship shall clear out, with the Collector or Comptroller, within one Month after the Date or Execution thereof; which said Apprentice and Apprentices shall be, and is and are hereby exempt from serving in his Majesty's Navy for the Space of three Years from the Date of such Indenture or Indentures; and ail and every Owner or Owners, or Mallei* and Mailers neglecting to enroll the same as aforesaid, flial!, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be paid in Manner following *, (that is to say,) one Moiety by the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Ships, and the other Moiety by the Alafter or Mailers thereof, to be levied^ recovered, and applied, in Manner herein after mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Mailer and Mailers of such Ship or Ships shall, within ten Days after their Arrival out at any Port or Ports in the said Colonies or Plantations, and also within ten Days after their Arrival home at any Port or Ports in Great Britain, deliver, upon Oath, to be made before the Collector or Comptroller of such Port or Ports respectively, (who is hereby authorized to administer the same,) a true and exact Lift and Description of all and every the Crew on Board such Ship or Ships at the Time of their clearing out from any Port or Ports in Great Britain, and also of the Crew on Board the same at the Tifne of* their Arrival in any Port or Ports in the said Colonies or Plantations, and a so a true and exact List and Description of all and every Seaman, Mariner, or other Person who has or have deserted

t

From July t, 1797, Seamen deftrting from Merchant Ships to or from the West Indies, to

forfeit their Wages, on board the Ship entered into after such Defcrtiun.

Matters hiring Seamen who have deserted from any other Ship, to forfeit

100L

No Matter failing from Great Britain after July 1, 1797, shall hire Seamen in the West Indies at more than Double Wages, unless authorized by the Governor, &c.

Contradb contrary to this Act void, and Persons entering into them, &c. to forfeit tool.

Every Ship trading to the West Indies to have one Apprentice under, 17 Years old, for every 100 Tons Burthen, &c.

Apprentices exempt from serving in the Navy for three Years.

Penalty of 10l. for not enrolling the m.

Matters of such

Ships, within 10 Days after Arrival, our and home, to deliver Lifts con-ta.ning certain Particulars, on Peria.ty of 50l.

562

C. 73-

, Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Colleger, &c. entitled to 25.

6d- on Delivery of Lifts, which may be inspect-td on Payment

Of 15.

No Seaman entering on Board any Vessel in the West Indies which failed from England after July r,

1797, to be entitled to greater Wages than herein authorized.

Wages of dead Men to be paid to the Receiver of the 6d. Duty for Greenwich Hospital, on Penalty of 50l. and Double the

Wages.

from such Ship or Ships, or who has or have died during the Voyage \ and also a true Account of the: Wages due to each Seaman, Mariner, or other Person so dying, at the Time of his Death; and all and every Master and Masters omitting, neglecting, or refusing so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and for which said Lift and Account so delivered, such Collector or Comptroller shall be entitled to demand and receive, from the Person so delivering the same, the l*ee of two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Matter and Matters of any Ship or Ships, or other Person or Persons, to inspe£l such List and Lifts, from Time to Time, as he or they may think proper; for which Inspection the said Collector or Comptroller shall be entitled to demand and receive from the Person making the same, the Sum of one Shilling, and no more.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Seaman, Mariner, or other Person, who shall, at any Port or Place within his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, hire or engage himself to serve, or who shall in the said Colonies or Plantations enter on Board any Merchant Ship or Vessel which shall fail from Great Britain after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be entitled to, nor shall he sue for, recover, or receive, any greater or more Wages or Hire, or other Gratuity or Advantage whatsoever, on account of or for such his Service, than such. Wages or Hire as hereinbefore authorized or directed to be paid or received.

Disposition of such Wages if not demanded of the Receiver in three Years.

Disposition of Penalties.

the

mens

Recovery of Penalties.

not to extend to Seamen producing Certificates of Discharge.

Marters to grant such Certificates on Penalty of 2d.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be due for Wages to any Seaman, Mariner, or other Person hired or engaged on Board any British Merchant Ship for any Voyage from any Port or Ports in Great Britain to any Port or Ports in the said Colonies or Plantations, and who has or have died on Board during the Voyage, shall, within three Calendar Months after the Arrival of such Merchant Ship in any Port or Ports in Great Britain, be paid to the Receiver of the Sixpenny Duty for Greenwich Hospital for the Time being, to the Use of the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, of the Seamen, Mariner, or other Person (o dying; and if.any Matter of any such Merchant Ship shall neglect or refuse to pay over, or tender to the said Receiver, all and every such Sunv and Sums of Money within the Time hereinbefore limited, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence* the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also Double the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money so due to any Sea-man, Mariner, or other Person for Wages, as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every such Suiti and Sums of Money which shall not be lawfully demanded of the said Receiver within the Term of three Years after Payment thereof to him in Manner aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and shall go and be paid to the Use of the Seamen's Hospital of the Port to which such Ship belongs; but in case there shall be no Seamen’s Hospital at the Port to which such Ship belongs, then to and for the Use and Benefit of the old and disabled Seamen of the same Port, and their Families, to be distributed at the Discretion of the Magistrates for the County where such Port shall be situate, or any two or more of them.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties and Forfeitures given Act shall be paid and applied in Manner following; that is to say, one third Part thereof for and towards Support of Greenwich Hospital; one other third Part thereof for and towards the Support of the Sea-Hospital at the Port to which the Ship or Vessel in respect of which the Forfeiture shall arise belongs; but in case there shall be no Seamen’s Hospital at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs, then to and for the Use and Benefit of the old and disabled Seamen of the same Port and their Families, to be distributed at the Discretion of the Persons having the Direction of the Merchants Seamen’s Fund at such Port, or in case there shall be no such Establishment there, by the Magistrates or Overseer of the Poor of such Port; and the other third Part thereof to and for the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same; and that such Penalty shall be recovered by Bill* Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster\ or such of them as do not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, upon Information, on the Oath of one or more Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace in any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, who shall not reside more than ten Miles from the Place of Abode of the Person or Persons complained of, which Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants, to bring before him or them every Person charged with any Offence under this Act; and in case he or they shall refuse or neglect to pay such Penalties or Forfeitures as aforesaid, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, and in case no Distress can be found, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the City, Town, or Place within the Jurisdiction of such respective Justice or Justices, there to remain for the Space of three Calendar Months, or until he or they shall pay the lame.

X. Provided neverthelefe, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Contract or Agreement which shall or may be made with any Seaman, Mariner, or other Person hired or engaged to serve on Board any Merchant Ship or Vessel, at any Port or Place within his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, who shall, at the Time of such Hiring, or.Engagement*, produce and deliver to the Matter and Commander of such Merchant Ship or Vessel a Certificate, under the Hand of the Master or Commander of the Ship or Vessel on Board of which such Seaman, Mariner, or other Person had then last served, signed in the Presence of one or more Witness or Witnesses, dating their usual Place or Places of Abode, thereby declaring or certifying that such Seaman, Mariner, or other Person, had been duly discharged from the Ship or Vessel on Board of which he had so last served; and which Certificate the said Master or Commander shall grant within three Days next after Application made to him bjr

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 73.

such Seaman, Mariner, or other Person, before a Witness, or in Default thereof shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in Manner hereinbefore directed; nor to any Contract or Agreement to be made with any Seaman, Mariner, or other Person hired or engaged to serve on Board any Merchant Ship or Vessel, which through Necessity, or on account of very hazardous Service or extraordinary Duty, require such Contract or Agreement to be made, and more Wages or Hire given, and of which Necessity, Service, or extraordinary Duty, Proof shall be made on Oath before the Chief Magistrate or Principal Officer of any Port or Place, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Colonies or Plantations; and provided also that such Seaman, Mariner, or other Person so hired or engaged to serve on Board any Ship or Vessel, so requiring such Service, shall not have deserted from the Ship or Vessel on Board of which he had then last served; and provided also, that no greater or higher Wages or Hire shall be given by any Master or Commander, or taken or received by any Seaman, Mariner, or other Person as aforesaid, except in Cases of such Necessity, very hazardous Service, or extraordinary Duty, as aforesaid, than after the Rate of Double the Monthly Wages, or the Wages to be settled or directed by any Governor, Chief Magistrate, Collector, or Comptroller, as hereinbefore directed to be paid or received as aforesaid. 1 w

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the Articles to be entered into by and between the Masters, Seamen, and Mariners of such Merchant Ship or Ships, shall be agreeable and to the Purport and Eft'eft as mentioned in the Schedule hereto annexed, marked with the Letter A.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be

a Public Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the some.

’ ! The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

- 'A. I

jT is hereby agreed between the Master, Seamen, and Mariners of the Ship now bound

for the Port of and the Master or Commander of the said Ship, That in Consideration of the Monthly or other Wages against each respective Seaman or Mariner’s Name hereunto set, they severally shall and will perform the abovementioned Voyage; and the said Master doth hereby agree with and hire the said Seamen and Mariners for the said Voyage at such Monthly Wages, to be paid pursuant to the Laws of Great Britain; and they the said Seamen and Mariners do hereby promise and oblige themselves to do their Duty, and obey the lawful Commands of their Officers on Board the said Ship or Boats thereunto belonging, as become good and faithful Seamen and Mariners; and at all Places where the said Ship shall put in or anchor during the said Ship’s Voyage, to do their best Endeavours for the Preservation of the said Shin and Cargo, and not to neglect or refuse doing their Duty by Day or Night; nor shall go out of the said Ship on Board any other Vessel, or be on Shore under any Pretence whatsoever, till the Voyage is ended and the Ship discharged of her Cargo, without Leave first obtained of the Master, Captain, or Commanding Officer on Board; and in Default thereof they freely agree to be liable to the Penalties mentioned in the Act of Parliament made in the second Year of the Reign of King George the Second *, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and the Act, made in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships trading to his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies: And it is further agreed by the Parties to these Presents, That twenty-four Hours Absence without Leave shall be deemed a total Desertion, and render such Seamen and Mariners liable to the Forfeitures and Penalties contained in the Acts above recited; that each and every lawful Command which the said Master shall think necessary to issue for the effectual Government of the said Vessel, suppressing Immorality and Vice of all Kinds, be strictly complied with under the Penalty of the Person or Persons disobeying, forfeiting his or their whole Wages or Hire, together with every Thing belonging to him or them on Board the said Vessel: And it is further agreed, That no Officer or Seaman, or Person belonging to the said Ship, shall demand or be entitled to his Wages, or any Part thereof, until the Arrival of the said Ship at the above-mentioned Port of Discharge, and her Cargo delivered, nor less than twenty Days in case the Seaman is not employed in the Delivery: And it is hereby further agreed between the Master and Officers of the said Ship, That whatever Apparel, Furniture, and Stores, each of them may receive into their Charge, belonging to the said Ship, shall be accounted for on her Return; and in case any Thing shall be loft or damaged through their Carelessness or Inefficiency, it shall be made good by such Officer or Seaman by whose Means it may happen to the Master and Owner of the said Ship: And whereas it iscustomary for the Officers and Seamen on the Ship’s Return home in the River, and during the Time their Cargoes are delivering, to go on Shore each Night to deep, greatly to the Prejudice of such Ship and Freighters; be it further agreed by the said Parties, That neither Officer nor Seaman shall, on ariy Pretence whatsoever, be entitled to such Indulgence, but shall do their Duty by Day in Discharge of the Cargo, and keep such Watch by Night as the Master or Commander of the said Ship shall think necessary, in order for the Preservation of the above: And whereas it often happens that Part of the Cargo is embezzled after being delivered into Lighters, and as such Losses are made good by the Owners of the Ships; be it therefore agreed by these

£ 4 D ?. Presents,

563

not to extend to Seamen hired threu^h Necessity, gee. of wh'ch doe Proof shall be made.

Articles to be entered into agreeable to annexed Schedule.

Public A

Cap. 36.

w

56+

*[NotwithJfaiul’ ing tbi Affro~

priat'ttn if their Revenue by Act 3 Geo. 3.r. 53. in &c.J

Cap. 31.

His Majesty may, within 7 2 Months, embody the Tower Hamlets Militia.

X Cap. *5.

0.73,74,75. Anno tricesimo septimo (Jeorgu-III. A.D. 1797

shall

5el

<T

of

elusive of their Monthly Pay; and should it so happen that Lighters are detained a considerab.le Time at the Quay before they can be unloaded, such Ofti9er and Seaman so appointed shall in that Case be entiJed to two Shillings and Sixpence for every twenty-four Hours* exclusive o their said Monthly Pay; that each Seaman and Mariner who shall well and truly perform the above-mentioned Voyage (provided always that there be no Plunderage, Embezzlement, or other unlawful Acts committed on the said Vessels Cargo or Stores) shall be entitled to their Wages or Hire that may become due to him, pursuant to this Agreement; that for the due Performance of each and every the above mentioned Articles and Agreements, and Acknowledgement of their being voluntary and without Compulsion, or any other clandestine Means being used, the said Parties have hereto subscribed their Names, the Day and Month set opposite to their respective Names.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to enable the East India Company to pay the Expences of two Regiments of Infantry to be raised for the Defence and Protection of the House and Warehouses of the said Company*, and for such Public Services as are mentioned in an Act made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majety*

intituled, An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coajls, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

[6th June 1797.]

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to draw out and embody the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex.

[6th June 1797.]

WHEREAS the Militia of this Kingdom is now drawn out and embodied ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by

aieftyf i/v enroi

M

by

Warrant under his Sign Manual, at any Time within Twelve Months from and after the passing of this

shall iudere necessary: the same to be fubiedfc to the ^eftriefions

Act, to draw out and embody the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of

ftex, or such

and Regulations contained in an Act passed in the present SessionJ, intituled, An Act for the better raifmgand ordering the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex.

9

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.' C. 76 - 79. 565

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas of the Manufacture of Great Britain, for a limited Time.

[6th June 1797.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, and several subsequent Acts, a Reward or Recompence is allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain, by

Way of Merchandize, of Sail Cloth or Canvas, fit for or made into Sails: And whereas the Legislature of

Ireland have excepted from the Bounty on Sail Cloth and Canvas of the Manufacture of that Country,

such Articles, when exported to Great Britain or the Isle of Man: And whereas it may be expedient that the Reward or Recompence granted on the Exportation of Sail Cloth or Canvas from Great Britain should not be allowed when such Articles are exported to Ireland:' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo!al, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, no Reward or Recompence whatever shall be allowed or paid by virtue of the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, on the Exportation from Great Britain to the Kingdom of Ireland, of any Sail Cloth or Canvas of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and no longer.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for making the Port of San Jaftf, in the Island of Trinidad, a Free Port.

[6th 1797.]

12 Anna, Stat. 1. c. 16. recited.

No Bounty t#

be allowed on the Exportation-of Britdh Sail f Cloth or Canvas to Ireland.

Continuance of Act —25 March 1798.

27 Geo. 3. c. 7# 3o Geo. 3. c-ao.

31 Geo. 3. c. 3^,

32 Geo 3-0.37. and 33 Geo. 3. c. 50. recited.

WHEREAS by several Acts made in the twenty-seventh, thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty.second, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is provided that Wool, Cotton Wool,

9 Indigo, Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Tobacco, Logwood, Fuftic, and all Sorts of Wood for"

4 Dyers Use; Hides, Skins, and Fallow; Beaver, and all Sorts of Furs; Tortoise Shell, Hardwood, or Mill Timber; Mahogany and all other Goods for Cabinet Ware; Horses, Actes, Mules, and Cattle, being the Growth and Production of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State; and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds, or precious Stones, may be imported from any of the Taid Colonies or Plantations, into the several Ports of King/lon,

4 Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea, and Antonio, in the Bland of Jamaica; the Port of Saint 4 George in the Island of Grenada; the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica; the Port of Nassau in the Bland of New Providence, one of the Bahama 1 (lands; and the Port of Saint John't in the Hhnd of An- tigua, in any Foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than one Deck, and owned and navigated in the Manner therein prescribed, and, together with other joods and Commodities mentioned in the said Acts, may be exported from thence, under certain Regulations and Rest rift ions:

4 And whereas it is expedient to permit the Goods and Commodities hereinbefore enumerated to be in like Manner imported into the Port of San Joss in the Island of Trinidad, pod, together with such other Goods and Commodities, to be in like Manner exported from thence :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all the Goods and Commodities hereinbefore enumerated and described, shall and may be imported into the Port of San Joftf'in the Island of Trinidad, in the like Foreign Ships and Vessels, and, together with such other Goods and Commodities mentioned in the said Acts, or any of them, be exported from thence to such Part of his Majesty's Dominions to which the Exportation of the same is permitted by any of the said Acts, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, to be recovered and applied in the Manner in the said Acts, or any of them, mentioned and contained.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for the better Regulation and Encouragement of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Liverpool.

[6th June 1797.]

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his, late Majesty King George the Second*, intituled, An Act more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the # Cap. 98. Parish o/Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or ere*7 a Workhouse for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the

Poor

Certain Goods described in the recited Acts may be imported into, and exported from, the Fort of San Jofcf in Trinidad.

6 Geo. 3.'*

61. r efrtultd, J

S66

[Cap. 74. [ardfeel^ Geo. ^i C. 60.]

("&* Stats.

6 Geo. 3. r. 96, to Geo. 3. f. 103,

15 Geo. 3. c. 20.

[16 Geo. 3. r. 32. 23 GV0.3.C. 33.]

f Cap. 10.

37<)eo. 3. c. 7. recited.

and so much thereof as relates to Importation, Exportation, and carrying Coastwise,

No such Articles entered for Exportation before Feb. 5, 1798, entitled to Bounty.

is Car. 2. c. 18.

C. 79 - 84. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Poor therein; and also an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign% for amending the said first mentioned Act; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and altering the Manner of ^rating to the Poor of the said Parish, and better effectuating other Regulations relative thereto.

[6th June 1797.]

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, ajl such Streets and other Public Passages, as are or shall be made upon a certain Piece of Ground, belonging to Elizabeth Doughty Spin-fler, situate in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex.

[6th June 1797.]

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to extend

several Branches of Canal from and out of their said Navigation.

[6th June 1797.]

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for allowing certain Discounts to the Contributors of eighteen millions raised by Annuities by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, who shall have completed their Contributions on or before the Days therein mentioned.

[19th June 1797.]

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation and permits the Importation, Duty free, of several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles made thereof.

[19th June 1797.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue for a limited Time, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes> and to permit the Importation of Corn, and other Articles of Provisior., for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty \ and for permitting 4 Wheat, Wheat Flour, and Meal, imported, in order to obtain the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, but which have not been found Jit for making Bread, to be used in the Manufacture of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Distillation of Low Ivines and Spirits: And whereas, fmee the passing of the said Act, the Prices of several of the Sorts of Corn therein mentioned have been considerably diminished :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the sixteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, so much of the said Act as relates to the Importation and Exportation, and the carrying Coastwise, of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, or any Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Malt, made thereof, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

of Barley, tec. repealed. ~. r1’

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Articles mentioned in this Act, which shall be entered for Exportation before the fifth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall be entitled to any Bounty upon the Exportation thereof $ any Act, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a limited Time.

[19th June 1797.]

4 \ X WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Vy Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasinr of Shipping and Navigation, all Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Africa, Asia, or America, or any Part thereof, are to be imported and brought into the Kingdom of England, Ireland, or Wales, the ((lands of Guernsey and Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in English) built Shipping, or other Shipping be- longing to some of the aforesaid Places, whereof the Matter and Three-fourths of the Mariners at leatt are English, and are not to be shipped and brought from any other Place or Places, Country or Countries, but only from those of the said Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or from those Ports where the said Goods and Commodities can only, or are or usually have been first shipped for Transportation, and from none other Places or Countries, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of the Ship and Goods, excepting in some particular Cases provided by the said Act: And whereas, by the said in part recited Act, U is al(b enacted,

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 84. 567

that no Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Muscovy, or of any of the

Countries, Dominions, or Territories to the Great Duke or Emperor of Muscovy or Russia belonging, as also that no Sorts of Marts, Timber, or Boards, no Foreign Salt, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Hemp, or Max,

4 Raisins, Figs, Prunes, Olive Oil, no Sort of Corn or Grain, Sugar, Pot Ashes, Wines, Vinegar, or Spirits called Aqua Tita, or Brandy Wine, shall be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, but in such as do truly and without Fraud belong to the People thereof, or some of them, as the true Owners and Proprietors thereof, and whereof the Master and Three -fourths of the Mariners at lead are English; and that no Currants or Com- 4 modities of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of any of the Countries, Islands, Dominions, or Ter- ritories to the Ottoman or Turkish Empire belonging, shall be imported into any of the fore-mentioned

4 Places in any Ship or Vessel but which is of English Built, and navigated as aforesaid, and in no other, except only such Foreign Ships and Vessels as are of the Built of that Country or Place of which the said Goods are the Growth, Production, or Manufacture respectively, or of such rort where the said Goods can only be, ormost usually are first shipped for Transportation. and whereof the Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners at leart are of the said Country or Place, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of Ship and Goods: And whereas several of the Articles in the said Act, and hereinbefore particularly enumerated, 4 being the Growth or Production of some of the Places or Countries within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, cannot be now imported directly from thence in British Vessels, without great Hazard of Capture by the Enemies, and much Expence of Insurance to the Merchants trading to this Kingdom; and it has been found necessary, during the Continuance of Hortilities betweenthis Kingdom and any of the Powers with, which this Kingdom is at present at War, by temporary Laws which are now in Force, to suspend in some Degree the ftrid Regulations prescribed by the said recited Act; and it is further expedient, for the Encouragement of Trade and the Increase of the Public Revenue, to permit, for a limited Time under certain Rertridions, various Articles of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Turkey or Egypt, and other Goods and Commodities which are enumerated in the before-recited Act, which are of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of Places or Countries within the Streights or Levant Seas, to be imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Vessels, although such Goods are not shipped and brought directly from the Place or Country of their Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or from the Port^ or Places from whence such Goods are or usually have been first shipped for Transportation May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons admitted into and made free of the Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of The Turkey Company, to import into Great Britain any Goods or Commodities which have heretofore usually been imported from Turkey or Egypty or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, in any Ship or Vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon Payment of the same Duties, if imported into Great Britain in British-built Ships, as the like Goods would be subject and liable to if imported in Briti/k Ships directly from the Place of their Growth, Production, or Manufacture; but if such Goods shall be imported in any Foreign-built Ship or Vessel, then and in such Case the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Duties which such Goods would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons free of the Turkey Company may import Goods, winch have bem heretofore imported from Turkey, Egypt, &c. from any Place, in Ships built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or to any State in Amity with his Ma-

My.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Entry shall be No Entry to suffered to nafs at the Custom House for any such Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of pafsat the Cuf-Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, as before the passing of this Act might l?m House un-be imported only from such Ports or Places in the Streights or Levant Seas as are within the Dominions of reduced3* the Grand Seignior, or for any Drugs which would have been liable to the Payment of Treble Duties when that the Ulm-not imported directly from the Place of their Growth or Production, and which, by the Authority of this porter is free of Ad, are permitted to be imported in Manner aforesaid, until the Person importing or entering the same the Turkey shall produce to the Collector or other proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs at the Port of Importation, ComP*ny> a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector of the Duties for the said Turkey Company, certifying such Person is free of the said Company, and that he has paid the Duties imposed on such Goods by the said Company, and has conformed,.in all Respeds, to the Rules and Regulations of the said Company relative thereto.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Goods hmto-Ad, any Goods or Commodities which have been heretofore usually imported from any Port or Place in for* imported Europe within the Streights of Gibraltar, except such Goods or Commodities as might heretofore be im- from any Fort ported only from such Ports or Places as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, be imported and brought by any Person or Persons whatsoever into 5 Gibraltar5 *U Great Britaitiy from any Port or Place whatsoever not being within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, except fuel/as.

in any Ship or Vessel built in ox belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to Law, or in might be im.

any

56 S

ported only from the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, may he imported from any l’l.ice rot being within those Dominions, ice.

Goods which have heenware-houftd, may be taken out undyr the Regulations

Of this Act.

Continuance of Act.]

2 GoO* 2* C. 22.

and

31 Geo. 2. c. 28. recited.

G. 84J 85. Anno tricesimo feptimO Georgi 1 III. A.D. 1797.

any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated with Foreign Seamen, upon Payment of the same Duties, if imported into Great Britain in British-built Ships, as the like Goods would be subject and liable to if imported d.reftly from the Place of their Growth, Production, or Manufacture, except Drugs, which, if imported by any Person or Persons not free of the Turkey Company, shall be liable to the like Duties as they would have been liable to if not imported directly from the Place of their Growth and Production, if this Act had not been made; and if any such Goods shall be imported in any Foreign-built Ship or Vessel, then and in such Case the Goods so imported Hull be subject to the Duties which Yuch Goods would have been subject and liable to by Law, if this Act had not been made; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. fc And whereas certain Goods and Commodities as aforesaid, imported in the Manner hereinbef >re 4 mentioned, have been permitted by his Majesty in Council to be landed and warehoused, subject to such Duties and Regulations as shall be imposed and made by Parliament respecting the same :* He it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to take all such Goods and Commodities out of any Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged or deposited, upon Payment of the like Duties, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, as such Goods and Commodities would have been liable unto, if they had been imported by virtue of this Act.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue.and remain in full Force until three Months after the Conclusion of the present War.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors^ with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act> to make Discovery ofy and deliver upon Oath> their Estates> for their Creditors Benefit as relates to the weekly Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for ijcbt, in the Cases therein mentioned.

[19th June 1797.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors with rejfieft to the Imprisonment of their Persons, it was, among other Things, enacted, That Prisoners charged in Execution for any Debt or Debts under the Sum therein mentioned, who should make an Alignment of their Estate and Effects for the Benefit of their Creditors, in the Manner therein specified, should be entitled to be discharged, or to have an Allowance, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings and Four-pence per Week, to be made to them by such of their Creditors charging them in Execution, as should iniift on their being detained in Prison; which Act was by several subsequent Acts amended and continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine: And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors with refaefl to the Imprison- went of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of and deliver upon Oath, their Estates, for their Creditors Benefitit is, amongst other Things, enacted, that, from and after the fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and hfty-nine, if any Person or Persons should be charged in Execution for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, or on which Execution or Executions there should renoain due a Sum or Sums of Money not amounting to above the said Sum of one hundred Pounds, and should be minded to deliver up to his or their Creditor or Creditors, who should so charge him, her, or them in Execution, all his, her, or their Estate and Effects, for or towards the Satisfaction of the Debt or Debts wherewith he, she, or they should so (land charged, it should and might be lawful to and for any such Prisoner or Prisoners to exhibit such Petition to such Court of Law, and to carry on such Proceedings thereon as in the said last mentioned Act are particularly specified and set forth; and that the several Requisites contained in the said Act, having been complied with on the Part of such Prisoner or Prisoners as therein mentioned, it should and might be lawful for such Court, by Rule or Order thereof, immediately to cause such Prisoner or Prisoners to be discharged, upon his, her, or their executing such Assignment and Conveyance of his, her, or their Estate and Effects in the Manner thereto mentioned, unless such Creditor or Creditors who should have charged any such Prisoner or Prisoners in Execution, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, should agree, by Writing, in the Manner therein mentioned, to pay and allow weekly a Sum.not exceeding two Shillings and Four- pence, as any such Court should think fit, unto such Prisoner, to be paid so long as any such Prisoner should continue in Prison, in Execution at the Suit of any such Creditor or Creditors, with such Remedy, in case of any Failure in the Payment of such weekly Sum, as in the said Act is particularly mentioned: And whereas it is al(b by the said Act further enacted, that where more Creditors than one should charge any Prisoner or Prisoners in Execution, and should desire to have such Prisoner or Prisoners detained in Prison, each and every such Creditor and Creditors should only respectively pay such weekly Sum of Money,

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 85 - 88.

not exceeding one Shilling and Sixpence a Week, as therein mentioned: And whereas such Allowance is now insufficient for the Purpose for which it was intended Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, 10 much of the said aft recited Act, as relates to the Amount of the several and respective Sums, not exceeding two Shillings and Fourpence, and one Shilling and Sixpence, to be paid and allowed as aforesaid, shall be and the same is hereby repealed. *> g r

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every such Prisoner and Prisoners in Execution for Debt, on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, who shall be by virtue of any Rule or Order of any Court ^entitled to receive from any Creditor or Creditors any Sum not exceeding the said Sum of two Shillings and Four-pence, to make an Application by Petition to the Court, in the Prison whereof such Prisoner or Prisoners shall remain and be charged in Custody, praying that such weekly Allowance be ordered to be increased by virtue of this Act; and that upon due Notice being given to such Creditor or Creditors of such Petition, it shall and may be lawful for such Court to hear the Matter thereof, and by Rule or Order of such Court immediately to cause such Prisoner or Prisoners to be discharged, unless such Creditor or Creditors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, doth or do insist upon such Prisoner or Prisoners being detained in Prison, and shall agree in the Manner mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, with respect to the Allowance not exceeding two Shillings and Four-pence per Week, to pay and allow weekly a Sum not exceeding three Shillings and Sixpence, as any such Court shall think fit, unto such Prisoner, to be paid at and for such Time or Times, and under and subject to the like Regulations as in the said Act are expressed with respect to the said Allowance not exceeding two Shillings and Four-pence per Week.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person or Persons, charged in Execution for Debt at any Time or Times from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, would have been entitled to be discharged under the Provisions of the said Act last mentioned, unless their Creditor or Creditors would agree as therein mentioned to pay and allow a weekly Sum not exceeding two Shillings and Four-pence to such Prisoner, as any such Court as is therein mentioned should think fit, it shall and may he lawful for such Court, by Rule or Order thereof, immediately to cause the said Prisoner or Prisoners to be discharged, upon such Prisoner or Prisoners executing such Alignment and Conveyance of his or her Estate and Effects as is therein mentioned, unless the Creditor or Creditors doth or do insist upon such Prisoner or Prisoners being detained in Prison, and shall agree, by Writing signed in the Manner in the said last mentioned Act, to pay and allow weekly a Sum not exceeding three Shillings and Sixpence, as any such Court shall think fit, unto the said Prisoner or Prisoners, to be paid at such Time and Times, and in such Manner, and upon the same Terms and Conditions, and under the same Rules and Regulations in every Respect, as in and by the said Act is provided with respect to the Allowance thereby directed to be made.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where more Creditors than one shall have already charged, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, charge, under and by virtue of the said last recited Act, any Person or Persons in Execution, and shall desire to have such Prisoner or Prisoners detained in Prison, each and every such Creditor and Creditors shall respectively pay such weekly Sum of Money only, not exceeding two Shillings, on every Monday in every Week, to or for such Prisoner or Prisoners respectively, as the Court before whom any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be brought up to be discharged, under the Powers, Authorities, and Directions, contained in the said last recited Act, shall, at the Time of his, her, or their being remanded, on such Note for the Payment of the weekly Sum ordered to be paid, as in the said last recited Act is required and provided being given, direct or appoint.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *, intituled,

An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Harbour of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent; and for cleanfmgy amending, and preserving, the Haven a/'Sandwich, in the same County.

[19th June 1797.]

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, improving, and keeping in Repair, Great Tower HiU\ and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same.

[19th June 1797.]

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the fourteenth \ car of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second f, intituled, Av. Act for the effe ft ual draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County ^/Cambridge, and to eflaldish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor; and also to raise a further Sum of Money for the Improvement and Security of the said Level.

[19th June 179;]

37 Geo. III.

CAP.

569

From July 5,

>797» to much of last recited Act (§13 and 14) as relates to weekly Allowances, repealed.

Prisoners en- titled to Allowance of 2 s. 4 d. nny apply totht Court to have it increased to 3 s. 6d. per Week.

Debtors entitled to their Discharge under last recited Act# if not paid weekly Allowance, may be discharged, unless Creditor* agree to pay them not exceeding 3 s. 6 d, weekly.

Where more Creditors than one insist on a Debtor’s Detention, they are each to pay him not exceeding as. weekly.

Cap. 74;

f Cap. 144

C. 89, 90. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of His late Majesty

Cap. 31. King George the Second intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low

Grounds in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River South, Plant Load and Brandon River North, bounded on the JVcft by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, Earfwell Brook, and the Hard Lands ^/'Mildenhall; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs. and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands, so far as relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds'lying in the first District described in the said Act; and also, to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign + Cap. 10. of His present Majesty f, for amending and rendering more effectual the said first recited Act.

[i$th June 1797.]

CAP. XC.

pojtf Cap. 136. as.to remedying wring

Stamps. J \

From July 5,

lowing additional Stamp Duties to be paid:

On Admission into a Corporation or Com-

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain.

[22d June 1797.]

'Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that ir may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s moss excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece ofvPaper, on which any of the several Matters herein after mentioned shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be engrossed, printed, or written, the respective Stamp Duties following; that is to say,

Any Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, of any Admission into any Corporation or Company in the Court Book, Roll, or Record, of such Corporation or Company, the Sum of four Shillings:

pany,

Jhns of Court, or Inns of Chancery>

Any Admission into any of the Inns of Court, or Inns of Chancery, the Sum of four Pounds:

Four Inns of Court,

I r

and on Admis-fson of a Fellow of the College of f*hylicians, or of an Attorney, Arc. in any Court.

Asrceinents.

Awards.

beneficial Warrants, 8cc.

Bills of Exchange, &c. payable on Demand.

[For Stamps on

Notes, fee pojt)

p. 571.J

Brils of Ex-

clunje, ScC,

Any Admission into any of the four Inns of Court, the further Sum of four Pounds and two Shillings over and above the said last mentioned Sum of four Pounds:

Any Admittance, or Instrument for admitting, of any Fellow of the College of Physicians, or of any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, Prodlor, Notary, or other Officer in any Court whatsoever in Great Bri-tainy (not being an Annual Officer in the Court of any Corporation or inferior Court, whose Office is under the Value of ten Pounds per Annum in Salary, Fees, and Perquisites,) the Sum of eight Pounds:

Any Agreement for which the Stamp Duties of six Shillings and of one Shilling are charged by two Acts of the twenty-third and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Sum of three

Shillings: f

Any Award, the Sum of five Shillings:

Any beneficial Warrant or Order under the Sign Manual of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Sum of twelve Shillings and Sixpence: ,

Any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order for the Payment of Money on Demand, for which any Stamp Duty is charged by an Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, where the Sum expressed therein shall amount to forty Shillings and shall not exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, the Sum of one Penny; and where such Sum shall exceed five Pounds and five Shillings and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, the Sum of Two-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed thirty Pounds and shall not exceed fifty Pounds, the Sum of Three-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds and shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, the Sum of Four-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds and shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, the Sum of Sixpence:. X

Any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Older, payable otherwise than on Demand, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, the

t

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90.

Sum of Two-pence; and where such Siim shall exceed thirty Pounds and shall not exceed fifty Pounds, the Sum of Three-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds and shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, the Sum of Pour-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds and shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, the Sum of Sixpence:

Any Bill of Exchange whatsoever, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall exceed two hundred Pounds, the Sum of Eight-pence:

Any Bill or Note of Lading which shall be signed for a«y Goods or Merchandizes to be exported, the

Sum of one Shilling: - / 1 ‘

Any Bond given a< a Security for Money, the Amount whereof shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, the Sum of three Shillings; where the Amount shall exceed one hundred Pounds and shall not amount to five hundred Pounds, the Sum of ten Shillings; where the Amount shall be of the Value of five hundred Pounds or upwards, the Sum of fifteen Shillings; where the Amount shall be of the Value of one thousand Pounds or upwards, the further Sum of ten Shillings; where the Amount shall be of the Value of two thousand Pounds or upwards, the further Sum of one Pound; where the Amount shall be of the Value of five thousand Pounds or upwards, the further Sum of two Pounds:

Any Bond not hereby otherwise charged, except Bail Bonds, and Alignments thereof, and except Bonds exempted from the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, by an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, fur the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain, and for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; and also except Bonds given by Executors and Administrators, where the Estate to be administered shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds; and Bonds to be given by the Widow of any common Soldier or Seaman dying in his Majesty's Service, on obtaining any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administration of any Estate, the Sum of three Shillings:

Any Certificate or Debenture for drawing back any Customs or Duties, of any Part of any Customs or Duties, for or in respect of the re-shipping or exporting of any Goods or Merchandizes from Great Britain, the Sum of two Shillings:

Any Collation to be made by any Archbishop, or other Bishop, or any Presentation or Donation which shall pass the Great Seal of Great Britain, or which shall be made by any Patron whatsoever, of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, the Sum of six Pounds:

Any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or other Deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of Record in any Court whatsoever, or by any Custos Rotulorum, or Clerk of the Peace, the Sum of ten Shillings: j

Any Copy of any Will, the Sum of Three-pence:

Any Copy, purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, or any Part thereof, for the Security or Use of any Person, other than the Person having or being entitled to the Custody of such Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, the Sum of six Shillings and Eight-pence:

Any Dispensation to hold two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and Benefice, or any other Dispensation or Faculty, from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Master of the Faculties for the Time being, the Sum of ten Pounds:

Any Exemplification whatsoever that shall pass the Seal of any Court, the Sum of one Pound:

Any Grant or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Exemplification of the same, the Sum of eight Pounds:

w

Any Grant from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any Sum of Money exceeding one hundred Pounds, which shall pass the Great Seal, or Privy Seal, (not directed to the Great Seal,) the Sum of fix

Pounds:

Any Grant of Lands in Fee, Lease for Years, or other Grant of Profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the Great Seal, the Seal of the Exchequer, the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lan-caflery or Privy Seal, (not directed to the Great Seal,) the Sum of six Pounds:

Any Grant of any Office or Employment which shall be above the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum* the Sum of six Pounds; which Value shall be calculated on the Amount of the Salary, Fees, and Perquisites appertaining to such Office or Employment within the Year:

Any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, not hereby otherwise charged, for which a Stamp Duty of one Shilling is payable by virtue of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (except Indentures for binding Parish or Charity-Children Apprentices,) the Sum of three Shillings:

Any Institution or Licence that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or any Ecclesiastical Court whatsoever in England, or any Writ or Instrument for the like Purpose, with any such Institution or Licence that shall be parted or made by any Presbytery or other Spiritual Power in Scotland, the Sum of fifteen Shillings:

Any Inventory or Catalogue of any Furniture, Goods, or Effects, made with Reference to any Agreement, or for the Security of any Person not hereby otherwise charged, the Sum of two Shillings and

Sixpence; ,

' 4E2 Any

57*

payable ot!>cr-w'lfj th»n on Demand.

[ For Fonifn Mis, fee $ 3 ] Hills of Ex-cJnn^e exceeding 2001.

Hills of Lading.

Bonds for payment of Money.

Other Ponds. —Exception*.

Certificate hr Drawbacks.

Collations, &c. to Bene&cca.

Deeds enrolled of Record*

Copies of Wills.

Copies of Deeds. [Sfcfe/i, §8.]

Dispensations.

Exemplifications.

Grants or Letters Patent, or Exemplifications thereof.

Grants parting the Great or Privy Seal.

Grants patting the Great Seal, Seal of the Exchequer, &c.

Grants of Office.

Indentures,

Leases, &c. [Seepcfl, c. in j

Institutions or Licences.

Inventories of Goods, Furniture, Arc.

A.D. 1797.

572 C.-90. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

Letters oi Mart.

Matricvl itions in England.

Pardons.

rafi*ports.

Probates.

Notes to Bearer on Demand re-iiTUabjc where first ilTuei?. [SeiftJI, §15.]

Notes*to Bearer on Demand re-

issuable at any Pla^e.

[Seejtjl, §15.]

- A w t

Notes to Bearer payable otherwise than on Demand.

Notes exceeding 200l.

Protests.

Recognizances.

Registers, &c. of Degrees in the Universities in England.

Ditto in Inns of Court.

Surrenders of, and Admittance to Ccpyholds. [See fcjl, § n, la, 13.J

Copy of Surrender of, or Admittance to, Estates not Copyhold.

Any Letters of Mart, the Sum of fifteen Shillings:

Any Matriculation of a Person in either of the two Universities in England, the Sum of four Shillings: ,

Any Pardon (except the General Circuit or Newgate Pardons) of or for any Crime or Offence, or of any Sum of Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, or any Warrant ot Reprieve or Relaxation from any pecuniary Fine or Forfeiture exceeding one hundred Pounds, or from any corporal Punishment, the Sum of six Pounds:

Any Passport, the Sum of one Shilling:

Any Probate of a Will or Letters of Administration for any Estate of or above the Value of three hundred Pounds, the Sum of two Pounds and ten Shillings; where the Estate is of or above the Value of six hundred Pounds, the further Sum of one Pound and ten Shillings; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of one thousand Pounds, the further Sum of two Pounds; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of two thousand Pounds, the further Sum of four Pounds; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of five thousand Pounds, the further Sum of five Pounds; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of ten thousand Pounds, the further Sum of five Pounds:

Any Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which may be re-issuable from Time to Time after Payment at the Place where the same was first issued, but not otherwise, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, the Sum of one Penny; and where such Sum shall exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, the Sum of Two-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed fifty Pounds, the Sum of Three-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, the Sum of Four-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, the Sum of Sixpence:

Any Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which may be re-issued from Time to Time after any Payment at the same Place or any other Place than where the same was first issued, where the Sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, the Sum of Two-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, the Sum of Four-

pence:

Any Promissory Note, or other Note payable otherwise than to the Bearer on Demand, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, the Sum of Two-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed fifty Pounds, the Sum of Three-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, the Sum of Four-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, the Sum of Sixpence: -

Any Promissory Note, or other Note payable on Demand, or otherwise, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall exceed two hundred Pounds, the Sum of Eight-pence:

Any Protest or other Notarial Act whatever, the Sum of two Shillings:

Any Recognizance, Statute Staple or Statute Merchant, the Sum of ten Shillings:

Any Register, Entry, Testimonial, or Certificate of any Degree taken in either of the two Universities it* England) the Sum of two Pounds:

Any Register, Entry, Testimonial, or Certificate of any Degree in any Inn of Court, the Sum of fourteen. Pounds:.

Any Surrender of, or Admittance to, any Copyhold Land or Tenement, (except such Copyhold Land or Tenement as shall not exceed the clear Yearly Value of twenty Shillings; and also except the original Surrender to the Use of a Will,) or any Grant or Lease by Copy of Court Roll, or any other Copy of the Court Roll of any Honour or Manor, (other than the Court Roll or Book wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered and enrolled,) the Sum of three Shillings: l u

Any Copy of any Surrender of, or Admittance to, any Custom-Right or Tenant-Right Estate, not being Copyhold, which shall pafsby Surrender and Admittance, or by Admittance only, and which shall not pals by Deed (except such Custom-Right or Tenant-Right Estates as shall not exceed the clear Yearly Value of twenty Shillings,) the Sum of three Shillings:, k

Transfer of Stock.

Writs for levying Fines, &c.

Appeal from the Courts of Admiralty, &c.

Answer in Courts of Admiralty, & c.

Any Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation, (except the Companies of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the Governor and Coippany of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America^ and for encouraging the FisheryJ the Sum of ten Shillings:

Any Writ of Covenant for levying a Fine, or any Writ of Entry for fuftering a common Recovery, the Sum of fifteen Shillings:

Any Appeal from the Courts of Admiralty either in England or Scotland\ the Court of Arches, or the Prerogative Courts of Canterbury or York> the Sum of six Pounds:

Any Answer exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, the Sum of three Shillings:

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90.

Any Libel, Allegation, Deposition, or Inventory exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence:

Any Copy of any Citation, Monition, or Answer, made in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, the Sum of three Shillings:

Any Copy of any Libel, Allegation, Deposition, or Inventory, exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence:

Any Personal Decree, Warrant, or Monition, in any Court of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports, or any Copy thereof, the Sum of five Shillings:

Any Sentence that shall be given in the Courts of Admiralty, either in England or Scotland, or the Cinque Ports exercising Admiralty Jurisdiction, or any Attachment that shall be made out of the said Courts of Admiralty, or any Relaxation of any such Attachment, the Sum of ten Shillings:

Any Sentence or final Decree exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, or any Copy thereof,

the Sum of two Shillings: 1

Any Principal or Original Instrument of Surrender or Resignation of any Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Tythes, Mills, Fishings, and other hcretable Rights, or any of them, to be made to any of his Majesty's Subjects who are or shall be the Superiors thereof, or to any City, Town, Burgh, or Corporation, or to any Magistrates or others who have Power to receive such Surrenders or Resignations in Scotland, the Sum of four Shillings and Nine-pence:

Any Charter or Resignation, Confirmation, Novo Damns, or Charter, upon apprizing or Adjudication made or granted by such Superior or others as aforesaid in Scotland the Sum of four Shillings and Nine-pence: ', '

Any Principal or Original Retour of any Service of Heirs, or any Precept of Clare Conjlat of Lands or Tenements, holding of any Subject as aforesaid in Scotland, the Sum of four Shillings and N ine-pence:

Any Principal or Original Saifine taken or following upon any Mortgage, Wadset, Heretable Bond, Alienation or Disposition, or upon any Charter, Precept of Cloze Con/lat, Retours, Apprisings, or Adjudications of Lands or Tenements holding of any Subject as aforesaid in Scotland, the S*um of four Shillings and Nine-pence: "

Any Principal or Original Instrument of Surrender or Resignation, Service, or Cognition of Heirs, Charter of Saifine of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holding Burgage, or of Burgage Tenure, in Scotland, the Sum of four Shillings and Nine-pence.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following; that is to say, to be paid ii

For and upon every Newspaper, or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public, whether the same be contained in Half a Sheet or any less Piece of Paper, or in any Paper larger than Half a Sheet, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny:

For every Almanack or Calendar for one particular Year, or for any Time less than a Year, the Sum of Four-pence., r >, A

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge any Foreign Bills of Exchange, drawn in Sets according to the Custom of Merchants, with any additional Duty higher than after the following Rate; that is to say, Where the Sum expressed in such Bills or made payable thereby shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of Two-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, an additional Stamp Duty of Three-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed two hundred Pounds, an additional Stamp Duty of Four-pence: Provided that every Bill of each Set of such Bills so drawn shall be charged, and every such Bill is hereby declared to be chargeable, with the like additional Duty according to the Rate above mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties charged on any of the Matters and Things hereinbefore mentioned, on which any former Duty is by Law payable, shall be paid over and above the Duties payable on the same respectively, on and immediately before the passing of this Act; and that the said Duties hereby granted shall be under the Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose; and in order to denote any of the several Duties payable by virtue of this Act, whenever they fee Occasion to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided, to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, or for the Purpose of denoting the former Duties, and also the Duties granted by this Act, and to alter or renew the lame respectively from Time to Time, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said several Duties hereinbefore granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper,

, 573

Libel In Courts of Admiralty, &c.

Copy of Citation# Arc.*in ditto.

Copy of Libel, &c. in ditto.

Personal Decree in ditto.

Sentence of Courts of Admiralty, &c.

Sentence in ditto.

Surrenders in Scotland.

Charters, Sec* in ditto.

Retours of Service, &c. in ditto.

Saifmes in ditto#

Surrenders of Burgage Tenure, &c. in ditto.

From July 5, 1797, the following Duties Great Britain;

Newspapers

1 d. 2 q.

Almanacks, 4 d.

Duties for Sets of Foreign Bills of Exchange.

Duties to be

paid above former Duties, and: to be under the Management of the Commissioners for Stamps, Arc-

57+

Penalty of Felony SV;t!lOUtf Clergy lor coun-Ctriciung btarn, i, &c.

I

Powers of Acts in For-e nt pnflfing tins Ail, to extend to the Duties beiore mentioned.

Manner of calculating the Numl’er of Stamps to be put on Indentures, &c.

[Ok# for every 15 cows* Law Sheets com-/<VfV. See ante, Cep.i9.]

Manner of calculating the Number of Stamps to be put on Copies of Indentures, Scc. [ One Stamp for every 10 such

Sheets complete-]

TVovisions of Cap 19. of this Session to extend to this Act,

and if any Person shall neglect to bring Instruments not duly stampt to be so Hampt within the Time allowed by the recited Act, he shall forfeit ao 1. and the Instrument shall be of no Avail.

Person 5 administering Personal Estate*

C. 90. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge,.or cause or procure to be

counterfeited or forged, any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, or provided, made, or used for tiic Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted as aforesaid, or arty of them, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper liable to any Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, cr shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of the said Duties, then every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as'in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. f' ,

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, (and not hereby altered,) shall (as far as the same are respectively applicable) be of full Force and Fffe3 with relation to the additional and other Duties hereinbefore mentioned, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, colle3ing, and securing, the said additional and other Duties according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation

to the said additional and other Duties., ’

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Stamps required to be put on any Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper on which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed hereby charged with the Duty of three Shillings, or any Agreement hereby charged with any Duty, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be calculated according to the Number of common Law Sheets, each common Law Sheet containing Lventy-two Words, of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed or Agreement, together with every Schedule or Instrument annexed untp or Indorsement made on the same, shall consist in Manner following; that is to say. Where the Quantity of Words of which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, or any Agreement, together with such Schedule, Instrument, or Indorsement, shall consist as aforesaid, shall not exceed fifteen such common Law Sheets, one or more Stamp or Stamps to denote the Value of all the Duties charged thereon by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, and this Act; ancf where the Quantity of Words mall exceed the Number of fifteen common Law Sheets, then progressively one or more further Stamp or Stamps of the like Value for every further entire Quantity of fifteen such common Law Sheets, of which any such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed or Agreement, with every Schedule, Instrument, or Indorsement, as aforesaid, shall con lift: Provided always, that if, after calculating the Words in Manner aforesaid, there shall remain any Number of Words less in Quantity than fifteen other common Law Sheets, no further Stamp shall be required for such Excess above the Number so calculated.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Stamps which shall be required to be put on any

Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Copy, purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed hereby charged with Duty, shall be engrossed, printed, or written, shall be calculated in Manner following; that is to say. Where the Quantity of Words of which such Copy shall consist shall not exceed ten such common Law Sheets as aforesaid, one Stamp as aforesaid; and where the Quantity of Words shall exceed the Number of ten common Law Sheets, then progressively one further Stamp as aforesaid for every entire further Quantity of ten common Law Sheets of which such Copy shall confifi: Provided always, that if, after calculating the Words in Manner last aforesaid, there shall remain any Number of Words less in Quantity than ten other common Law Sheets, no further Stamp shall be required for such Excess above the Number fa calculated. )rv I

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Rules, and Matters, prescribed by an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, for the more effe3ually securing the Stamp Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and not hereby altered, shall be extended, applied, and put in Pra3ice, for the damping such Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, Agreements, and Copies of Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effe3ually as if the same had been re-enacted in this Act; and if any Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, Officer, or other Person, shall engross, print, or write, or cause to be engrossed, printed, or written, any Agreement, or any Copy purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any Indenture, Lease, or Deed, not duly stamped, according to the Dire3ions of this Act, and shall neglect to bring the same lobe duly damped within the Time dire3ed and allowed for damping Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, by the said Act passed in this Session of Parliament, every such Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, Officer, or other Person, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty imposed by the said Act may be recovered and applied; and no such Agreement or Copy shall be pleaded or given in Evidence, or be good, useful, or available, in any Manner whatever, unless the same shall be damped as requited by this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall administer the Personal Estate of any Person dying after the passing of this Act, or any Part thereof, without proving the Will of the Deceased, or taking

Pi out

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90.

out Letters, of Administration of such Personal Estate, within six Calendar Months after the Death of the Person so dying, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered ip his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, or in his Majesty's Cnurt of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed*; and that one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall, if sued fot within the Space of six Calendar Months, be to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same. I *5

XL. And be it further enacted, That for and in respect of each and every Copyhold Tenement of the Value of twenty Shillings per Annum, or upwards, mentioned in any Surrender, Admittance, or Copy of Court Roll, of any Honour or Manor, and each and every Cudmn-Right or Temnt-Right Tenement, not being Copyhold, (of the Value before mentioned,) mentioned in any Surrender, Admittance, or Instrument of Admittance, whereupon a several Fine shall be due or payable to the Lord or Lady of any Honour or Manor, or a several Fee shall be demanded or received by any Steward, or Deputy Steward, of such Honour or Manor, a distine! and several Stamp Duty shall be charg 'd according to the Amount of all the Duties imposed thereoicby this Act, and any former Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Steward or other Officer of any Copt hold Court, or of any Customary or Tenant-Right Court, not being Copyhold, shall demand, take, or receive, from any Person whatever, any Fine or Fee for any Surrender or Admittance of or to any Copyhold Tenement, or for any Grant or Lease by Copy of any Court Roll, or for any other Copy of the Court Roll of any Honour or Manor, or for any Surrender or Admittance, or Instrument of Admittance, to any Curtom-Right or Tenant-Right T enemem, not being Copyhold, without at the same Time demanding and receiving the Stamp Duty in respect of each several and distnidt Tenement as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Steward or other Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum ol twenty Pounds; and the Duties which shall be due and payable thereon, whether the same shall have been so received by the Steward or other Officer as aforesaid, or not, shall be a Debt to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successbts, of the Steward or Officer who shall or ought to have received the same; and if the same shall not be received by such Steward or otr.er Officer, then the said Duties shall also be a Debt to his Majesty, his Heirs anil Successors, of the Person or Persons to whom any Estate as aforesaid shall pass by force of any Surrender, Admittance, or Copy, or Instrument of Admittance, which shall not he so stamped as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Steward or other Officer of any Honour or Manor shall receive the Duties payable on any such Surrender, Admittance, Indrument of Admittance, or Copy as aforesaid, and shall neglect to purchase the proper Stamps for the same, and to pay the Stamp Duty so received to the Officer appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp Duties for such Purpose, for the Space of three Calendar Months after he shall so have received the same, every such Steward or other Officer aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, and Double the Duty which shall not be so paid by him within the Time aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Persons who shall, on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped or marked with any Stamp or Mark, or Stamps or Marks, used to denote any of the Duties now payable by Law on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, by virtue of any Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, and upon which Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any Duty is hereby imposed in Addition to the Duty now payable, at any Time within the Space of sixty Days for Persons redding in England, and of lour Calendar Months for Persons residing in Scotland, to be computed from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to bring or (end such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to the said Commissioners, at their said Head Office, who, or their Officers under them, are hereby authorized and required, on Payment of the respective Duties by this Act imposed, to the Receiver General of the said Duties, or to some Person or Persons to be authorized by him for such Purpose, to cause such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to be duly stamped and marked with the proper Stamp or Mark, or Stamps or Marks, to denote the Payment of the respective Duties hereby impoied; or at the Ele£lion of the Person or Persons bringing such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to cause the same to be cancelled, and other Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to be stamped with the proper Stamps of the like Value with the Amount of the Stamps so cancelled, and of the Duties so paid, without demanding or hiking directly or indirectly any Sum of Money or Consideration whatever (other than the Duty hereby imposedJ for the lame; and all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper stamped or marked by virtue of any Act or Acts now in force as aforesaid, on which any Matter or Thing shall be engrossed, printed, or written, after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, which shall not be brought within the respective' Times aforesaid to the said Head Office, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, of no other Effect or Use than if the same had not been so stamped; and the Matters and Things which shall, after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be engrossed* printed, or written thereon, shall be of no other

Effed than if the same Matters and Things had been engrossij, printed, of written on undamped Veilum, Parchment* or Paper,

MJL', XV. And

575

without proving the Will, or taking out Letters of Administration within six Months alter the Death of the Party, to forfeit 50L 1

For every Copy-hold Tenement of 20 s. per Ann., mentioned in any Sui render, &c. for which a several Fine shall be due, a dif-tindl Stamp Duty shall be charged.

If any Officer of a Copyhold Court, &c. fit.til receive a Fine for any Surrender, &c. without demanding the Duty for each diitindl Tenement,- he shall forfeit 201. Scc.

If an officerofa Manor shall receive the Duties, and neglect to pay them far three Months, he shall forfeit 5J. and Double the Duty.

Persons having, on July 5, 1797, Parchment, Scc. rtampt with the old Duties, may, within a limited Time, have it fhmpt with the proper Stamp, or exchanged 5

but if net so brought, Infiro* ments written thereon to be of no Effect. [Sitfo/l, c. 136.3

576

No Note allowed by 31 Geo. 3. c. 25. tojje iilu-ed agkln, shall, after ]uly 5, 1797, be so itfued until

A 0 '

llampt with additional Stamp directed by this Act.

Regulations of the said Act to extend to this.

From July 5,

1797, certain additional Duties to be paid on Gold and Silver Plate imported or made

in Great Britain.

Duties on Gold and Silver Plate made in Great Britain to be under tl*e Management of the Commissioners for Stamps*

St nr. 2. c. 53.

Duties on Gold and Silver Plate imported to be under the Ma-ragement of the Commissioners of Customs.

t CaP- 13*

From July 5,

1797, an additional Duty of 6 d. per Cent, to be paid for Ir.furances from Loss by Fire j

which Duty shall be under the Management of the Commissioners for Stamps.

ft Stefojty §23,

&c.}

Duties, except on Gold and Silver Plate im-

C. 90. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Promissory Note, or other Note, which by the said Act passed in the thirty-jirft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, is allowed to be again iflfued under certain Regulations therein contained, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be again issued after Payment thereof, until the same shall have been brought to the said Head Office to be stamped with a proper Stamp in the Manner directed by this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to (lamp the same, or cause the same to be stamped, on Payment of the Duty by this Act imposed, on Proof on Oath or solemn Affirmation before the said Commissioners, (which Oath or solemn Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized to administer,) that the same hath not been, after Payment thereof, again issued since the said filth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and any such Promissory or other Note which shall be firffc issued or negociated after the said fifth Day of Jidy one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and which may be after any Payment thereof according to the Regulations of the said Act again issued, being also first stamped with the nroper Stamp to denote the Duty by this Act imposed, may be again issued from Time 10 Time in the Manner allowed by the said Act; and all Rules, Regulations, Duties, and Penalties prescribed or imposed by the said Act, with respect to the stamping such Promissory or other Notes, in order to issue the same from Time to Time, or with respect to the ifliung, or negotiating, or cancelling such Notes, after Payment thereof, shall be applied and put in Practice with respect to the securing the Duties by this Act imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally been enacted in the Body of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates or Duties following; that is to say, For and upon all Gold Plate which shall be imported or brought into, or which shall be made or wrought within, the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, allayed, and marked in Great Britain, an additional Duty after the Rate of eight Shillings for every Ounce Troy, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and for and upon all Silver Plate, which, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be imported or brought into, or which shall be made or wrought within, the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, assayed, and marked in Great Britain, an additional Duty after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ounce Troy; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed on Gold and Silver Plate made or wrought in Great Britain, shall be under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and the same shall be raised, levied, recovered, answered, and paid, in such and the like Manner, and in and by the like Means, Ways, and Methods, by which the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate wrought in Great Britain, and granted by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, are or may be raised, levied, recovered, and paid, and shall be subject and liable to all the like Rules, Regulations, Methods, Restrictions, Exemptions, and Penalties, as the said former Duties are subject and liable to by any Law in Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed on Gold or Silver Plate imported or brought into this Kingdom, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, and paid, in such and the like Manner, and in and by any and either of the Means, Ways, and Methods, by which the Duties of Customs on Gold and Silver Wrought Plate imported, imposed by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty f, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, and paid; and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so by this Act made chargeable with a Duty on Importation, shall be subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which the like Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts in Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Yearly Sum o?Sixpence over and above the Yearly Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence now payable for every Sum of one hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum, that is or shall be insured by any Person or Persons, in or by any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire. c- J

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said last mentioned Duties on Insurances hereby granted, shall be under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, and the same shall be raised, levied, recovered, answered, and paid, in such and the like Manner, and in and by the like Means, Ways, and Methods, by which the said Duties of one Shilling and Sixpence, granted on the like Insurances by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty J, are or may be raised, levied, recovered, and paid, and shall be subject and liable to all the like Rules, Regulations, Methods, Restrictions, Exemptions, and Penalties, as the former Duties are subject and liable to by any Law in Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act. - *1

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the several Duties herein-before mentioned, except those on Gold and Silver Plate imported, shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands

of

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90.

t>f the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Ramped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the same, the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties charged on Ramped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and the said Money so paid into the find Receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Rates or Duties hereby granted as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created, or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or to be passed, in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties paid into the said Receipt shall, together with the Monies arising from an^ other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XXIII. And whereas certain Stamp Duties of six Shillings or of eleven Shillings respectively, are charged by several A£fs on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be engrossed, primed, or written, any Policy of Assurance: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties, as far as the same relate to Policies for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Mer- chandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, should be repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof;* be it further enacted, That all the Duties imposed by any Act or Acts in Forcg, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which* any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or ether Property, from Loss by Fire, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, cease and determine, save and except always as to any Arrears of the said several Duties which may, on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and also save and except the several Powers, Provisions, and Remedies, for recovering the said Duties respectively, which shall continue to be in full Force and Effect.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, colle£led, and paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, the Duties herein after next mentioned; that is to say.

For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, where the Sum insured thereon shall not amount onto one thousand Pounds, the Sum of three Shillings; and where the Sum insured thereon shall amount onto one thousand Pounds, or upwards, the Sum of six Shillings:

Which several Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in like Manner as the Duties hereby repealed were or might be raised, levied, collected, and paid, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, or any Duties hereby granted may be raised, levied, collected, or paid by virtue of this Act.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties hereby granted on Policies (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being deducted) shall be paid into his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster, at such Time and in such Manner as other Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, aie directed to be paid, and shall be carded to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XfcVI. And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, prafiifing in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed on Record, as therein mentioned; certain Duties were granted on Certificates to be taken out by any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, ProClor, Agent, or Procurator, of his Admission, Enrolment, or Register, in any of the Courts therein mentioned: And whereas, for the avoiding Frauds, it is expedient that the Certificates shall be taken out only at the Head Office of Stamps;* be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, ©very Person admitted, sworn, enrolled, or registered, a Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster* or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, the Great Sessions in Wales, or in any Courts in the Counties Palatine, or in any other Court in that Part of Great Britain called England holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage shall amount to forty Shillings or more, shall, annually, between the first Day of November and the End of Michaelmas Term then next following, during such J une as he shall continue so to practise in any of the said Courts, or before such Person shall commence, carry on, or defend, any Action or Suit, or any Proceedings whatsoever in any of the said Courts, deliver in to the Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to their Officer or Officers

37 Geo. III. 4F appointed

577

ported, to be paid to the Receiver General for Stamp;, and by him into the Exchequer.

Duties to be an Addition to the Revenue for defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan of this Session,

Present Duties on Policies for Insurance* from Loss by Fire, repealed from July 5, 1797,

+[shall be r#»-grossed. printed) or 'written}

and the Duties following to be paid:

Where the Sum insured shall not amount to xooool., 3 s.} and for 1000l. and '

upwards, 6 s-;

which shall be levied as the repealed Duties.

Duties on Policies to be paid into the Exchequer as other

Stamp Duties.

*5 Geo. 3. c. 80. recited.

From Nov. ?, 17^7, every Solicitor, Scc. in the Courts at Westminster, and certain other Courts, shall, between Nov. 1, and the End of Michaelmas Term annually, deliver at the Head Office for Stamps a

57

Note, containing his Name and Abode, in order to obtain a Certificate.

Certificates to be entered with the proper Officer of the Court, who shall be paid i s. for the Entry.

Books of Entry may be impelled gratis.

When such Certificates rtiaJl bear Date, and when deter- " mine.

Certificates granted before Nov. i, 1797, shall cease on that Day j and on such Certificates being delivered to be cancelled, an Allowance of Duty in Proportion to the-Period unexpir-cd to be allowed.

Penalty for ailing after Nov. 1, 1797, without a Certificate, or without entering it, or for delivering in a Place of Rest-dence contrary to the Directions of 25 Geo. 3. c. So.

From Nov. 1, 1797, Persons neglecting to obtain Certificates for a Year incapable of prallifing; but they may be readmitted on Payment of the Duty and a Penalty.

Exceptions.

C. 90

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

appointed by them, at the Head Office of Stamps in Middlesex, a Paper or Note, in Writing, containing the Name and usual Place of Residence of such Person; and thereupon, and upon Payment of the Duties by the said Act imposed, according to the Place of his Residence described in such Paper or Note, in Writing, every such Person shall be entitled to a Certificate, duly stamped, to denote the Payment of the Duty by the said A<$1 imposed, according to the Place of Residence described as aforesaid; which Certificate the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, shall cause to be immediately issued, under the Hand and Name of the proper Officer, in such Form as the said Commissioners shall devise.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate so to be obtained as aforesaid, shall be entered

in one of the Courts in which the Person described therein shall be admitted, enrolled, sworn, or registered, with the respective Officer or Officers of the said Courts, appointed by the said Act to grant Certificates of Enrolment, Admission, or Register, within the Time hereinbefore prescribed, or before such Person shall be permitted to practise as aforesaid; and the said respective Officers shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from Time to Time, upon Payment of the Fee of one Shilling, to enter in alphabetical Order the Names of the Persons described in such respective Certificates, together with the Places of such their Residence as aforesaid, and the respective Dates of such Certificates, in Books or Rolls to be prepared for that Purpose, to which Books or Rolls in the said Courts respectively, all Persons shall and may at seasonable Times have free Access without Fee or Reward.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate issued by virtue of this Act, between the first Day of November in any Year and the End of the then next Michaelmas Term, shall bear Date on the second Day of November in such Year and every Certificate issued at any other Time shall bear Date on the Day on which the same shall be ififued; and every such Certificate shall cease and determine on the first Day of November then next following.,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate granted, or which shall be granted at any Time before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, by virtue of the said recited Act, and in the Manner therein mentioned, shall cease and determine on the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and any Person who shall deliver any Certificate granted after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to be granted before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and then in Force, to the said Commissioners at their said Office, or to any Person appointed by them to receive the same, to be cancelled, shall be entitled to an Allowance of Duty in Proportion to the Period then unexpired of the Time for which such Certificate was granted; which Allowance the said Commissioners or their respective Officers are hereby authorized and required to compute and pay to the Person delivering such Certificate to be cancelled, and the same may be paid out of any Duties in their Hands, or in case any of the Persons bringing any Certificate to be cancelled shall require a new Certificate for the ensuing Year, then to deduct the same out of the Duties to

be paid for such new Certificate. sTBbS

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, if any Person shall in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons, sue out any Writ or Process, or commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend, any Action or Suit, or any Proceedings in any of the Courts aforesaid, for or in Expedition of any Gain, Fee, or Reward, or shall do any Act in any of the said Courts as an Attorney, Solicitor, Notary, Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator, of such Court, without obtaining a Certificate in the Manner hereinbefore directed, or without entering the same in one of the Courts aforesaid, wherein such Person shall be admitted, enrolled, sworn, or registered, as Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator, or shall deliver in to any Person at the said Head

Office, any Account, containing a Place of Residence as the Place of his Residence, contrary to the Dirt- _ r l r 1 a n. .1__________... nr.L V"_____r .1_n _r_c l ___n* n ._ r. 1, r

HI, I nee, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, and shall be and is hereby made inca,&jible

to maintain or prosecute any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity, for the recovering any r ee. Reward, or Disbursement, on Account of prosecuting, carrying on, or defending any Action, Suit, or Proceeding, or having prosecuted, carried on, or defended, any Action, Suit, or Proceeding, or any Matter or Thing relating thereto, without such Certificate as aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person admitted, sworn, enrolled, or registered, in any of the said Courts as aforesaid, who, from and after the said first Day of November, shall neglect to obtain his Certificate thereof, in the Manner before directed,_for the Space of one whole Year, shall from thenceforth be incapable of practising in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Kerloi,

CourtsVby virtue of tuch Admission, Entry, Enrolment, or Register; and the Admission, Entry, Enrolment, or Register, of such Person in any of the said Courts, (Sail be from thenceforth null and void: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall be construed to prevent any of the said Courts from re-admitting any such Person on Payment to the said Commissioners of the Duty accrued since the Expiration of the lait Certificate obtained by such Person, and such further ~ ~l 1 r 1 rT* 1111-1

the find-Court shall

oney

en

as

rovided also, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall be

construed to include within the Regulations of this Act respecting such Persons as last aforesaid, any Person who is exempted by the Privisions of the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, from the Payment of the

_ 0 w

Duty imposed thereby.

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. 579

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Duties imposed by the said last mentioned Ad of the twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the Sum of three thousand six hundred and forty-seven Pounds and ten Shillings, being one fourth Part of the Sum of fourteen thousand five hundred and ninety Pounds, the annual average Produce for three Years, ending the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, of the Rates and Duties imposed by the said last mentioned Act, shall, quarterly, on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, during the Period of ten Years, be let apart from the Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties; which Remainder shall, during the said Period of ten Years, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer* distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that the said Remainder of the said Rates and Duties so paid into the said Receipt, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made by virtue of any Act or Acts to be parted in this Session of Parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which the said Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates or Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from al( other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XXXIII. And whereas it is Expedient that a reasonable Compensation should be made to such Proprie- tors, Printers, and Publishers of Newspapers, who shall not advance the Price of their Papers beyond the Amount of the Duty imposed thereon by this Act ;’ be it further enacted, That for every such Newspaper, or Paper containing public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, which shall be sold at a Price not

ay or Discount, upon the Amount of all the Acts in Force on and immediately before

Application of Duties under 25 Geo. 3. C. 8o. from Oct. io, 1797-

[3,647l. ioi.‘

firing One fourth of 14,590l., the present average annual Produce

set apart,

Remainder applied to the

Revenue of the present Session.

For every News. paper not sold at more than 6d. there shall be a Discount allowed on the Amount of all the Duties.

respective uutits| payable or iNewipapers, by any /\ct or the passing of this Act, and also by this Act, after the Rate and in Manner herein after mentioned; and that the said Allowance shall, in all Cases where the same shall be made, be in lieu of all former Allowances directed to be made by any Act or Acts of Parliament whatever.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Proprietors or Printers of any Newspaper, or any of them, shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any three or more of them, or any Officer appointed by them, or any three or more of them, for such Purpose, that any Newspaper of which such Person or Persons is or are Proprietor or Proprietors, or Printer or Printers, hath been for the Space of three Calendar Months, or longer, before the passing of this Act, nfually sold at a higher Price than Four-pence Halfpenny for each Newspaper, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make the like Allowance as herein after is mentioned to such Proprietors and Printers respectively, who shall not advance the Price of their Papers above their usual Price as aforesaid, more than MMli

the Amount of the Duty by this Act imposed thereon, the Discount may be allowed if the Advance of Price be no more than the new Duty,

If the Proprie* for or Printer shall make it appear that a Newspaper has been, for three Months before paflTing this Act, fold for more than 4d. 2q.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall bring to the Head Office of Stamps, to be damped with the respective Duties imposed on Newspapers as aforesaid, any Paper, commonly called Single Demy Paper, not exceeding in each Sheet thereof twenty-eight Inches in Length and twenty Inches in Breadth, to be damped on each Sheet thereof; or any Paper, commonly called Double Demy Paper, to be damped on each Half Sheet thereof; shall, on present Payment at any one Time of the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards, on Account of the said respective Duties, be entitled, on Demand, to an Allowance, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of sixteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sum so

paid. < T

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause two Stamps to be provided,

to denote the Duties payable on Newspapers, the one of which Stamps shall also denote the Discount to be allowed in pursuance of this Act; and all such Paper which shall be brought to the said Head Office to be damped, on Payment of the Duties on Newspapers as aforesaid, and whereupon the Discount hereby directed to be allowed shall be demanded and paid, shall be damped with the Stamp hereinbefore directed to be provided to denote the Discount to have been allowed; and all such Paper whereupon no Discount shall be demanded and paid in pursuance of this Act, shall be damped with the other of the said Stamps: And if any Person or Persons shall print, or cause or procure to be printed, any Newspaper, or Paper aforesaid, liable to the said Duties, without printing, or causing to be printed thereon, the full Price at which the same shall be fold; or shall fell, or expose to Sale any such Newspaper or Paper aforesaid, at any greater Price than the Sum printed thereon; or shall print, or cause or procure to be printed, on any such Newspaper, or Paper aforesaid, which shall be damped with the Stamp hereinbefore directed to denote the Discount to have been allowed in pursuance of this Act, any Price exceeding the Sum allowed by this Act, and according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; or mall fell, or expose to Sale, any such Newspaper, or Paper aforesaid, which shall be damped with the said Stamp to denote the Discount to be allowed as aforesaid, at any Price exceeding the Sum so allowed, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be condrued to limit the Price of any Paper whereupon the Allowance by this Act granted shall not have been demanded and paid; nor to prevent any Person, on present Payment of the Duties imposed by any Act or Acts in force

4F2

Persons paying sol. at a Time for Duty, to be entitled to a Discount of i61« per Cent.

Commi fli oner* to provide two Stamps, one denoting the Discount to be allowed, and the other not.

Penalty of 201, for not printing the full Price on the Newspaper, or felling it at a greater Price, Jcc.

Where the Allowance hereby granted is not demanded, Act

not to limit the

580 C. 90, 91. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Prev^in the°\l °n anc^ immediately before the passing of this Act, from receiving the Allowance of four Pounds per Centum Jowance being" thereon, in any Case where the Allowance by this Act granted shall not be demanded and paid.

made of 4l. per Cent, on Payment of former Duties.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case the said Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fa^t committed, and not afterwards; and shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought, may plead the General Ittiie, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any T rial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City, or Place, than as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for

Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

57 Geo. 3. c. 45.

The Bank not to issue Cash but according to certain Provisions.

During such Restritbon no Suit to be prosecuted to compel Payment of Notes which the Bank shall be willing to exchange for other Notes.

The Bank may apply to Courts xto stay Proceedings in Actions.

The Court may permit Proceed-

CAP. XCI.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council of the twenty -sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

[22d June 1797.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the present Session of Parliament, for confirming and continuing, for

a limited Time, the Re/lrittion contained in the Minute of Council of the twenty fiixtk of Fe- bruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank: And whereas it is expedient that certain Parts of the said Act, which will expire on the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, should be further continued May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament attem-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to ittue any Cash in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatsoever, except according to the Provisions herein after contained; and that, during the Continuance of the Restriction hereby imposed on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, no Action or Suit shall be prosecuted against the said Governor and Company to compel Payment of any Note of the said Governor and Company expressed to be payable on Demand, or to compel Payment of any Note of the said Governor and Company made payable otherwise than on Demand, which the said Governor and Company shall be willing to exchange for any Note or Notes of equal Amount expressed to be payable on Demand, or to compel Payment of any Sum of Money whatsoever by the said Governor and Company, which the said Governor and Company shall be willing to pay in Notes of’ the said Governor and Company expressed to be payable on Demand; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company, during the Continuance of the Restriction aforesaid on Payments in Cash, to apply to the Court wherein any Action or Suit shall be brought, or shall be depending, against the said Governor and Company, to day Proceedings therein, in a summary Way; and in case such Action or Suit shall be brought to compel Payment of any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company made payable on Demand, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to apply to the said Court to (lay all Proceedings in such Action or Suit until the Expiration of the Time herein after limited for the Continuance of such Restriction as aforesaid, and such Court shall (lay all Proceedings accordingly; and in like Manner it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to apply to any Court in which any Action or Suit shall be brought or depending for the Purpose of compelling Payment by the said Governor and Company of any Note of the said Governor and Company payable otherwise than on Demand, or of any other Debt or Demand whatsoever, to (lay all Proceedings against the said Governor and Company in such Action or Suit, on Payment of such Sum of Money as shall appear to be justly due, or which might be recovered in such Action or Suit, by Delivery of Notes of the said Governor and Company for the Amount thereof expressed to be payable on Demand, if the Parry or Parties to whom such Money shall appear to be due shall be willing to accept Payment thereof in such Notes, and thereupon such Court shall order all Proceedings to be stayed accordingly; but if the Party or Parties entitled to any such Money shall refuse to accept Payment thereof by Delivery of such Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand as aforesaid, the said Court shall order all Proceedings against the said Governor and Company in such Action or Suit to be ttayed until the Expiration of the rime herein after limited for the Continuance of such Restriction on Payments in Caih as aforesaid: Provided always, that if it shall appear to such Court to be necessary, for the Purpose of ascertain-

iflg

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 91. 581

ings to be had to ascertain the Amount of any Demand on the Bank, or for the Furtherance of Justice.

No Costs to lie given unlei's the Court think the Action nteeffary.

[This Session it verbatim (be same at §2. of Cap.

45 J

The Eank may

issue Calli in Payments under 20s.; or to the Army or Navy, in pursuance of Orders in Council, which shall be laid before Parliament.

to advance any Money by Way of Loan for the Public Service

ing the Amount of any Demand on the said Governor and Company, or otherwise for the Furtherance of Justice, that any Proceedings should be had for any such Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Court to permit Proceedings to be had in any such Action or Suit lor such necessary Purpose only, or to ascertain the Amount of such Demand, in a summary VYay, as the Nature of the particular Case may require, and as shall be confident with the Restriction on Payments in Cash hereby imposed: Provided also, that no Costs shall be recovered against the said Governor and Company, in any Action or Suit which, during the Continuance of the Restriction aforesaid, shall be brought or prosecuted for the Purpose of compelling Payment by the said Governor and Company of any Debt or Demand, unless the Court wherein the same shall be brought or prosecuted shall be of Opinion that the same was necessary for the Purpose of ascertaining the Amount of such Debt or Demand, or the I itle thereto, and in such Case such Court may direct the Payment of such Costs by the said Governor and Company in their Notes expressed" to be payable on Demand, if the Party or Parties entitled to such Costs shall be willing to accept such Notes; and if such Party or Parties shall refute to accept such Notes, then such Court shall stay all Proceedings to compel Payment of such Costs until after the Expiration of the Restriction on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, herein containech '. ‘

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to restrain the said Governor and Company from ift'uing any Sum of Money less than twenty Shillings in Calli in Payment of any Debt or Demand not amounting to twenty Shillings, or in Payment of so much of any larger Debt or Demand as dull be a fractional Part of twenty Shillings over and above the Residue of such Debt or Demand; or from issuing any Sum of Money in Cash for the Services of the Army, Navy, or Ordnance, in pursuance of an Order of his Majesty's Privy Counc-1, dating the special Purpose for which such Issue shall be required, and the Necessity for the same; all which Order of Council shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within three Days after the Date of each such Order, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if not, then within three Days after the Sitting of Parliament. [Verbatim from ^of'cap. 45.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, I hat it shall not be lawful for the said Governor and Compiny, The Bank not during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments in Cash imposed by this Act, to issue any Sum of Money in Cash, or in Notes of the said Governor and Company, by Way of Loan or Advance, for or on Account of the Public Service; any Law, Usage or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

, during the Restriction.

[600,000l. permitted by §4. of Cap 45.J

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance Thc Bank may of the Restriction by this Act imposed on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, it shall nevertheless be lawful for the said Governor and Company to accept, from any Person or Persons whatsoever, any Sum or Sums of Money, in Cash, not being less than five hundred Pounds, in Exchange for Notes of the said Governor and Company, of equal Amount, upon an Engagement from the said Governor and Compay to pay to such Person or Persons, dur ing the Continuance of such Restriction as aforesaid, Calli in Exchange for any Note or Notes oUthe laid Governor and Company, payable on Demand, to such an Amount, not exceeding in the Whole Three-fourths of the Sum of Money which shall have been so paid by such Person or Persons to the said Governor and Company in Calli, and in such Proportions, and at fuel)

Intervals, as shall be expressed in such Engagement; and it shall be lawful fur the said Governor and Company to pay in Cash such Sum and Sums ot Money as shall be required to be so paid, according to the Terms of such Engagement, to the Amount, in the Proportions, at the Times, and in the Manner therein to be expressed; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it lurther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company, notwithstanding the Restrictions imposed by this Act, to advance, for the Accommodation of the Persons dealing as Bankers in London, Westminster, and the Borough ot Southwark, in Cash, any Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred thouLnd Pounds in the Whole, to be paid to such Persons, at such Times, in such Proportions, and in such Manner, as to the said Governor and Company

shall seem expedient. wark. [Verbatim from §6. of Cap. 45 ]

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said ^s*0001- for Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon Application being made to them, by or on the Behalf of the Treasurer of the Bank called The Bank of Scotland, established by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, in one thousand six hundred and ninety, five, or by or on the Behalf of the Caftiier of the Bank called The Royal Bank of Scotland, incorporated by Royal Charter, dated the thirty first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, to issue and pay to such Treasurer or Cashier respectively, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, for the sole Use of the said Banks, such Sum or Sums of Money, in Gold or Silver, as may be required, not exceeding the Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds for each of the said Banks; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Payments in Notes of the said Governor and Company expressed to be payable on Demand, which have bet n made since the twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or which shall be made during the Restriction on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Calli, herein contained, shall be deemed Payments in Calli if mad? and accepted as luen; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof notwith-

standing. v. ;1

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, imposed by this Act, no Person shall

receive Sums, not under 500l., for Notes, and engage to repay luce-fourths in Calli

5- of Cap. 45. ratifies such Engagement from April j;J

100,000l. in Cash may be advanced to the Hankers of London, Westminster, and South-

each may be advanced to the Bank of Scotland, and the Royal Bank of Scotland.'

[Virbatim from

of Geo. 4$.]

*5

be

Payments in Notes to be deemed made in Cash, if accepted as such. [ frrbatim from $ S. of Cap. 45.

No Person to be held to Special Bail unless

582

Affidavit required to be made by 12 Geo. 1. c. 29; mutt also add that there had been no Offer to pay in Bank Notes;

otherwise Proceedings to be had as if no Affidavit had been made to hold to Special Bail.

If any Person having offered to pay in Bank Notes cannot, by Reason of this Act, be held to Special Bail, the Court may order him to deposit Bank Notes to answer the D.mand, and if not done he may be ar- -retted and held to Special Bail.

[&eC. 45. §9.]

Collectors of the Public Revenue to ac.

eept it in Notes.

f /trbatim from

§ 10. of Cap. 45.

The Bank may issue Cash, on previous Notice to the Speaker of the House of Commons.

Publication of Notice.

Continuance of

Act.

Act may be repealed or altered this Session.

C. 91,92,93. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

be held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of any Court, unless the Affidavit which shall be made for that Purpose according to the Provisions in the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, shall not only contain the several Matters required by the said Act, but also that no Offer has been made to pay the Sum of Money in such Affidavit mentioned, and therein (worn to, for the Purpose of holding any Person to Special Bail, in Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand (fractional Parts of the Sum of twenty Shillings only excepted); and if any Process shall be issued against any Person upon which such Person might have been held to Special Bail before the passing of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, and no Affidavit shall be made as aforesaid, that no such Offer of Payment in Notes of the Governor and Company had been made as aforesaid, such Person shall not be arrested on such Process, but Proceedings shall be had against such Person in the same Manner as if no Affidavit had been made for the Purpose of holding such Person to Special Bail under the Provisions of the said Act of his said late Majesty King George the First; and all Provisions in such Act, or in any other Act of Parliament, for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, shall be applied to the Provisions in this Act contained, so far as the same are capable of being so applied: Provided always, that if Affidavit shall be made upon which any Person might have been held to Special Bail upon any such Process as aforesaid, before the passing of the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament, and it shall be likewise sworn in such Affidavit that such Offer of Payment has been made as aforesaid, so that the Person who might have been arrested and held to Special Bail upon such Trocefs, this Act had not been made, cannot, by reason of such Offer and of the Provisions in this Act contained, be so arrested and held to Special Bail, it shall be lawful for the Court out of which such Process shall issue, or fo/ any Judge of such Court, in a summary Way, to order the Defendant in the Action in which such Process shall i(Iue, and who might have been so held to Special Bail as aforesaid if this Act had not been made, to cause Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand, to the Amount of the Sum of Money for which such Person might have been so held to Special Bail if this Act had not been made, to be deposited in such Manner as such Court or such Judge shall direct, to answer the Demands of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action; and if such Deposit shall not be made within the Time limited by such Order after such Notice thereof as shall thereby be directed to be given, it shall be lawful, upon Affidavit duly made and filed that such Deposit has not been made according to such Order, to arrest such Defendant, and hold him or her to Special Bail, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.;

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, by this Act imposed, all Sums of Money which now are or shall become payable for any Part of the Public Revenue, shall be accepted by the Collectors, Receivers, and other Officers of the Revenue, authorized to receive the same, in Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand, if offered to be so paid (fractional Parts of the Sum of twenty Shillings only excepted).

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, during the Continuance of this Act, to issue Cash, out of any Cash which shall be at their Disposal, in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatever, or of any Part or Proportion of any Debt or Demand whatever, upon their giving five Days Notice in Writing to the Speaker of the House of Commons of their Intention so to do, specifying the Description of such Debt or Demand; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; which Notice the Speaker of the House of Commons is hereby required to cause forthwith to be inserted in the London Gazette.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in force and have Continuance, so far as the same restrains the said Governor and Company from issuing Cash in Payments, until one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Clause, Matter, or

Thing herein contained, may be repealed, altered, or varied, in any Manner whatsoever, during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XCII. -;, 11

An Act to continue for a limited Time an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's

Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations refbefling Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident

therein, in certain cases.

[zidyune 1797.] H'&T-

4< Act 33 Geo. . 3. 4. continued till July i, 1799."

CAP. XCIII.

-15 Geo. 3. c. 80. recited.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of Enrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom.

[22d June 1797.]

WHEREAS many Persons who by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, traflifing in certain Courts ofjuflict in Great Britain; and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record, as therein men-

9 4 tioned.

A.D. 1797.

tricesimo sept

95

583

tioned, are required to take out Certificates of their Enrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the Courts

therein mentioned, annually, ten Days at least before the Expiration of the former Certificate, have ne- glefled or omitted so to do, through Absence or some unavoidable Accident, and without any Intention

some

3y the King’ iporal, and C be lawful for

Ma

prel

shall have neglected or omitted to take out his Certificate at the Time or in the Manner required by the said Act, within three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, to take out a Certificate, or to pay to the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties, or to some Officer appointed by him, such Sum and Sums of Money which shall appear to be due in respect of the Duty imposed by the said Act; and after that Rate for such Year or Years, or for such Portion or Portions of Time greater or less than a Year, for or during which such Person shall have neglected or omitted to take out his Certificate (the Amount of which Sum and Sums so to be paid shall be ascertained and settled by the Commissioners of his Majesty *s Stamp Duties, or by some Person or Persons to be appointed by them under their Hands, or the Hands of any three or more of them, who are hereby authorized and required to ascertain and settle the same accordingly) > an<l every such Person shall, upon Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money, be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities, incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission previous to the passing of this Act, of

Persons who have neglected to take out Certificates as required by recited Act, may take them out within three Months after passing this Act, and shall be indemnified,

bad obtained his Certificate according to the Directions of the said Act; and that all Proceedings in any Action or Actions already commenced for any Neglect or Omission of taking out or obtaining such Certificate, shall, in the mean Time, be (laid, and shall not be further proceeded in after the said Period of three Calendar Months, against any Person who shall have paid the Duty in the Manner before directed; and no A£Iion or Actions shall be commenced or prosecuted for such Neglect or Omission, until after the Expiration of the said three Calendar Months, and then only against such Person or Persons who shall neglect to comply with the Provisions of this Act. commenced after the said three Months, against Persons j

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom fina

the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-, # # __________w # wiftMll uu,

Courts of Record, for any Penalty or Penalties incurred by having neglected or omitted to obtain his Certi- judgment fliaQ ficate according to the Directions of the said Act. have been given by June, i, 17^7-

[Public Act.]

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed to be a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported—[22d June 1797.]

" 31 Geo. 3. c. 45. continued to June 24, 1&05."

any

Actions commenced for fads Neglect to be staid, and not further proceeded in; and no Action to be

CAP. XCV.

in Act to amend two Acts made in the fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne> and the first Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts.

[22c! June 1797.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

intituled, An Act for the Encrease and better Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Fivers within the Counties ^Southampton and Wilts; which Act was altered and amended by another Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom, and for the better Preservation of the Fry of Fish, and for the giving Leave to import Lobflers and Turbots in Foreign Bottoms, and for the better Preservation of Salmon, within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England: And whereas the Periods limited by the said last recited Act for taking Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, or Bouges, (otherwise called Sea Trouts,) in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and fVHts, oc offering the same to Sale, have been found very prejudicial to the Owners and Proprietors of the Fisheries in the said Counties, and further Provision is necessary for the better Preservation of the Spawn, Fry, or Young Brood of Salmon, Salmon Peal, and Salmon Kind in the Rivers within the said Counties :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

4 Anns, c. 21. and

1 Geo. 1. c. 18. recited.

584

So much of l Geo. i as restrains taking of Salmon, &c. between certain Periods repealed.

Salmon, &c. may be taken between Jan. i and Sept. 12,

Preserving Sal mon, &c. between Sept. 12 and Jan.

Preserving the Spawn of Sal. mon, &c.

For afllgning Overseers to preserve the

FiOi.

frer keeping open the Scuttle or Hatch for a longer Period.

Public Act,

I

Cap. 18.

C. 95, 96. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said last recited Act as retrains the taking of Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, or the offering the same to Sale between the first Day of August and the twelfth Day of November, and the taking of Bouges between the eleventh Day of November and the thirtieth Day of June, in every Year, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Owners and Proprietors, and every other Person or Persons entitled to fish in the Rivers within the said Counties, and their Servants and Agents, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, at any Time or Times from and after the passing of this Act, and until the twelfth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and at any Time or Times in any subsequent Year, between the first Day of January and the twelfth Day o{September, to take, kill, or destroy any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, or any Bouges, or offer to Sale any of the said Fish so taken between the last mentioned Periods.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Owner, Proprietor, or Person aforesaid, or any of his Servants or Agents, shall or may at any Time or Times between the twelfth Day of Sip-tember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven and the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and at any Time or Times in any subsequent Year between the twelfth Day of September and the first Day of January, take, kill, or destroy, or wilfully hurt any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, or any Bouges, by Hawks, Racks, Gins, Angles, or any other Devices whatsoever, or offer to Sale any of the said Fish so taken, under the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are mentioned and contained in the said first recited Act \ any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them, to the contrary thereof

in any wise notwithstanding.

lv. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take, kill, or destroy the Spawn, Fry, or Young Brood of any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, in any of the said Rivers, or in any Brook or Stream communicating with them, or either of them, or shall have in his, her, or their Custody or possession any such Spawn, Fry, or Young Brood, at any Time between the tenth Day of March and the thirtieth Day of May in any Year, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Parcel or Quantity of the Spawn, Fry, or Young Brood, of any such Fish so taken, killed, or destroyed, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in the like Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned in the said recited Acts, or either of them, are directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

V. And whereas by the said Act passed in the fourth Year of Queen Anne it was directed, that there should be assigned Overseeds of that Statute by any two or more Justices of the Peace residing within five Miles of the respective Rivers within the said Counties of Southampton and JVilu: And whereas it would tend to the more effectual Preservation of the Fish within the said Rivers, if such Overseers were to be constantly assigned :* Be it therefore enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the said Counties respectively residing within five Miles of any of the said Rivers shall, and they are hereby directed and required, at any Quarter or Special Sessions of the Peace to be holden within six Months after the passing of this Act, to assign Overseers for the Purposes directed by the said recited Act; and shall once in every Year, at any such Quarter or Special Sessions on or before the first Day of November, assign the same or other Persons to be Overseers for the like Purposes, and such Persons so assigned shall execute, do, and perform, all the Powers and Authorities granted to the Overseers by the said recited Act j any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas it was by the said Act enacted, That all Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon any of the Rivers in the said Counties should constantly keep open one Scuttle or Hatch of a Foot square in the Waste Hatch or Watercourse in the direct Stream wherein no Water Wheel should stand, sufficient for the Salmon to pass and repass freely up and down the said Rivers, from the eleventh Day of November to the one-and'thirtieth Day of May in every Year: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Time limited by the said recited Act for keeping open such Scuttle or Hatch:* Be it therefore enacted, That all Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon the said Rivers (half constantly keep open the said Scuttle or Hatch in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, from the eleventh Day of Nove?nber to the eleventh Day of July in every Year, under the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are contained in the said recited Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be

judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the First » intituled, An Act for the effectual draining and Preservation of Haddenham Level in the Isle of Ely; and for more effectually draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying wuhin llie said Level.

[zt& 'Junt 1797.] 3,

A.D. 1797.

tricesimo sept

C. 9

i

585

w

Goods may be imported irona the United States of America into Great Britain, in Eri-tish or American Ships, &c. under certain Regulations.

Br. cap. xcvii.

An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America.

[4th July 1797.]

WHEREAS a Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, has been concluded between his Ma- Treaty with jesty and the United States of America: And whereas, by the eleventh Article of the said Treaty, America re-it is agreed between his Majesty and the United States of America, that there should be a reciprocal and Clted’ entirely perfect Liberty of Navigation and Commerce between their respective People, in the Manner, under the Limitations, and on the Conditions specified in the following Articles of the said Treaty: And whereas, by the fifteenth Article of the said Treaty, it is further agreed, that no other or higher Duties shall be paid by the Ships or Merchandize of the one Party, in the Ports of the other, than such as are paid by the like Vessels or Merchandize of all other Nations; nor shall any other or higher Duty be impofol in one Country, on the Importation of any Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the other, than are or shall be payable on the Importation of the like Articles, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any other Foreign Country; nor shall any Prohibition be impofol on the Exportation or Importation

- of any Articles, to or from the Territories of the two Parties respectively, which shall not equally extend to all other Nations:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the\ '* Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to import into this Kingdom, directly from any of the T erritories of the United States of America, in British-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, or in Ships built in the Countries belonging to the United States of America, or any of them, or in Ships taken by any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to the Government, or any of the Inhabitants of the said United States, having Commissions or Letters of Marque and Reprisal from the Government of the said United States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the said United States, of which Condemnation Proof shall be given to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and any three or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and owned by the Subjects of the said United States, or any of them, and whereof the Master and T hree-fourths of the Mariners at least are Subjects of the said United States, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the said United States, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from Foreign Countries, and to enter and land such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, upon Payment of the Duties, and subject to the Conditions and Regulations herein after mentioned; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into Great Britain, either in such Ships, or in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law,

(except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as are herein after particularly enumerated or described,) shall and may be entered and landed, upon Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excise, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, upon their Importation into this Kingdom, in British-built Ships, from any other Foreign Country; and in Cases where different Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, imported from different Foreign Countries, then upon Payment of the lowed Duties which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation, in British-built Ships, of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from any Foreign Country, according to the Schedule and Tables, marked A, D, and F, annexed to an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign*, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties coirybcfing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, iVares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment o f Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; or by any other Laws in Force, passed flubsequent to the said Act, touching the Duties contained in the said Schedule and Tables, mai ked A, D, and F, subject also, when imported in American Ships, to the countervailing Duties imposed by this Act +.

III. And, in order to encourage and promote the Trade from the United States to this Kingdom, be it further enacted, That any Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Rofln, Pot Ash, Pearl Ash, Maho-

any, Masts, Yards, and Bowfpnts, being the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the said United tates, and all Staves, and unmanufactured Goods and Merchandize whatsoever, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from any Foreign Country, being the Growth or Production of the said United States, shall or may be imported in British or American Ships, owned and navigated as hereinbefore required, upon Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excile as are payable on the like Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, when accompanied with the Certificates required by Law upon their Importation into this Kingdom, in British-built Ships, from any British Bland or Plantation in America, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, may not be accompanied with the Certificates heretofore required by Law, subject also, when imported in American Ships, to the countervailing Duties imposed by this Act.

V- though not (o accompanied

Goods Co imported may be landed on Payment of the same Duties as those payable on like Goods imported in British Vessels from any other Foreign Country; or where those Duties are difilrenr, on Payment of the loweit,

Ca/>. 13.

f Seefoft, § ix,

American Pig Iron, &c. may be so imported on Payment of the same Duties as those payable on the like Goods imported in British Ships when accompanied with the reqtiiflte Certificates,

37 Geo. III.

4g

I

5S6

C. 97.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1

797

The Duties on Importation of Wheat, ScG. to be ascertained according to the Trices in Table D, in 3» Geo. 3. c. 30.

American Oil, &c. may be imported on Pay- -me nt of the same Dutiesaspn Importation from Countiies not belonging to his Majesty, in British Vessels.

American Tobacco may he so imported on Payment of the like Duties as from British Colonies in America by Pritish Sub* lefts; and Snuff, on the Payment of the like Duties as European I'roduftion, ice, Cap. 63.

Cap. 40.

American Rice may be imported and ware- ✓ h ou fed, on present Payment of S d. per Cwt. j and the Importer’s Bond for Payment of the remaining Duty;

and at London

and certain other Ports without Payment of any Duty, under certain Condi. *ions.

Importers may have Access to Warehouses.

Rice taken out of Warehouses for Home Consumption, to pay Che full Duties;

but maybe exported Dutyfree, under the

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the Importation into Great Britain, from the salt! United States of America, of Wheat, Wheat Meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg. Oats, O.it-meal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn, and Maize, the Duties to be paid thereon respectively shall be regulated and ascertained according to the Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, and Oatmeal, in the Manner set forth and specified in the Table marked D, in an Act passed in the thirty-fird Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; any Thing contained in /this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Oil made from Fish, or Creatures living in the Sea, and Blubber, Whale Fins, and Spermaceti, being the Produce of the Fisheries carried on by the People of the said United States of America, may be imported from the Countries of the said United States into this Kingdom, in British or American Ships, owned and navigated as hereinbefore required, upon Payment of such Duties of Customs as are payable on the like Goods and Merchandize upon their Importation into this Kingdom, in British-built Ships, from Countries not under the Dominion of his Majesty, subject also, when imported in American Ships, to the countervailing Duties imposed by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Tobacco, being the Growth or Production of any of the Terri-

tories of the said United States-of America, may be imported in British or American Ships, owned and navigated as hereinbefore required, upon Payment of the same Duties of Customs and Excise as Tobacco imported by British Subjects from any Britisho Colony or Plantation in America, is or may hereafter be subject to; and that any Snuff, being the Production and Manufacture of any of the said Territories, may be imported, in Manner beforementioned, upon Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excise as Snuff, being the Production or Manufacture of Europe, imported from Europe, is or hereafter may be subject tp; and may be warehoused, and again exoorted; such Tobacco and Snuff to be subject respectively nevertheless to ail and singular the Regulations, Restrictionsj Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating to the Importation and Exportation thereof, or in any other Respect relating thereto, of an Act, made and passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting nnv Duties in lieu thereof; and another Act passed in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reignf, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Ail, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof \ or of any other Act fnce made relating thereto, subject also, when imported in American Ships, to the countervailing Duties imposed by this Act: Provided always,’that such Tobacco shall be accompanied with a Manifest, as by Law required.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any Rice, being the Growth or Production of any of the Territories of the United States of America, which shall be imported directly from thence into any of the Ports of Great Britain, in Manner before mentioned, may, upon the Importer paying down, in Ready Money, the Duty of Eight-pence the Hundred Weight, being Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation of Rice, be landed and warehoused, except as herein after provided, under the joint Locks of his Majesty and the Importer, in such Warehouses as shall be approved of for that Purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any fjur or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or any three or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or by the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs of the respective Ports into which such Rice shall be imported, upon the Importer’s own Bond for Payment of the Remainder of the Duties due and payable for such Rice, within eighteen Months, according to the Net Weight and Quantity of such Rice at the Time it shall be so landed: Provided always, tlut upon the Importation of any such Rice into the Ports of London, Bristol, Portsmouth, Cowes, Liverpool, Lancaster, Falmouth, Poole, Whitehaven, Hull, Greenock, and Port Glasgow, or either of them, in the Manner hereinbefore expressed, the Importer shall be at Liberty to enter and land the same, without Payment of any Duty whatever, upon Condition that such Rice shall be warehoused, under the joint Locks of his Majesty and the Importers, in such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall be approved of for that Purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or any three or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or by the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs of the respective Ports where such Rice shall be imported; and that every Expence attending such warehousing shall be borne by the said Importers; and that such Importer or Importers, or his or their known Servant, shall, from Time to Time, at all seasonable Hours, as Occasion may require, have free Access to such Warehouses, in the Presence of some proper Officer of the Customs, for the Purpose of (kreening and (hifting the Rice, to prevent it receiving Damage; and that if any Rice, which shall be so imported from the Territories of the said United States into any of the Ports ahoveniemioned respectively, and warehoused as aforesaid, shall be taken out of the Warehouses, wherein the same shall be secured, under the joint Locks of his Majesty and the Importers as aforesaid, for Home Consumption, the full Duties due and payable by Law, upon the Importation of such Rice into this Kingdom for Home Consumption, and also, when imported in American Ships, the countervailing Duty imposed by this Act, shall, previously to its being taken out of such Warehouses, be paid to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs at the Port where such Rice shall be so warehoused, but that such Importer, ii he intends to export such Rice, shall have Liberty to export the same, from such Warehouses respectively, under

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 97. 587

the same Regulations under which such Rice might be exported by Law immediately before the pafllngof this Act, without Payment of any Duty whatever: Provided that the Exportation of any such Rice, hereafter to be warehoused under the Authority of this Act, be made within the said Space of eighteen Months; but if not exported within that Period, that the full Duties payable by Law, and also, when imported in American Ships, the countervailing Duty imposed by this Act, shall be paid for the same, and not be after-wardsdrawn back; and that if any Rice, which shall have been imported into any Port of this Kingdom, not hereinbefore specially named, and shall have been warehoused upon the Importer’s Bond, in Manner aforesaid, shall, within the Time hereinbefore mentioned, be taken out of the Warehouse wherein it shall have been so secured, to be Sported diredfly from thence, the Bond entered into for the Payment of the said Dut es thereon shall be discharged and cancelled by Debenture or Debentures, made out and passed in the usual Manner, for the Quantity or Quantities of Rice duly exported; and if any Rice imported into any Port of this Kingdom, not hereinbefore specially named, and warehoused in Manner aforesaid, shall be taken out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption, the Remainder of the Duties due and payable by Law, and also, when imported in American Ships, the countervailing Duty by this Act imposed, shall, previously to its being taken out of such Warehouse, be paid to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs at the Port where such Rice shall be so warehoused: Provided that if any Rice warehoused under the Authority of this Act shall remain in such Warehouse beyond the Period of eighteen Months, upon which the full Duties due and payable by Law shall not have been paid, then in such Case the same shall and may be sold for the Duties, in like Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as any ocher Goods are now directed by Law to be sold for the Duties, and the Produce applied in like Manner as is directed by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anncy intituled, An Act for encouraging the Tobacco Trade

futfifting Regulators, with in 18 Months.

Ponds for Duties on Rice imported at Pons not herein named, to be cancelled by Debentures, on taking it out of

Warehouses for Exportation; but when taken out for Home Consumpt:on, the Remainder of the Duties to be paid.

If Duties be not paid on ware-housed

18 Months, it may be fold [as urjpr Slat. 12 Ann. Star. 2. c. 8.).

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the Importation of Rice and ocher Articles, without Payment of any Duty whatever, by virtue of an Act passed in the prefenc Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation of CornyMcal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Timcy in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty, and in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, during the Continuance thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, Tint all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so imported from the United

States of America, shall, upon the Exportation thereof to any Foreign Country, be entitled to the same Drawbacks as are or may hereafter be by Law allowed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination and Description, when exported to any Foreign Country; and that there shall be allowed and paid the same Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from this Kingdom to the Territories of the said United States, or any of them, as are or may hereafter be allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, to any of the Islands, Plantations, or Colonies, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in America.

X. And be it further enacted, That there shall be allowed and paid the same Drawbacks upon the Exportation of any Sort of Foreign Hemp or Foreign Irot>{ exported from this Kingdom to any Brjish Colony or Plantation in America, and to the Territories of the United States of America, or any of them, as are or may hereafter be allowed by Law upon the Exportation of the like Sort of Hemp or Iron to other Foreign Parts.

XI. And whereas, by the said fifteenth Article of the Treaty before mentioned, the British Government f reserves to itself the Right of imposing such Duty as may be adequate to countervail the Difference of Duty now payable on the Importation of European and Asiatic Goods, when imported into the United States in British or in American Vessels,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on the Importation into this Kingdom of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein after mentioned or described, being of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of any of the Territories of the United States o (America, and imported directly from thence in American Ships or Vessels, owned and navigated as by this Act is required, the following additional Duties of Customs; that is to say, on the Importation of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as aforesaid, (except Tobacco and other Articles, for which Provihon is herein after made,) an additional Duty, at and alter the Rate of ten Pounds ter Centum on the Produce and Amount of the several Duties ef Customs due and payable by Law on the Importation into this Kingdom of the like Goods or Merchandize, from any of the said United States, in B British-bu\\t Ships or Vessels; on the Importation of any such Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Pot Ash, and Pearl Ash, in Manner aforesaid, an additional Duty, at and after the Rate often Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs due and payable by Law on the Importation into this Kingdom of any such Goods from any British Colony or plantation in America, when not accompanied with the Certificates required by Law; on the Importation, in Manner aforesaid, of any such Pitch, Far, Turpentine, Rosin, Mahogany, Mads, Yards, and Bowsprits, and unmanufactured Goods and Merchandize as aforesaid, (Wood, Staves, and Tobacco excepted,) an additional Duty at and after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs due and payable by Law on the Importation of any such Goods into this Kingdom from any British

inf 4G: Colony

Act not to prevent the Impel tation of Kice,&c. Duty* free, under 3y Coo. 3. c. 7.

Goods imported from America, on Exportation to any Foreign Country, and Goods exported from Great Britain to America, to be entitled to Drawbacks and Bounties.

Di awback to be allowed on Exportation of Foreign Hemp and Iron to America.

From Jan. 5, 1798, certain additional Duties to be paid on Importation of Goods from the American States in American Vessels.

588

The additional Duty of xol. per Cent, not to extend to the Duties of 5). and 1 o 1. per Cent, granted by 37 Geo. 3. c. 15.

t § m

If Goods be permitted to be Warehoused witlK>ut Payment of Duty, the additional Duty not to be payable till taken

Actnot to alter Duties payable Vo the City of London, &c.

Duties to be under the Management of the re fptctive Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

Tuties and Drawbacks to be managed as

former ones, and the Goods to be subject to the Conditions of Acts in force immediately before pairing this A a.

t

C. 97. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Colony or Plantation in America \ on the Importation, in Manner aforesaid, of any such unmanufactured Wood and Staves, an additional Duty, at and after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs due and payable by Law on the Importation of any such Goods into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe, not within his Majesty's Dominions, in British-built Ships or Vessels; on the Importation, in Manner aforesaid, of any Oil made from Fish, or Creatures living in the Sea, and Blubber, Whale Fins, and Spermaceti, being the Produce of the Fisheries carried on by the People of the said United States, and imported diredfly from thence into this Kingdom in American Ships or Vessels, owned and navigated as by this Act is required, an additional Duty, at and after the Rate of ten Poundsster Centum on the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs due and payable by Law on the Importation of any such Goods into this Kingdom from Countries not under the JJominion of his Majesty; on the Importation, in Manner aforesaid, of any such Tobacco so imported, an additional Duty of Customs, at and after the Rate of one Shilling and Sixpence for every hundred Pounds Weight of such

Tobacco.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or impose the Duty of ten Pounds per Centum by this Act imposed on certain Goods and Merchandize imported into this Kingdom from the said United States in American Ships, on the Produce or Amount of the respective Duties of five Pounds per Centum, and of ten Pounds per Centum, granted to his Majesty by an Act, made in thi^present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Cujhms on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals when brought or carried Coastwise; and/or applying the Money to arise by virtue of an Act passed in the la ft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Pit dud ion of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, towards defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan granted, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the last Session

of Parliament.

XIII. Provided always, That if any Goods or Merchandize so imported from the United States of

America shall be permitted, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force at the Time of such Importation, to be secured in Warehouses, without the Payment of the Duties due on the Importation thereof, then and in such Case the additional Duties of Customs, by this Act imposed, shall not be payable unless and until such Goods shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or confirmed in this Kingdom.

out for Home Consumption. v

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or anywise alter the Duties of Package, Scava^e, Balliage, or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens cjf the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or to repeal or anywise alter any special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law, but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

XV7. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs and Excise, by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in England for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

*' I

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties of Customs and Excise, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs and Excise, upon, for, or in respect of the several Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, by this Act imposed and allowed, shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, Ways, or Methods, by which the former Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs and Excise, upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also by any or either of the special Means, Ways, or Methods respectively, by which the former Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs and Excise, upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be managed, ascertained, levied, raised, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with Duties of Customs and Excise, or so entitled to Drawback of Duties of Customs and Excise, upon the Importation thereof into, or Exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other Account whatever, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Restrictions, Regulations, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Revenues of Customs and Excite, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, (unless where expressly altered by this Act,) shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and

9 in

797

tricesimo sept

C. 97. 589

a

in respect of the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs and Excise,

hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all

and every the said Act, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XVII. ‘And whereas, by the said fifteenth Article of the Treaty before mentioned, it is further agreed, that the British Government does reserve to itself the Right of imposing on American Vessels entering into

u S^orts in Europe, a Tonnage Duty equal to that which shall be payable by British) Vessels in the Ports of America: And whereas it is thought expedient for the present to exercise the Power reserved in the said Article so far only as relates to imposing a I onnage Duty on American Ships entering the orts of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, equal to the Excess of the Duty payable in the Ports of the United States by British^ Ships, beyond that which is payable by American Ships entering the lame Ports;* be it therefore enacted, I hat, from and after the filth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a I onnage Duty, at and after the Rate of two Shillings of good and lawful Money

u I°r each and every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, cominz or arriving within the Limits of any Port of Great Britain, and that the I onnage of every such Ship or Vessel shall, in case of any Doubt or Dispute as to the same, be afeer-tamed by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner directed by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of Ins present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

p and detain every Ship or Vessel liable to the Pay-| foresaid: and in case Pavmpnt thereof shall not he

made for the Space ol three Calendar Months after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at any Port in this Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England

and Scotland respectively, or any three or more of them, to cause such Ship or Vessel, and her Marts,

Apparel, and I. urmture, to be sold publicly, to the best Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied, first,

to the Charges that shall anse by such Detention and Sale, next, to the said Duty imposed by this Act, and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietor of such Ship or Vessel, or other Person duly authorized by such Proprietor to receive the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tonnage Duty hereby imposed shall be paid into the Hands of the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs, at the respective Ports or Places where such Duty shall become due and payable, and such Duty shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively.

XX. And, to the Intent that the said Duty may be answered and paid, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer of his Majesty's Customs whatever, or his Deputy or Clerk, at any of the said Ports or Places in Great Britain, where such Duty shall become due and payable, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, take or receive any Entry Outwards, Cocquet, or Report Outwards, for any Ship or Vessel liable or subject to the said Duty, nor shall such Ship or Vessel be fuftered or permitted to depart from any such Port or Place, until the said Duty shall be paid, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to the respective Collectors or other principal Officers of his Majesty's Customs, authorized to receive the same, and until the respective Master or Owner of any such Ship or Vessel, subjecto the Payment of such Duty, shall shew to such respective Officer a Receipt for the same. r

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several new and additional Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary- Charges of railing and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Money so paid in as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Con-dictated Fund.

XXII. And whereas, by the thirteenth Article of the said Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Naviea-‘ tion, between his Britannic Majesty and the United Slates of America, it is, among other Things pro-‘ v«led, that the Vessels belonging to the Citizens of the United States of America shall be admitted and

hospitably received in all the Sea Ports and Harbours of the British Territories in the East Indies and that the Citizens of the said United States may freely carry on a Trade between the said Territories and the United States in all Articles of which the Exportation or Importation respetfwely, to or from the said Territories, shall not be entirely prohibited; and it is further provide^, that the said Trade shall be carried

‘ on under the Regulations contained in the said Article; and it is expressly agreed that the Vessels of the United States shall not carry any of the Articles exported by them from the said British Territories to any Port or Place, except to some Port or Place in America where the same shall be unladen, and that such Regulations shall be adopted by both Parties, as shall from Time to Time be found necessary to enforce the due and faithful Observance of the above recited Stipulation be it therJfore enacted, That it shall and l2ay ,beSl"Ps belonging to the Citizens of the United States to carry on the said Trade to the British I erritories in the Eoji Indies, and to import into, and export from, the said Territories, all Articles of which the Importation or Exportation respectively, to or from the said Territories, shall not be entirely ohibited, in the Manner, and with the Privileges and Advantages, and subject to the Restrictions and egulations contained and expressed in the said thirteenth Article of the said Treaty of Amity, Commerce,

mi; and

S

From Jan. 5. 179S, 2 s. per Ton to be paid for American Vfcflels arriving within the Limits of any Fort in Great Britain.

Cap. 60. § iZf *3> *4-

Officers of the Customs may detain Vessels liable to the Duty, and if not paid in three Months they may be fold.

Tonnage Duty to be paid to tht Officer at the Fort, &c.

No Officer to receive any Entry- Outwards until a Receipt be fficwnJiim for the said Ton* nage Duty.

butics to be paid into the Exchequer, ant carried to the Consolidated Fund.

The United States may trad* to the British Territories in the Halt Indies, agreeably to Article XIII. of the Treaty.

[ Netivit branding Slat. 12 Car, 2. c. 28. and tU ether Navigation

590

' Acts done by the Subjects of the United States or of his Majesty, in pursuance of the said thirteenth Article, since the final Ratification of the Treaty, to be lawful.

All Lands, &c. held in Great Britain or its Dependencies by American Citj-rens on OdL aS, J795, to be 111-joy ed agreeably to Article IX. of the Treaty.

Act not to give any Right, except fuclt as may be necessary for the Performance of the Stipulations of the said Article.

Regulations for carrying into Effect an Agreement in the Treaty mutually to d< liver up Persons charged with Murder or

forgery.

Continuance of At\y during the Treaty.

C. 97.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

and Navigation, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding, and particularly notwithstanding any Provisiom contained in an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Acts done, or Engagements entered into by the Subjects of the United States, or of his Majesty, in pursuance of the said thirteenth Article, shall be deem d and taken to be lawfully done, provided the same shall have been done or entered into since the final Ratification of the said Treaty, and provided the same might have been done and entered into agreeably to the said thirteenth Article, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be, in all Rc-spe&s, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been done, entered into, or had taken place subsequent to the passing of this A<5f, any Prohibition to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Penalty, Forfeiture, or DiLbility, of any Kind or Nature whatsoever, (hal be incurred or sued for, for or on account of any such Acts or Engagements.

XXIV. And whereas', by the ninth Article of the said Treaty, it was agreed that British Subjects, who then held Lands in the Territories of the said United States, and American Citizens, who then held Lands in the Dominions of his Majesty, should continue to hold them according to the Nature and Tenure of c their respective States and Titles therein, and might grant, fell, or devise the same to whom they should

/ please, in like Manner as if they were Natives, and that neither they nor their Heirs or Assigns should, 4 so far as might respetSfc the said Lands and the legal Remedies incident thereto, be regarded as Aliens;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ail Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, or the Territories and Dependencies thereto belonging, which on the said twenty-eighth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five (being the Day of the Exchange of the Ratification of the said Treaty between his Majesty and the said United States) were held by American Citizens, shall be held and enjoyed, granted, sold, and devised, according to the Stipulations and Agreements contained in the said Article; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give any Right, Title, or Privilege to any Person, not being a natural-born Subject of this Realm, which such Per foil would not have been entitled to if this had not been made, other than and except such Rights, T itles, and Privileges as shall be necessary for the true and faithful Performance of the Stipulations in the said Article being either a

or Privilege, to which such Person would not have been entitled if this Act had not been made.

XXVI. And whereas by the said Treaty it is further agreed, that his Majesty and the United States,

4 on mutual Requisitions by them respectively, or by their respective Ministers or Officers authorized to make the same, will deliver up to Justice all Persons who, being charged with Murder or Forgery committed within the Jurisdiction of either, shall seek an Asylum within any of the Countries of the other,

provided that this shall only be done on such Evidence of Criminality as, according to the Laws of the Place where the Fugitive or Person so charged shall be found, would justify his Apprehension and Commitment for Trial, if the Offence had there been committed, and that the Expence of such Apprehension and Delivery shall be borne and defrayed by those who make the Requisition, and receive the Fugitive; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case Requisition shall at any Time be made, in pursuance of and according to the said Article, for the Delivery of any Person charged with Murder or Forgery, committed within the Jurisdiction of the said United States, it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to signify that such Requisition has been so made, and to require all Justices of the Peace, and other Magistrates and Officers of Justice, to govern themfeh'es accordingly, and to be aiding and assisting in apprehending the Person so charged, and committing such Person for the Purpose of being delivered up to Justice, according to the Provisions in the said Article, and thereupon it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or other Person having Power to commit for Trial Persons charged with Offences against the Laws of this Kingdom, to examine upon Oath any Persons or Person touching the Truth of such Charge, and upon such Evidence as, according to the Laws of this Kingdom, would justify the Apprehension and Commitment for Trial of the Person so charged, if the Offence wherewith he shall be so charged had been committed in this Kingdom, it shall be lawful Ibr such Justice of the Peace, or other Person having Power to commit as aforesaid, to commit the Person so charged to his Majesty's Gaol, there to remain, until delivered pursuant to such Requisition as aforesaid, and thereupon it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's Secretaries of State, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Person so committed to be delivered to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by the said United States to receive the Person so committed, and convey such Person to the Dominions of the said United States, to be tried for the Offence with which such Person shall be so charged; and if the Person lo charged shall escape out of any Custody to which he shall be committed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to retake such Person in the same Manner as any Person charged with any Offence against the Laws of this

, iiviiigt.? ao man ul nciiuai y iui uiu uuu auu icmmui i uiuiuiantu ui uiv uupuiauuiid ill uiw

contained, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or to give to any Person, not a natural-born Subject of this Realm, or a Citizen of the said United States, any Right, Title*

Kingdom may be retaken upon an Escape, so that such Person so charged as aforesaid may be effectually delivered up to justice, according to the tiue Intent and Meaning of the said Article of the said Treaty.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Adf shall continue in Force so long as the said Treaty between his Majesty and the United States of America shall continue in Force, and no longer.

CAP

A

tricesimo sept

ii nr.

C. 98. 591

Cap. xcviir.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for tkc due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Mealy Flour, or Bread, lo far as the lame relates to the Assize and making of Bread to be loid in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

[4th July 1797.]

WHEREAS several of the Provisions and Regulations in the Statute made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due waking of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof,\ and to punish Perfom who fall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Breads have been found defective; and it is expedient that other Provisions and Regulations should be made, and further Powers granted, for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, so far as the same relate to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That each and every Corn Meter of the City of London, who is or hereafter shall be employed in working, or measuring and delivering out Wheat, within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall and is hereby required weekly, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock at Noon of every Monday, to enter, or cause to be entered, in a Book to be for that Purpose provided by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and kept at the Corn Meter’s Office of the said City, according to the Form herein after contained in that Behalf, a true and particular Account, in Writing, of all the Wheat worked and delivered by each and every such Corn Meter, in the Course of the preceding Week, from Ships or Vessels in the River Thames, or out of Warehouses or other Places within the said City, or Liberties thereof, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, to the respective Buyers of such Wheat, or their respective Servants or Agents, specifying from what Vessels, Warehouses, or other Places, the Wheat shall be worked, the Names and Additions of the respective Sellers and Buyers thereof, the respective Quantities, the Corn Meter’s own Name, and the Names of the respective Lightermen or other Persons to whom the Wheat shall be delivered; and that the said Returns or Accounts, so to be entered in the said Book as before-mentioned, shall be entered, made, and kept in the following Form, or to the like Effect; (that is to

say,). t

Corn Meter’s Office London, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

ENTRY of the several Quantities of Whkat worked by the Sworn Corn Meters of the City of London in six Days; that is to lay, from Monday to Saturday both

inclusive*

Recital of Act 31 Geo. a. c. *9.

Com Meters to enter in a Book

er’s Office every Monday, Accounts of the Wheat worked and delivered by them respectively in the preceding Week.

Form of Corn Meter’s Entries,

5^2 C. 98. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Every Monday a Returst to be made, to the Lord Mayor, by the Meal Weighers, % of Wheat entered as aforesaid for the Week next but or.e preceding such Monday,

Form of the Meal Weigher’s Returns of Wheat.

II. And be it further enacted, That weekly and every Week, before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Monday\ a correct Return or Account of Wheat, which shall have been so entered and made in the said Book as aforesaid, for the Week next but one preceding such Monday, shall be prepared in Writing, according to the Form next herein after following, and certified on Oath, and delivered to the Mayor of the City of London, or left at the Cocket Office in the Mansion House in the said City, with the proper Officer there, by the Meal Weighers of the said City of London, or by such other Persons as the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, and shall also, before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon on every Monday as aforesaid, be entered by such Meal Weighers, or other Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, in Writing under their Hands, in some Book to be for that Purpose provided by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and kept at the Town Clerk’s Office in the said City; and that every such Return, with the said Additions thereto, so to be prepared and delivered, or left as aforesaid, (halt be in the following Form, or to the like Effect; '(that is to say,)

A correct RETURN from the Corn Meter’s Office, of the Quantity of Wheat worked by the Sworn Corn Meters of the City of London, from Monday to Saturday following*

both inclusive.:. j - gi/

Pay of the 1 Month. Seller’s Name. Buyer’s Name. Quantities of Wheat. 9- Lighterman’s Name, or to whom delivered.

Com Factors, lec, to deliver, on Demand, true Accounts in Writing, of the Quantities and Prices, &c. of the Wheat fold and delivered by them respectively.

A Return to be made by the Meal Weighers every Monday, of the Quantities and Prices of all such Wheat as shall be mentioned in the said Accounts, for the Week next but one preceding, and the Average Price thereof.

III. And be it also enacted, That each and every Com Fadlor and other Person, who is or hereafter shall be a Seller of Wheat within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly* Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall and is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, upon Demand, weekly, before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Friday, to the said Meal Weighers, or other Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, a true Account in Writing, signed by himself, or his known Agent, specifying, according to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, the Quantities and Prices of all the Wheat fold and delivered by or for him from the Monday to the Saturday, both inclusive, in the Week next preceding such Friday, with the Names and Occupations of the respective Buyers, and the apparent Purposes for which the Wheat shall have been fold.

IV. And be it further enacted, That weekly, before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Monday, a general Return or Account of the Quantities and Prices of all such Wheat as shall have been fold and delivered as aforesaid, whhin the said City and Liberties and Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, in the Course of the preceding Week but one, and mentioned in the said Accounts, together with the Average Price of such Wheat, shall be prepared from and by Means of the same Accounts, and in such Manner and Form as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall from Time to Time direct, by the Meal Weighers of the City of London, or by such other Persons as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall from Time to Time appoint; and shall also, before Five of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Monday as aforesaid, be entered by such Meal Weighers, or other Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, in Writing under their Hands, in some Book to be for that Purpose provided by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, and kept at the Town Clerk’s Office in the said City.

Com Factors, &c. to take the Oath, or make the Affirmation fallowing.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Corn Fadlor or other Person, from whom any such Account of Wheat, as last before mentioned, is by this Act required and directed to be delivered to the said Meal Weighers, or other Persons, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, within one Calendar Month next after the paflinj* of this Act, or within one Calendar Month from the Time he shall begin to deal by Commission in the bale of Wheat, take the following Oath, or (being one of the People called Quakers) affirm, as herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) '

- Bl flvl A*d%

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98.

I A.B. do swear [or, affirm], That the Accounts which I shall hereafter deliver or cause to be delivered to the Meal Weighers of the City of London, or to such other Persons as the Court of Mayor and Al- dermen of the said City shall appoint to receive the same, of and concerning the Quantities and Prices of Wheat winch henceforward shall be by or for me fold and delivered, shall, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, and as far as the Sales and complete Deliveries will allow, contain the whole Quantity, and no more, of the Wheat bond fide fold and delivered by or for me, within the Period to which such Accounts shall respectively refer, with the Names and Occupations of the Buyers, and with the Prices thereof respectively, and shall be, to the best of my Judgment, conformable in all other Respects to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,44 An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate 4C the Price and Assize thereof and to punish Persons who fall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof,\ and within the IVcekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.'

Which Oath or Affirmation the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being is hereby empowered and required to administer, and to grant a Certificate thereof, to be registered in the Town Clerk’s Office of the said City; and every such Oath or Affirmation shall be so administered, certified, and registered, without any Fee or Reward to be demanded or paid for the same; and in case any Person shall carry on the Trade and Business of a Corn Factor without taking the said Oath, or affirming as aforesaid, conformably to the Directions of this Act, every such Person so offending shall, on being convicted of such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Baker, and other Person making or who shall make Bread for Sale, within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall and is hereby required to prepare and leave, or cause to be left, weekly, before the Hour^of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of every Monday, at the Cocket Office in the Mansion House aforesaid, with the proper Officer there, a true and particular Account in Writing under his Hand, according to the Form herein after contained in that Behalf, of all such Meal and Flour for the Purpose of making Wheaten Bread, as shall have been bought by such Baker or other Person in the Course of the Week next preceding such Monday, and that every such Account hereby required to be made by any such Baker, or other Person making Bread for Sale, within the said City of London, or Liberties thereof, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall specify the Names of the respective Sellers of such Meal and Flour made of Wheat, the respective Quantities and Sorts thereof, and the several and respective Prices at which the same shall have been actually and bond fide fold, and shall be of the following Form, or to the like Effect; (that is to say,)

An ACCOUNT of all the Me ax and Flour (made of Wheat) bought by A.B. of

in the Parish of from Monday to Saturday both inclusive, for the

Purpose of making Wheaten Bread, or fit for the same.

Day of the Month Seller’s Name. Number of Sacks. Sorts of Meal and Flour.

To what Purpose applicable.

Prices per Sack.

TOTAL.

37 Geo. III. 4H

VII. And,

Penalty on any Person carrying on the Business of a Corn Factor, without taking such Oath, &c. 50 J.

Bakers to leave at the Cocket Office every Monday, Accounts, inWriting, of all such Meal and Flour made of Wheat, as shall have been bought by them respectively, in the Week immediately preceding.

Form of Baker's Weekly Accounts.

I

594

At the Sale, or upon Delivery of Meal and flour, a Bill of Parcels thereof o be delivered therewith.

Se ller and Buytr, in Default thereof, to forfeit 40s.

The Prices of Meal and Flour to be fixed at the Time of Sale, and before Delivery j

and any Person felling or buying in any other Manner to forfeit 20l.

Bakers to take the Oath, or make the Affirmation following.

Penalty on any Person making Bread lor Sale without taking such Oath, Scc.

51*

A Return to

be made by the Meal Weighers every Monday, of the Quantities, forts, and Prices, of all such Meal and Flour made of

C. 98.

Anno triedimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

VII. And, for better enabling the said Bakers or other Persons to prepare such Accounts of Meal and Flour as before directed, be it also enacted, That at the Sale, or upon every Delivery of Meal or Flour made of Wheat to any Baker or other Person making, or who shall make. Bread for Sale, within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, there shall also be delivered therewith a true and perfect Bill of Parcels, signed by the Seller or Sellers of such Meal or Flour, or his or their known Agent or Agents, setting forth the Names of the Seller or Sellers, and Buyer, of the Meal or Flour so delivered, with the real Quantities and Prices thereof, and also the Day of the Month on which the same shall be delivered; and in default thereof every Person, being a Seller of such Meal or Flour, or of any Part thereof, and not delivering, or causing to be delivered therewith, such true and perfect Bill of Parcels as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and every Person being a Buyer of such Meal or Flour, or of any Part thereof, and receiving or accepting the same without such true and perfect Bill of Parcels as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

VIII. And whereas it has frequently happened that large Quantities of Meal and Flour have been der livered to Buyers thereof, without any Price having been fixed or agreed on for the same at the Time of such Delivery, and sometimes it has been agreed that the Prices of Meal or Flour Ihotfld, after Delivery thereof to the Buyer, be fixed according to the Price of Meal or Flour in some future Week, and inal- much as by such Means this Act might be evaded, or the Execution thereof rendered difficult or tmper- feet,’ be it therefore enacted, That the Prices of all the Meal and Flour made of Wheat, which shall henceforward be fold within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall be agreed on and absolutely fixed at the Time of Sale, and before the Delivery thereof, and the Price or Prices of any such Meal or Flour as aforesaid, which shall hereafter be delivered to any Buyer or other Person, within the said City or Liberties, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall not, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, be regulated by, or made to depend on the Price which Meal or Flour shall fell for at any Time or Times subsequent to such Delivery; and in case any Person or Persons shall fell or buy, or agree to fell or buy, within the said City or Liberties, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, any Meal or Flour made of Wheat, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the Provisions and Restrictions last hereinbefore contained, he or they so offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Baker, or other Person making or who shall make Bread for Sale, within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall, within one Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, or within one Calendar Month from the Time when he shall begin to make Bread for Sale, within the Limits aforesaid, take the following Oath, or (being one of the People called Quakers) affirm as herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) -

I A.B. do swear [or, affirm], That the Accounts which I shall hereafter leave or cause to be left at the c Cocket Office in the Mansion House, in the City of London, of and concerning the Meal or Flour c (made of Wheat) which henceforward shall be bought by or for me, shall, to the belt of my Knowledge and Belief, contain the whole Quantity, and no more, of the Meal or Flour (made of Wheat) bond fide bought by or for me, within the Period to which such Accounts shall respectively refer, with the Names of the Sellers, or Persons of whom the same shall be bought, and with the Prices-respectively, and shall be, 4 to the heft of my Judgment, conformable in all other Respects to the Directions of an Act passed in the

thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual in Act, made in the thirty-fir A Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,44 An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall

adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far as the same relates if the Assize and tanking of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.*

Which Oath (or Affirmation) the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being (whether such Baker shall reside within the said Lord Mayor’s Jurisdiction or not) or any other fultice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Baker shall reside, is hereby authorized and required to administer, upon being duly supplied to for that Purpose, and to grant a Certificate thereof, to be registered in the Town Clerk’s Office of the said City; and every such Oath or Affirmation shall be so administered, certified, and registered, without any Fee or Reward to be demanded or paid for the same; and in case any Person shall carry on the Trade and Business of a Baker, or shall make Bread for Sale, within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, without taking the said Oath, or affirming as aforesaid, conformably to the Directions of this Act, every such Person so offending shall, on being convicted of such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That weekly, before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Monday, a general Return or Account of the Quantities, Sorts, and Prices, of all such Meal and Flour made of Wheat, as shall have been bought by Bakers and other Persons making Bread for Sale, within the said City and Liberties, and Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, in the Course of the preceding Week, and mentioned in the said Accounts of Meal and Flour for that Week, together with the Average Price of such Meal or Flour, shall be prepared from and by Means of the same Accounts, in such

9

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. 595

Manner and Form as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall from Time to Time direct, by the Meal Weigher* of the City of London, or by (itch other Persons as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall from Time to Time appoint; and shall also, before Five of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Monday as

1 11., to be appointed as aforesaid, in Writing under

the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of

>y luen Meal Weighers, or other Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, in Writing under Book to be for that Puroofe nrovided bx

the said City of London, and kept at the Town Clerk’s Office in the said City.

XT. And, for the more effectually enabling the said Meal Weighers or other Persons to prepare and render correct such Returns or Accounts as aforesaid of Wheat, and of Meal and Flour made of Wheat, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; be it also enacted, That every Buyer or Seller of, cr Dealer in Wheat, or Meal or Flour made of Wheat, within the City of London^ or the Liberties thereof, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall and is hereby required, on reasonable Request to him or her made by any one or more of the Meal Weighers of the City of

Loruton> or of such other Persons who in ntirfiinncp of this Act flmll ar»nnmt#»rl oc o0»v»foi/1 #-r* Mhim certify,;

disclose ouu naajkt. Miunu iv iuv.ij ivied 1 cj£uci5, ur uiic ui mem, ur omer tenons wno man De 10 appointed, and who shall request the same, the true and real Prices which any Quantities and Sorts of Wheat, or of Meal or Flour made of Wheat, which shall have been bought or sold within the said City, or Liberties thereof, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, at any Time or Times within the Space of fourteen Days then last past, by or for such Buyer or Seller of, or Dealer in Wheat, or Meal or Flour made of Wheat, shall have been actually and bond fide bought or sold at, with all the several Quantities and Sorts thereof, and the several apparent Purposes for which the same shall have been bought respectively, together with the Occupations of the Buyers.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or for the Lord Mayor for the Time being, or for any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for such District, from Time to Time to order and direct every or any Baker, or other Person making or who shall make Bread for Sale, within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, and to whom, or at whose House or Shop any such Bill of Parcels as aforesaid of Meal or Flour made of Wheat shall have been actually delivered pursuant to this Act, at any seasonable Time or Times, within the Space of fourteen Days next after such Delivery, to produce, or cause to be produced, such Bill of Parcels to the said Court, or to the said Lord Mayor, or to the said Justices, or to the Meal Weighers of the said City, or any or either of them, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Court, or the said Lord Mayor, shall appoint to inspect the same; and that in every such Case, such Baker or other Persons to or for whom such Order shall be given or left, or his Servants or Agents, shall produce, or cause to be produced, such Bill of Parcels, pursuant to such Order, and the true Meaning of this Act; and in case any such Baker or other Person shall nor, within seven Days after such Order shall be so given to, or left for him, produce, or cause to be produced, such Bill of Parcels accordingly, he or they so offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Weekly Returns or Accounts of Wheat, and of Meal and

Flour made of Wheat, hereby directed to be made and given in as aforesaid, shall be in lieu and (lead of so much only of the Weekly Return or Account, by the said recited Act directed to be given in and certified, of the Prices which the several Kinds of Grain, Meal, and Flour, shall fell for in the Markets or Places in London, where such Grain, Meal, and Flour shall be publicly fold, as relates to Wheat, and Meal and Flour made of Wheat; but nevertheless such last mentioned Return or Account of other Grain than Wheat, and of other Meal and Flour, which shall be fold in London, shall be no longer considered as necessary to be given in and certified under the said recited Act, unless the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the Lord Aiayor of the said City of London for the Time being, shall at any Time or Times order the same to be given in and Certified as such Act directs. Meal and Flour msdc of Wheat.—Returns of other Gra

XIV. And, for the more easily and effectually carrying of this Act into Execution, be it enacted, That in

all Returns to be made pursuant to the Directions of this Act, the Quantities of Corn and Grain shall be computed by the Bushel of eight Gallons, commonly called or known by the Name of the The Winchester Bu/het\ and Flour shall be computed by the Sack, which shall contain five Bushels, or two hundred and eighty Pounds Weight. '

XV. And be it further enacted, That weekly, on every 77/efda)\being the next Day after every Weekly Return or Account of Wheat for the Week next but one preceding shall be delivered or left by the said Meal Weighers, or other Persons as aforesaid, and being also the next Day after the said Returns of Accounts of Meal and Flour made of Wheat for the Week next preceding shall be delivered or left by the Bakers or other Persons making Bread for Sale, within the said City, or Liberties thereof, or Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, as before-mentioned, the Assize and Weight of all Bread to be made of the Flour or Meal of Wheat, and fold or exposed to Sale by any Person or Persons, within tl»c City of London Exchange*

shall from

Court shall then fit, and if such Court shall not then fit, then by the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, either from or according to what shall, by Means of the said Return or Account of Wheat, appear to be the then Average Price of Wheat fit for the making of Wheaten Bread, or from or according

Wheat, as shall be mentioned in the Bakers* Accounts fur the preceding Week*, and

Average Price thereof.

Every Buyer or Seller of Wheat, or of Meal 01; Flour made of Wheat, upon Request, by the Meal Weighers, &c. to disclose the true Prices, Sec,

Power to tf.c

9 S

Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Lord Mayor, or Justices, to order Bills cl Parcels of Me al or Flour to be producedj

and the same are to l/c produced accordingly.

Penalty in case of Default, 5l.

The Weekly Returns hereby directed, to be in lieu of so much only of the Weekly Returns required by the Act 31 Geo. 2. as relates to Wheat, and in discontinued.

Directions for computing the quantities.

The Assize of

Bread to be set every Tuesday by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or if such Court Bull not fit, then by the Lord Mayorj

either from the Price of Wheat, or from that of

Flout 3

596

C. 98.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

to what shall, by Means of the said Returns or Accounts of Flour and Meal, appear to be the then Average Price of Flour and Meal fit for the making of Wheaten Bread, as near as possible, according to the Table herein after contained; and that the Assizes of Bread jvhich shall be so respectively set, shall take place upon and from the Thursday next ensuing, and be in Force for the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, (the City of Westminster, and Liberties thereof, the Borough of Southwark, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Surrey, excepted,) until a new or other Assize of Bread, in London shall be set; and that after the fixing or setting of every such Assize of Bread by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or by the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, when the said Court shall not fit, the Assize so from Time to Time set shall, with all convenient Speed after the setting thereof, be made public in such Manner as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall order or direct; but before any Advance or Reduction shall in any Week be made in the Price of Bread by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, the Meal Weighers of the said City for the Time being, or such other Persons as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall from Time to Time appoint to return the Quantities and Prices of Wheat, and of Meal and Flour made of Wheat, shall leave in Writing, at the Common Hall of the Company of Bakers, in the said City of London, a Copy of the then last Returns of the Quantities and Prices of Wheat, and of Meal and Flour made of Wheat, which they shall make and enter in such Book or Books to be provided and kept at the Town Clerk’s Office as aforesaid, some Lime of the same Day on which such Meal Weighers or other Persons shall make such Return and Entry as aforesaid, to the Intent that the said Company of Bakers may, the Morning of the next Day after every such Return and Entry shall be made, and before any Assize shall be set, from Time to Time have an Opportunity to offer to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, if such Court shall then fit, and if such Court shall not then fit, to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, all such Objections as the said Company of Bakers shall have and think fit to offer against any Advance or Reduction being that Day made, in London, in the Price of Bread.

and to take place upon the Thursday following, and be in force for the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within 10 Miles of the Royal Exchange,

(Westminster, and Southwark, and the Bills of Mortality in Surrey excepted,) and to be publishetl forthwith.

Before any Advance, 01 Ke-duilion, can be made, the Meal Weighers are to leave, at Bakers Hall, a Copy of the last Returns.

The Assize and Price of Bread to be let according to the Table i^re unto annexed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from Time to Time, when and so often as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, shall set the Assize of Bread in Execution of this Act, the Assize and Weight of the Bread to which such Assize shall relate, and the Prices to be paid for the same respectively, shall, as near as can, be set and ascertained according to the following Table, instead of the 'Fable directed to be made use of by the said Act of the thirty-foil Year of King George the Second;

TABLE

from the Price of FLOUR.

THE ASSIZE TABLE.

BREAD

When d

Is returned fi Market

The

Three-penny

Loaf

To weigh

The

Sixpenny

Loaf

To weigh

The

Twelve-penny

Loaf

To weigh

Ter Quarter.

Wheaten.

Household. Wheaten. Household. I Wheaton. Household.

lb. cas. dr. I lb. oz. dr.\\ lb. oz. dr.

0 1 2 9 11

14 14 2 7 11

*3 12 2 5 H

12 12 2 4 4

11 12 2 2 12

10 14 2 1 5

10 1 2 0 1

S II

I

The

Eighteen-penny Loaf

To weigh

Wheaten. Household,

lb. oz. dr. lb. OZ. dr* ft. os. </r.

13 0 8 14 3 7 *9 s 12

12 4 3 <3 9 <9 18 6 5

11 9 S >3 0 8 17 6 0

10 !5 9 12 8 2 16 7 5

10 6 12 12 0 7 f5 10 3

2 (I

3 9 8 5 *5 5 7 3 0 S *4 «5 10 12 8

3 7 9 5 12 10 6 *5 3 8 11 0 110 6 12

3 S 12 10 2 6 11 9 8 7 3 (O 1 6

3 4 2 5 7 12 6 8 4| 8 3 10 9 12 6

3 2 8 5 5 8 6 5 1 j 8 0 4 9 7 10

3 1 0 5 3 6 6 2 1 7 ]3 1 9 3 2

2 *5 i° $ 1 5 5 *5 5 7 10 0 8 14 *5

2 *4 5 4 *5 6 5 12 IO, 7 7 2 8 11 0

f By this Table Bread is ahoay s to advance Half an Assize, or one* Farthing in the Quartern Loaf cn an Advance of

d. per Bujkcl

or i s. 8d. per Quarter of Wheat j and the same on I s. S d. per Sack, cr 4d. per Bushel of Flour j except in four Injlancetf tuberi it advance* on the Rife if ^d. per Bushel, or as. 8d. per Quarter of Wheat. Thit Alteration ft or* a| d. to 4 d. in the Rife of dbg Bushel of Wheat, for the Purpoja of increasing the Difference between the Price tf the Quarter of Wheat and the Sack of Flour, —The first four Articlet of the Table make a s. j the next fve make 3 s. jrhe next fifteen make 4 S. j the next twelve make 5 s.; and the last nine make 6s. Difference, between the Price of ebc Sack of Flour and that of the Quarter of Wheat.]

1

I

To jrent P. 596. 37 Geo. III

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any Place or Places within the City of London,

or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange aforesaid, where any Sixpenny, Twelvepenny, or Eighteenpenny Loaves, shall at any Time be ordered or allowed to be made or fold, no Peck, Half Peck, or Quartern Loaves, shall be permitted or allowed at the same Time to be there made or (old, left any of those Sorts of Loaves might be fold designedly, or otherwise, for some other or others of them, to the Injury of unwary People; and every Person who shall offend herein shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, shall from Time to Time think fit. '

XVIII. And be it likewise enacted, That if any Corn Meter of the City of London, or any Corn Fadlor,

Baker, or other Person, being or who shall be a Seller of Wheat, or Maker of Bread for Sale, within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, or any Meal Weigher of the City of London, or other Person or Persons who, in pursuance of this Act, shall be appointed by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City to certify and return the Quantities and Prices of Wheat, or of Meal and Flour made of Wheat, shall in any wise neglect, omit, or refuse to make, deliver, or leave any such Entry, Account, or Return, as is by this Act required or directed to be made, delivered, or left by him or them respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or shall designedly or knowingly make, deliver, or leave, or cause to be made, delivered, or left, any false Entry, Return, or Account, as and for any such Entry, Return, or Account, as is required by this Act, or if any Constable or other Peace Officer shall refuse or neglect to observe or obey any Warrant in Writing, which shall be delivered to him, under the Hand and Seal of any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, or to do any other Act requisite to be done by him or them for carrying this Act, or any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, into Execution, then every Person so offending in any of the Premises, on being convicted of any such Offence, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum* not exceeding ten Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order, every Time he or they shall so offend, and be convicted of any such Offence. f

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Buyer or Seller of, or Dealer in Wheat, or Meal or Flour made of Wheat, within the said City or Liberties thereof, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, on reasonable Request: to him or her made by any one or more of the Meal Weighers of the City of London, or by any one or more of such other Persons who, in pursuance of this Act, shall be appointed as aforesaid to return and certify, as hereby is directed, the Quantities and Prices of Wheat, or Meal and Flour made of Wheat, shall refuse to disclose and make known to such Meal Weighers, or either of them, or such other Person or Persons who shall be so appointed, and who shall request the same, the true and real Prices which any Quantities and Sorts of Wheat, or Meal or Flour made of Wheat, which shall have been bought or sold within the said City or Liberties thereof, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, at any Time or Times within the Space of fourteen Days then last past, by or for such Buyer or Seller of, or Dealer in Wheat, or Meal or Flour made of Wheat, shall have been actually and bona fide bought or sold at, with all the several Quantities and Sorts thereof, and the several apparent Purposes for which the same shall have been bought respectively, or shall knowingly give in to any such Meal Weigher or other Person, who shall be appointed in pursuance of this Act to return and certify, or receive the Quantities and Prices of Wheat, or of Meal or Flour made of Wheat, any false or untrue Price or Prices of any Wheat, or of Meal or F lour made of Wheat, bought or sold, or agreed so to be, or knowingly give any untrue Account of the Quantities or Sorts of such Wheat, or Meal or F lour made of Wheat, or of the apparent Purposes for which the same respectively shall have been bought, then and in every such Case, he, she, or they so offending, on being convicted of any such Ostence by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or solemn Affirmation of any credible Witness or Witnesses, being a Quaker or Quakers, or on the Confession of the Party accused, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order, every Time he, she, or they shall lo offend, and be convicted of any such Offence.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, shall, at any Time within the Space of fourteen Days after any such Return or Account as aforesaid of Wheat, or of Meal or Flour, shall have been made, have Reason to believe that the same was not truly and bona fide made, then and in any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, or of any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting within the Limits hereinbefore mentioned, to summon before them or him any Person or Persons then residing within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, who shall have bought or sold, or there shall be Reason to believe have bought or sold, or agreed to buy or fell any Wheat, or Meal or Flour made of Wheat, within the said City, or Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, or who shall be thought likely to give any Information concerning the Premises, and to examine such Person or Persons respectively upon Oath touching the Rates and Prices which the several Quantities and Sorts of Wheat, and Meal and Flour made of Wheat, or any of them, were then really and bona fide fold for, or bought at, or agreed so to be, by him, her, or them respectively, or by any other Person or Persons, at any Time or Times within the Space of fourteen Days preceding the sum-nioning of him, her, or them so summoned respectively; and if any Person or Persons who shall be so summoned as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to appear on such Summons, (and Proof shall be made on Oath of

597

Sixpenny, Twelvepenny, and Eighteen-penny Loaves, not to be sold afc. the same Time as Pecks, Half-Pecks, and Quarterns.

Any Com Meter, Corn Factor, Baker, Meal Weigher, See who shall neglect his Duty, &c.

to forfeit not exceeding tol.

Any Buyer, Sec* who shall refuse to disclose true Prices,.

to forfeit not exceeding 10L

When any fijfc Return shall be suspected to be made, the

C0urt, &c. may summon ary Person likely to give Information,

Persons fom» moned refusing to attend or to answer on Oath, to forfeit not exceeding 10l.

persons for-swearing themselves, fuhje£l to He prosecuted lor Perjury.

Bakers, &c. not to use Alluni in making of Bread for Sale,

on Pain of forfeiting not exceeding icL nor left than 5l. or of Imprisonment not exceeding six Months, nor left than two.

Wardmote Inquest may enter Bakers Shops, &c. to weigh and try Bread, and seize such jis shall be found deficient, which shall he disposed of by the Magistrates.

Cap. 11.

Penalty cn obstructing Search or Seizure of Bread, from 5l. to 20s.

The Returns not to be inspected or made known, except to such Magistrates, Officer*, Arc. as such Returns are intended to be in fjxfted and examined by, on Penalty from icl. to 20l.

C. 98.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

such Summons having been duly served^pon him, her, or them for that Purpose,) or if any Person or Persons so summoned shall appear, and neglect or relufe to answer on Oath such lawful Questions touching the Pre-miles as shall be proposed to him, her, or them, by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, or by the said Justice or Justices, without some just or reasonable Excuse, to be allowed of by such Court, or Lord Mayor, or Justice, he, she, or they so offending, on being convicted of any such Offence, either by the Oath of one or more -credible Witness or Witnesses, or his, her, or their owii Confession, before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or before the said Lord Mayor for the Time being

iy sum not exceeding ten Pounds, as f j

any Person who shall be so examined

on Oath, or in talcing any other Oath directed to be taken by this Act, shall wilfully forswear him or her-self, every such Person shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted as for Perjury, by Indictment- or Information by due Course of Law, and if convicted shall be liable to the Penalties Persons convicted of wilful and

corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Baker, or other Person making or who shall make Bread for Sale, within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, nor any Journeyman or other Servant of any such Baker or other Person as last mentioned, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, in the making of Bread for Sale, put any Allum, or Preparation or Mixture in which Allum shall be an Ingredient, or any other Preparation or Mixture in lieu of Allum, into the Dough of such Bread, or in anywise use or cause to be used any Allum in the making of such Bread, on any Account, or under any Oulouror Pretence whatsoever, upon Pain that every such Person, whether Master, or Journeyman, or other Person, who shall knowingly offend in the Premises, and shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, shall, on every such Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, or shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, "be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some Prison of the County, City, Borough, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than two Calendar Months, from the Time of such Commitment, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices shall think fit and order; and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause the Offender’s Name, Place of Abode, and Offence, to be published in some Newspaper which shall be printed or published in or near the City of London, or the Liberty of Westminster, and to defray the Expence of publishing the same out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, if any shall be so forfeited, and shall be paid or recovered.

XXII. And be it further enacted, 1'hat it shall and may be lawful for the several Wardmote Inquests of the said City of London, from Time to Time, and at all reasonable Times in the Day Time, to enter into any House, Shop, Stall, Bakchouse, Warehouse, Outhoulc, or other Place, of or belonging to any Baker or Seller of Bread, within their respective WTards, to view, weigh, and try all or any of the Loaves of Bread which shall be there exposed to or for Sale, and if any of the Loaves of Bread so exposed to or for Sale, or which shall be carrying or conveying to or for any Dealer therein, or Consumer thereof, shall be found to be wanting, either in the Goodness of the Stuff whereof the same shall be made, or to be deficient in the due baking or working thereof, or shall be wanting in the due Weight, (such Weight to be ascertained within twenty-four Hours after such Bread shall have been baked,) or shall not be truly marked according to the Directions of the Act of Parliament, made and passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty such Wardmote Inquest, or any four or more of the Persons composing the lame, within their respective Wards, shall and may seize such Bread, and after Seizure thereof shall, with all convenient Speed, cause the same to be cartied to any Magistrate or Magistrates of the said City of London, who shall and may dispose thereof as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any Search hereinbefore authorized to be made, or the Seizure of any Bread which shall be found upon any such Search, or the taking or carrying away the same, he, she, or they, so doing or offending shall, upon being convicted thereof in Manner as by the said last mentioned Act is directed, forfeit and pay, for every Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted shall think fit to order.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Corn Meter, Meal Weigher, or other Person who shall be employed or concerned in the preparing, making, or keeping, of any such General Returns of Wheat, or of Flour or Meal made of Wheat, as are by this Act required and directed to be made, shall, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, cause or permit such Returns, or any of them, to be inspected by, or any of the Particulars thereof reflectively to be made known to any Person or Persons without the Order of the Lord Mayor for the Time being of the City of London, for that Purpose first obtained, favc and except only such Magistrates, Officers, and other Persons as such Returns are intended to be inspected and examined by from Time to Time, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, for the Purpose of carrying the same into Execution; and every Person who shall offend herein shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, shall from Time to Time think fit.

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98, 99. 599

XXV. And be it also enacted, That the Clauses, Provisions, and Directions, contained in the said in Part recited Act of the thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for empowering Magistrates to hear and determine Offences against the said Act in a summary Way, and summon and examine Evidences, and convict Offenders, and for recovering Penalties and otherwise punishing Offenders, and for authorizing Persons thinking themselves aggrieved to appeal to the Justices at the General or Quarter Ssfiions of the Peace, and the Clauses and Directions in the same Act contained for protecting and indemnifying Magi-itrates and other Officers under the said Act, shall respectively extend and relate to this present Act, and, so far as the same are applicable to the Purposes of this Act, shall be exercised for putting this Act in Execution, and enforcing the Provisions and Directions thereof, in such and the same Manner as if the same several Clauses were herein contained, and at large re-enacted.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Magistrates, and all other Persons whomsoever, shall be entitled to and have all such other the Privileges, Protections, and Indemnifications, in all Respects whatsoever, for what they shall lawfully'do in putting this Act in Execution, as they are entitled to and5 have by the Laws already enacted and now in being relative to the making of Bread, and felling, or exposing the same to or for Sale, for putting the said Laws in Execution.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari, Letters of Advocation or of Suspension, shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this Act.

Certain Clauses, Provisions, anti Piiedlions, in the Act 51 Geo. 3. c. 29. extended to this Act.

Privileges, Indemnities, &c. to Magistrates.

No Certiorari, shall be granted to remove Proceedings under this Act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That no Person shall be convicted of any Offence Limitation of under this Act* unless the Prosecution in order for such Conviction shall be commenced within fourteen Days ^fecunons. after the Offence committed; and that no Person who shall be prosecuted to Conviction for any Offence victed not tcTbi done or committed against this Act, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the same Offence under any other Procescuted for

Law. the same Offence under any other Law.

XXIX. And be it also enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted shall, when recovered or paid, go and be disposed of in Manner following; (that is to say,) one Moiety thereof, where any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, either by his, her, or their Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform against and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety thereof, or in case there be no such Person informing, then the Whole thereof, shall go and be paid or applied to or for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, or the Party convicted, as the Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall in his or their Discretion think fit.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend t<M>rejudice any Right or Custom of the City of London, or the Practice there used, or any Right or Custom of any Lord or Lords of any Leet, to set, esquire, and punish the Breach of Assize of Bread within their respective Leets, or Views of Frankpledge, or the Rights of any Clerk or Clerks of the Market in any Place. 1 * T

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Directions, Regulations, Powers, and Authorities of this Act shall commence and take place, and be had, done, executed, and performed, immediately from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, unless otherwise especially directed by this Act.

Application 9f

Preservation of Rights.

Commencement of this Act.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to revive end continue the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries earned on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the BritiJIj Dominions in Europe \ to continue so much of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, in Foreign Ships, into and from the Port of Saint John's in the Island of Antigua; and so much of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishopt and Argles Bishop> to carry on the Manufacture of MaidjUne Geneva; and also so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time.

[4th July 1797.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial ;*

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, I hat the Bounties granted by a<;ceo. 3 r. it an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year or the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and rrvived imm

render January 1, 1797,

600

4

and continued for two Years.

So much of 33 Geo. 3. c. 50, as respects the Fort of St. John’s in Ami^ gua, continued until July iq, iSci.

Recital of 33 Geo. 3. c. 59.

and 35 Geo. 3.

c. 89.

Mefirs. Bishop may make Maidftor.e Geneva until July 5, 1799, subject to the present Duties.

So much of 35 Geo. 3. c. 114. as wax to continue until July 5, 1797, further continued for a Year.

Cap. xoa.

C. 99, 100. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

render more effectual the several Laws now in Force for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for granting Bounties, for a limited Lime, on certain Terms and Conditions, which were to be paid and allowed annually from and after the first: Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for ten Years and no longer; and all and every Regulation therein contained respecting the same, shall, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be revived, and the same are hereby revived; and the said Bounties shall be paid and allowed, and the said Regulations shall continue in Force, for and during the further Term of two Years from the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act passed in the twenty feverth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, JVares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Surar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships; andfo much of two Acts made in the twenty-eighth and thirty -first Tears of his present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any

Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in 'the West Indies from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the

West Indies or South America; and so much of the said Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine into Nova Scota or New Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America, as respects the Port of St. John's in the Island of Antigua, which was to continue in Force until the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one. < " ffs

III. And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

c intituled, An Act to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a limited Tbne\ and also for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned; reciting, that certain

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fihes, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were, by an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, provided, settled, and established, for the Manufacture of Spirits called Maiclflone Geneva, established at Maidstone in the County of Kent, by 4 George Bifloop of that Place; and that certain Duties were, by the said Act, and by another Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, imposed on the said George Bishop for and in respect of Wash produced by him from Malt, or other Corn; and that the said George Biflop was lately dead, and Sir JVtlHam Bifloop Knight, George Bishop, and Argles Biflop, were become possessed of the A Distillery and Premises in which the said George Biflop deceased carried on the Manufacture of such Maidstone Geneva at Maidstone aforesaid, and that the said Sir William Biflop, George Bishop, and Argles Bflop, were desirous to carry on the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said Distillery and Premises at Maidstone aforesaid, under and subject to the like Duties,

4 Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, P ines, Penalties, and forfeitures, as the said George Bishop deceased carried on the Manufacture of and made Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva; and that it was expedient to allow the said Sir William Bishop, George Biflop, and Argles Biflop, so to carry on such Manufacture, and to make such Spirits, it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Sir William Bishop, George Biflcf, and Argles Biflop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them,

possessed of the said Distillery and Premises, to carry on the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said Distillery and Premises at Maidstone, until and upon the fifth Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-rive, under and subject to the like Duties as were imposed c on the said George Biflop deceased, by the said Acts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his said Majesty: And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Permission was continued until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: And whereas it is expedient to allow the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, zx\& 4 Argles Biflcp, so to carry on such Manufacture, and to make such Spirits, for a further Term :* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir JViViam Bishop, George Bishop, zn& Argles Biflop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, possessed of the said Distillery or Distilleries, to carry on the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said Distillery and Premises at Maidstone aforesaid, from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, under and subject to the like Duties as are now payable by the said Sir William Biflop, George Biflop, and Argles Biflop.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to have Continuance until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

CAP. C.

An Act for extending the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation; and for explaining and amending an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *, for making the said Canal.

[4th July 1797.]

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 101, 102.

601:

CAP. CI.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Aberdeen, for building new Quays, Wharfs, and

Docks, and for making new Roads and Passages, and widening others leading to and from the said Harbour.

[4th July 1797.]

CAP. CII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland herein particularly described, for a limited Time* and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland.

mi'an q [19* July 1797.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects , the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and

making Addition to the ublic Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty, the additional Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted*/ and be it enacted by the King’s most: excellent- Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, colltfled, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein after mentioned, over and above all the Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

Por and upon all Licences which shall be granted by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, at any Time after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the erecting, keeping, and working. Stills in the Highlands of Scotland, within the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Limits, in a certain Act, pasted in the thirty third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of Yariuib-incdc Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited Time, particularly specified and described, except such Part of the said Highlands of Scotland as lie within the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places, herein after particularly specified and described, the additional Duties following; that is to say, upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every such Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend,) which, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be used or employed in distilling and drawing off Spirits from the Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of the several and respective Counties, or Parts of Counties, mentioned in the said Act, except as aforesaid, the additional Competition, Licence Duty, or Sum, after the Rate of six Pounds and ten Shillings for one Year:

fSee Stats. 13 GEO. 3 c 19.

35 Geo. 3. C. 41.J

The following additional Duties of Exafe to be paid in Scotland:

On Licences granted after

July 1797* for creating Stills in the4 Highlands within the Limits specified in 33 Geo. 3. C. 6t. (except a: herein after describ-cd,) for each Gallon of the Contents, where Barley, &c. of the Growth within the said Limits is used, 61. 10s- per Annum:

And for and upon all Spirits which shall be manufactured from such licensed Still, over and above the Quantity limited by this Act, an additional Duty of feur Shillings and Four-pence for each Gallon of such Surplus Spirits, to be paid upon Demand by the Distiller thereof:

And for and upon all Licences which shall be granted after the fifth Day of .7^ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, by the said Commissioners for the erecting, keeping, and working. Stills in such Parts of the said Highlands as lie within the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places, herein after particularly specified and described, the additional Duties following; {that is to lay,) upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every such Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend,) which, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be used or employed in distilling and drawing oft* Spirits from the Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of the several and respective Counties, or Parts of Counties, and Places, herein after particularly specified and described, the additional Composition, Licence Duty, or Sum, after the Rate of four Pounds for one Year:

And for and upon all Spirits which shall be manufactured from such licensed Still as last mentioned, over and above the annual Quantity limited by this Act, an additional Duty of two Shillings and Eight-pence for each Gallon of such Surplus Spirits, to be paid upon Demand by the Distiller thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act imposed shall be raised, collected, recovered, secured, and paid, by such Persons, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and%with and subject to such Powers, and to the like Allowances and Directions, and by fjch Methods, and in such Manner and Form, (except where otherwise expressly directed or provided by this Act,) as by the said Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,/w the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the 37 Geo. III. 4 I Exportation

and for each Gallon drilled above a limited Quantity,^. 4d.

On Licences granted for Stills in the Parts herein after specified, lor each Gallon of the Contents, where Barley, 6cc. of

Growth within

those Parts is used, 41. per. Ann.:

and for each Gallon diddled above a limit, d Quantity, 2$. 8d.

Powers of

33 Geo. 3. c. 61. and all other A<ds relating to the DifLllencs in Scotland, (except o!lu£-wife d.rectid,)

to extend to

Act

602

C. 102.

tricesimo sept

i

III.

A.D. 1797.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Application of the Duties.

Duties, with others granted for the same Purpose, to be kept separate.

Licences granted between Dec. 1, 17961 and July 5,

1797, to cease from the latter Day, and on being delivered up by 25 July, a Proportion of the Duties to be returned, if the full Quantity of Spirits specified in recited Act shall not have been distilled.

Stills within certain Limits to be licensed for a Year, from July 5,1797» on Payment of 4l. additional Duty;

Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force concerning Distilleries in Scotland, is directed or prescribed; and that all the Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Directions, mentioned and contained in the said Act or Acts respectively, (except as aforesaid,) shall be practised and put in Execution for the raising, levying, recovering, securing, or paying, the Duties by this Act imposed in Manner in the said Acts directed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were particularly repeated and enacted in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the said Dunes,

or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or to be passed, in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates or Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Licences granted fi nee the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the credting, keeping, and working Stills, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, cease and determine, in and throughout all the Counties, and Parts of Counties and Districts, in the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty particularly described and specified as the Highlands of Scotland, save and except as to any Arrears of the said Duties which may, on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, remain in Arrear and unuaid, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which may have been incurred on or before that Day; and all and every Person or Persons To licensed, who shall deliver up such Licence to be vacated before or on the Expiration of twenty Days after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, (provided such Distiller or Distillers shall not have distilled the full Quantity of Spirits specified in the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,) shall, upon the Delivery of such Licence as aforesaid, be entitled to a Return of a Part of the Duty paid thereupon for the present Year, in proportion to the Period of the Year then unexpired.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Stills so to be licensed to be set up in the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places, herein after mentioned and described, that is to say. In any Place which lies to the Westward or Northward of a certain Line or Boundary, beginning at the East Point of Loch Crinan, and proceeding from thence to Loch Gilpin; from thence along the great Road on the West Side of Loch Fine, to Inverary, and to the Head oi Loch Fine*, from thence along the high Road to Arrochar, in the County of Dunbarton, and from thence to Tarbet\ from Far bet in a supposed straight Line East ward, on the North Side of the Mountain called Bcnlomond, to the Village of Callendar of Monteiih, in the County of Perth; from thence North-eastward to Cricjf\ from thence Northward, along the Road by Amblerce and Inver, to Dunkeld; from thence along the Foot and South Side of the Grampion Hills to Fetter Cairn, in the County of Kincardine; and from thence Northward, along the Road, by Cutties, Hillock, Kincardine, O' Ned, Quit, Hunt'ey, and Keith, to Fochabars\ and from thence Westward, by Elgin and Forres, to the Boat on the River Findhorn; and from thence down the kid River to the Sea of Findhorn, and any Place in or Part of the County of Elgin, which lies to the Southward of the said Line from Fochabars to the Sea at Findhorn, shall be licensed for the Term of one whole Year, from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on Payment of the Composition or Licence Duty, at and after the Rate oi four Pounds, in Addition to the Duties already imposed thereon by any Act or Acts in Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, for each Gallon English Wine Measure of the Content or Capacity of such Still; and all Stills so to be licensed to be set up in any other Part of the said Highlands of Scotland, as described in the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, except the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places hereinbefore particularly specified and described, shall be licensed for the like Term as aforesaid, on Payment of the Composition or Licence Duty, at and after the Rate of six Pounds and ten Shillings, in Addition to the said Duties already imposed thereon as aforesaid.

and within any other Part 01 the Highlands, described in-35 Geo. j-c. 6r. on Payment of

61 addi- u I I I I

tional Duty, for each Gallon of their Content?,

If Act shall not continue in Force a Year, a Proportion of the Duty to be returned, tc.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if this Act shall not continue in Force during the whole Period of the Year for which such Licences as aforesaid shall be granted, every Distiller so to be licensed, shall be entitled to a Return of a Part of the Duty paid thereupon, in Proportion to the unexpired Period of the Year for which such Licences shall be granted, remaining at the Expiration of this Act, provided such Distiller shall not have distilled the full Quantity of Spirits specified in this Act for which such Licence Duty is hereby declared to be a Composition,

I

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 102.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Still within the Counties, Parts of Counties,

or Places hereinbefore particularly described and specified, to be subject to the Duty at the Rate of four Pounds by this Act, shall be licensed to be set up or worked nearer than two English Statute Miles within the said Line or Boundary, nor within any Part or Place within the Counties of Elgin or Banff, not being distant from the neared Part of the Sea Shore more than three Englifl) Statute Aides; and that no StiR within any other Part of the said Highlands, as described in the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, without the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places hereinbefore particularly Specified and described, shall be licensed to be set up or worked nearer than two English Statute Miles within and from the said Line or Boundary, as described in the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Still shall be licensed to be set up within the Counties,

Parts of Counties, or Places hereinbefore particularly specified and described, for the diddling or drawing off Spirits from the Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of any County or Place without the Line or Boundary hereinbefore particularly specified and described; and that no Still shall be licensed to be set up in any other Part of the said Highlands, without the Line and Boundary hereinbefore particularly specified and described, for the diddling or di awing oft’ Spirits from the Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of any County or Place not within the said Highlands, as described in the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and if any licensed Distiller within the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places hereinbefore particularly specified and described, shall import or bring, buy, receive, or use, for the Purpose of Distillation, any Barley, Beer, Malt, or Grain, not being the actual Growth and Produce of those Counties, or of those Parts and Places of Counties only which are hereinbefore particularly described and specified; or if any licensed Distiller in any other Part of the said Highlands of Scotland, not being within the Counties, Parts of Counties, or Places hereinbefore particularly specified and described, shall import or bring, buy, receive, or use, for the Purpose of Distillation, any Barley, Beer, Malt, or Grain, not being the actual Growth and Produce of the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places only, which are by the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty particularly specified and described as the Highlands of Scotland, every such Distiller shall forfeit twenty Shillings per Buftiel for all such Grain or Malt, and also his or her current Licence, and Still and Utensils, and upon being convicted thereof (halt be incapable of ever afterwards receiving another Licence as a Highland Distiller.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits, the Manufacture of Stills licensed to be set up within any of the Counties, Parts of Counties, or Places hereinbefore particularly specified and described, shall be allowed to paf$ out of the said Limits with or without Permit, either by Land or Water, across the Line or Boundary hereinbefore specified, or from the Coasts or Ports of any of the Counties or Districts included within the said Line or Boundary, and that no Spirits, the Manufacture of Stills licensed to be set up within any other Part of the said Highlands without the said Counties, Part of Counties, and Places hereinbefore particularly specified and described, shall be allowed to pass out of the said Highlands, as described by the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, with or without Permit, either by Land or Water, across the Line or Boundary in the said Act expressed, or from the Coasts or Ports of any of the Counties, Parts of Counties, or Places within the said Highlands, as described as last aforesaid; and that all Spirits distilled within the respective Limits in this Act, or in the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty described, that shall be found passing to or in other Parts without those respective Limits, or from the Coasts of the said Kingdom, either with or without Permit, shall be liable to Seizure by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excite in England or Scotland respectively, and shall be forfeited and lost, together with the Casks, Vessels, and other Packages, containing the same; and also the Vessels and Boats, Horses and other Cattle and Carriages made use of in the Removal or Conveyance thereof; and if any licensed Distiller shall fend or carry, or knowingly permit or suffer to be sent or carried, from his or her Distillery or other Place, any Spirits distilled by him or her tinder such#Licence, contrary to this Act, every such licensed Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when the additional Composition Duty, after the Rate of six Pounds and ten Shillings, imposed-by this Act, shall be paid by a Still of forty Gallons, such Duty shall be held to be a Composition for the Duty on Dry Malt, to the Extent of five hundred Bolls Linlithgow Measure, or three thousand Bushels, and no more; and when the additional Composition Duty, after the Rate of four Pounds, imposed by this Act, shall be paid for a Still of forty Gallons, such Duty shall be held to be a Composition for the Duty on Dry Malt, to the Extent of four hundred and fifty Bolls Linlithgow Measure, or two thousand seven hundred Bushels, and no more; and where any such Composition Duty shall be paid for any Still of a lester Size, the like Proportion shall be observed as to the Quantity of Malt for which such Duty shall be held to be a Composition; and that for all Malt which shall be used or made by any Distiller paying the Composition Duties last mentioned, there shall be paid by such Distiller the same Duties to which the entered Maltster shall be then liable by the Laws of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as enads, that every Officer of Excise who should in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland seize and bring to Condemnation any Still by those Acts made liable to Seizure and Forfeiture, (except in case of such Still or Stills being seized on the Discovery of any other Person in the Manner therein after specified,) should be entitled to a Reward of two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling for every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of such Still, including the Head thereof, to be paid out of his Majesty's Duties in Scotland, upon an Order from the said Commissioners of Excise, which Order the ikid Commissioners were thereby authorized and required to grant; provided nevertheless, that such Reward \7. - 4I 2 should

603

Limits within which Stills may

he licensed.

No Still to be

licensed to distil from Barley, &c. but of the Growth of certain Limits.

Penalty on Difl tillers buying or using Barley, Arc. not of the Growth of such Limits.

Spirits pacing out of certain Limits, to be forfeited, with the Vessels, Sec,

Distillers ailing contrary hereto, to forfeit tool.

Quantity of Dry Malt for which the additional Duty shall be deemed a Composition, &c.

So much of 26 Geo. 3. c. 64. and 28 Geo. 3. c. 46. as grants Rewards to Excise Officers seizing Stills, and Persons dif-covering Stills

604.

liable to Seizure, and inflicts Pu-luihment on Officers nt glebing to seize them, and grants Rewards to Persons making Complaint of such Neglefi,

repealed.

Contiruance of Ad.

C. 102, 103. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

should not exceed the Sum of twenty-one Pounds Sterling for any one Stil! so seized as aforesaid; and if any Person (not being an Officer of Excise) should make Ddcovery of any Still liable 10 Seizure and Forfeiture as aforesaid, so as that the same should be seized and condemned, such Person or Persons lLould be entitled to a Reward of one Shilling and Sixpence Sterling for every Gallon of the Capacity or Content of such Still, to be paid on the Condemnation thereof; provided also, that such Reward should not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds and ten Shillings for any one Still so forfeited as la.il aforesaid; and the Officers or Officer of Excise by whom the same should be seized should also be entitled to a Reward of one Shilling Sterling ior every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of such Still, so that such last mentioned Reward should not for any one Still exceed the Sum of ten Pounds and ten Shillings Sterling, and that such several Rewards should be paid by Order of the said Commissioners of Excise as aforesaid; and if by Reason of the small Size of any such Still or Stills the said Commissioners of Excise should think any of the Rewards aforesaid inefficient, the said Commissioners should and they were thereby authorized to augment the same respectively, not exceeding the respective Sums aforesaid; and also so much of the said Acts as further ena£ls, that if any Officer of Excise should, for the Space of twenty-four Hours after he should have received Information of such Still being unlawfully erected, used, or kept, or of any Worts, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, prepared and intended to be unlawfully used in Distilladon, wilfully neglect to seize the same respectively, every such Officer so offending should, upon Complaint made thereof, and Proof of the Fadtto’the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland\ be difinifled from his or their Office, and should never afterwards be capable of serving his Majesty in any Office or Place of Trust whatever, and should moreover forfeit and lose all such Salary as should be due to him at the Time of his Dismission; and in case the Person or Persons making such Complaint should be the same Person or Persons who gave the Information as aforesaid to the Officer or Officers so dismissed, such Person or Persons should be entitled to a Reward of one Shilling and Sixpence Sterling for every Gallon of the Contents or Capacity of the said Still or Stills, to be paid by the Order of the said Commissioners of Excise out of the Revenues of Excise; shall be and the same and every Part thereof are hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Regulations and Provisions of this Act shall continue and be in force until one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CIII.

An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

[19th July 1797.]

WHEREAS it has been found, from Experience, that the well-ordering and disciplining the Militia

in England and Wales, has essentially contributed to the Safety of the United Kingdom: And whereas it would further contribute to the same Purpose, and tend to repel any Attempt which the Enemies of this Country may make to effect a Delcent upon this Kingdom, if a well ordered and disciplined Militia were established in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland: And whereas the Laws now in being for the Regulation of the Fencible Men, or Militia, in Scotland, are defective and ineffectual:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Lieutenants whom his Majesty has already been pleased to constitute and appoint, or whom he hereafter may or shall from Time to Time be pleased to constitute and appoint, for the Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, herein after mentioned, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required to call together, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such Persons, and in such Manner as is herein after directed; and the said Lieutenants, and such Persons as they have appointed, or shall from Lime to Time appoint, their Deputy Lieutenants, and also such Persons as his Majesty shall from Time to Time appoint to serve as Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, and such Officers as shall be appointed by the Lieutenants of the Counties and Stewartries pursuant to the Directions of this Act, qualified as herein after directed, shall have the Power and Authority to call out, train, discipline, and command, the Persons so to be aimed and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions, herein after mentioned: Provided always, that the Lieutenant of every County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall have the chief Command of the Militia thereof, whilst they remain within the said County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or whilst they remain separate and not incorporated into Battalions by his Majesty's Commands, as herein after directed.

The Lieutenants

of Counties may call together, and cause to be trained, certain Persons; and they and the Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers, ni?y d»f-cipiinc them.

Lieutenant to have the chief Command whilst the Mi-

within the County? or whilst not incorporated.

Mode of appointing the Officers to Companies, furnished l y one or more than two Counties;

and where furnished by two Counties.

II. And be it further ervaded. That when any^ County or Stewartry shall furnish Men Efficient for one

or more complete Company or Companies, the Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns, of such Company or Companies shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of such County; and where the Men so furnished shall not be sufficient for a Company, the Lieutenant of the County furnishing the greatest Fractional Part of such Company shall appoint the Captain; the Lieutenant of the County furnishing the next most considerable Frational Part shall appoint the Lieutenant; and the Lieutenant of the County furnishing the next most considerable Fractional Part Hull appoint the Ensign. r>./

III. And be it further enacted, Fhat where the Men furnished by two Counties only are required to form one Company, or the Fractional Part of a Company, the Lieutenant of the County furr.i thing the largest P rational Part of such Company shall appoint the Captain; and the Lieutenant of lbs other County shall appoint the Lieutenant and Ensign.

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii. III. C. .103

605

IV. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may from Time to Time signify his Pleasure Lieutenant, to displace any Deputy Lieutenant or Commissioned Officers in the Militia appointed

Lieutenant to appoint* Clerk foK General Meetings; and Deputy Lieutenants one for Diilr<&s.

His Majesty may authorize three Deputies to act when the Lieutenant is out of the be no Lieutenant.

Revocation of the Lieutenant* Commi hi on not to vacate those granted by him.

Rank of the Officers>.

Qualification of Officers, except within Edinburgh and its Liberties.

to his Lieutenant to

w.wuivii vo vii|Macv- any ivcpuiy uicuiuraiu ui vuiilllfllllUHCU wuKcii ui me ivi appointed by the d,fplacc

Lieutenant, and thereupon the Lieutenant shall displace such Deputy Lieutenant or Offkeis accord- ^whenhi*

Majesty so pleases*

V. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant for any County, Stewartry, or Place, may and shall appoint a Cleric for the General Meetings Within such County, Stewartry, or Place, and may displace such Clerk if he shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and the Deputy Lieutenants, at their first Meeting within their respective Subdivisions or Diilriols, or the major Part of them piefent, may and shall appoint a Clerk tpr their Subdivision or District, and may, at any other Meeting within their Subdivision or District, displace such Clerk, if they, or the major Part of them present, shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room. -

VI. And be it further enacted, That when the Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry, City, or other Place, shall be out of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or when there shall be no Lieutenant, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to authorize any three Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to do all Acts, Matters, and Things, which might lawfully have been done by the said Lieutenant; and the same shall be good and valid in the Law as if done by the said Lieutenant himself.

JJ BG Kingdom, or when there shall

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Deputy Lieutenant, nor any Commission

of any Officer of the Militia already granted, or to be granted by any Lieutenant, shall be vacated by reason of toe Revocation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of the Commission by which any such Lieutenant was appointed. J

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Officers so appointed for the Militia, to be armed and arrayed

as herein after directed, shall rank with the Officers of such of his Majesty's Forces as are liable to serve out of Great Britain as youngest of their Rank.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Officers of Militia in pursuance of

this Act (except within the City of Edinburgh and its Liberties) shall be qualified as follows; that is to say, every Person so to be appointed a Colonel or Lieutenant Colonel shall be pofldled of an Estate in Property of four hundred Pounds Scots valued Rent in Scotland, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be possessed of an Estate of four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent as aforesaid; and each Person so to be appointed a Major or Captain shall be in like Manner possessed of an Estate of three hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall fie Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be possessed of an Estate of three hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent as aforesaid. or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death w;as, in like Manner possessed of an Estate of four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent as aforesaid, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of two thousand Pounds Sterling, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of two thouLnd Pounds Sterling; and that each Person so to be appointed a Lieutenant or Ensign shall be in like Manner possessed of an Estate of one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death w*as, in like Manner possessed of an Estate of three hundred Pounds Sects of valued Rent as aforesaid, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of one thousand Pounds Sterling, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was possessed of a Personal FI (late of one thousand Pounds Sterling: Provided always, that one Moiety of such Real Estates as aforesaid, required as Qualifications for each Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, and Ensign reflectively, shall be situate or arising within such respective County or Stewartry in which he shall be so appointed to lerve.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if a sufficient Number of Lieutenants and Ensigns cannot be found, qualified as aforesaid, to accept of Commissions in the Militia to be raised, it shall be lawful for the said Lieutenants to appoint for that Service such a Number of the Officers in the Army, whether on Full or Half Pay, or of Persons who have had Commissions in any of his Majesty's Regular or Fencible Forces, or in any Volunteer Corps in Scotland, although not duly qualified as aforesaid, such Officers not to be appointed, on their first Appointment, to any higher Rank in the said Militia than they respectively have, or ha\£e had, in his Majesty's other Regular, Fencible, or Volunteer Forces.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioned Officer shall act as such until he shall have left u'ith the Clerk of the Peace of the County or Stewartry for which he shall be so appointed, a specific Description. of his Qualification, as is hereinbefore required, in Writing, signed by himself; and such Clerk of the Peace shall enter the same upon a Roll to be kept for that Purpose; which Roll shall be open to the Inspection of ck^k'of Thc every Person at common and usual Hours, without Fee, Gratuity, or Reward of any Kind. Peace, to be entered on a Roll.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenant of the several Counties and Stewartries, and of the City of Edinburgh, and every Commissioned Officer of the said Militia, shall, at Lme General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County for which they are appointed to serve, or before any of the Magistrates of Edinburgh, within six Calendar Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the following Oath:

Jf qualified Pjer-fens cannot he found, Officer* in the Army, &c. may he ap-po nted Subalterns.

Officers before they act to leave their Qualifications with the King George

promise

Lieutenants, Deputies, and Officers, to take within six Months, the following

Oath,

6o6

Penalty on Officers acting who are unqualified, or have not taken the Oath.

Peers, or their Heirs Apparent, having a Place of Residence in the County, &c. may aft without being qualified*

Officers may be

Eromoted by the ieutenant for their Merit, though not qualified.

His Majesty may incorporate the Militia of several Counties, and promote

Appointments in the Militia not to vacate Seats in Parliament.

Number of the Private Militia Men.

Method of carrying the Act into Execution.

3. 103. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby conferred as Field Officers in the Militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, or who shall not take the Oath aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby conferied on Captains, not being qualified as aforesaid, and shall not take the Oath aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the bum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Use of such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety to the Uses herein after directed; and in every Action, Suit, or Information, brought against any Person for acting as a Commissioned Officer in the said Militia, not being qualified as hereinbefore described, the Proof of his Qualification, or of his having taken the Oaths, shall be upon the Person against whom the said Actionfball be brought: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall restrain^pr prevent any Peer of Scotland, or Heir Apparent of any such Peer, from being appointed or acting as a Commissioned Officer in the Militia, within the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, wherein such Peer, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, shall have some Place of Residence, although he may not have the Qualification hereinbefore required, or to oblige any Peer of this Realm, or any Heir Apparent of such Peer, who shall be appointed a Commissioned Officer as aforesaid, to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, for which he shall be appointed, any Qualification in Writing as aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that any Officer may be promoted, on Account of Merit, in the said Militia, when called out and assembled by the Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, from a lower to a higher Commission, notwithstanding he should not have the Qualification requisite for his Admission into such higher Rank of the Militia; and that it shall be lawful for his Majesty, in the Case herein after provided for, of judging it in his Wisdom expedient to incorporate together the Militia of several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, into one or more Battalions, to promote any Officers in the said different Militias to serve as Field Officers in such incorporated Battalions, on Account of Merit, though jnot having the Qualification necessary for such higher Rank.

Officers to be Field Officers therein on Account of Merit—though not qualified.

9

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Acceptance of an Appointment to be a Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant, or of a Commission in the said Militia, shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament, nor shall any such Acceptance or Appointment, or any such Commission, render any Person whatsoever ineligible to serve in Parliament; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary

thereof notwithstanding. jarttotfSI

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Number of private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be six thousand, to be apportioned and divided over the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, as his Majesty by Order in Council shall direct. v T

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Method for carrying into Execution this Act, to be observed in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be as followeth; that is to say, his Majesty's Lieutenant for each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, the Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, shall meet at some Burgh or principal Town of the County, Stewartry, or Place, for which they shall be commissioned, on the first Day of August, and shall at their first General Meeting appoint Subdivisions or Districts of the Deputy Lieutenants, within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Boroughs, and Places, and the Times and Places for their first Meetings, within the said Subdivisions or Districts respectively, and the Time and Place for a second General Meeting, and shall issue out their Orders to the Schoolmaster of each Parish, and to the Chief Constable, and where there is no Chief Constable to some other Officer of the several Districts, Parishes, or other Divisions, within their respective Counties, Stewartries, or Places, to require, by Orders under their Hands, the said Schoolmaster, Constable, or other Officer of each Parish or Place, within their respective Districts, Parishes, or other Divisions, to return to the Deputy Lieutenants, within their respective Subdivisions, at the Place and on the Day appointed at the said first General Meeting, fair and true Lifts in Writing of all the Men usually and at that Time dwelling within their respective Parishes and Places, between the Ages of Nineteen and Twenty-three inclusive, distinguishing their respective Ranks and Occupations, and which of the Persons so returned labour under any Infirmities incapacitating them from serving as Militia Men, having first affixed a true Copy of such List on the Door of the Church belonging to such Parish or Place, on the Sunday Morning before they shall make such Return; and on the Day and at the Place so respectively appointed as aforesaid for the Returns of the Lifts, the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace and the Schoolmasters of the Parishes within the said Subdivision or District, or such of them as are able to attend, so assembled in their Subdivisions or Districts, shall (after hearing any Person who shall think himself aggrieved by having his Name inserted in such Lists, or by any others being omitted) direct such Lists to be amended, as the Case shall require, and also the Names of all Persons by this Act respectively excepted to be struck out of the said Lifts, and shall appoint the Times and Places for their second Meetings, within their respective Subdivisions, and shall return to the second General Meeting all the Lifts for the several Parishes and Places so amended, at which said second General Meeting his Majesty's Lieutenant, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or in the Absence of his Majesty's laid Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall order Copies to be made of all the said Lifts, and such Copies to be returned to the Deputy Lieutenants at their second Meeting within their Subdivisions or Di-ftridls, wherein the Parishes and Places for which such Lists are made and returned are respectively situated.

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or, failing of him, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their second General Meeting, shall transmit to his Majesty's Privy Council an Account in Writing, signed by him or them, of the true State of the Number of Persons returned in the Lifts aforesaid, on Receipt of which his Majesty, by Order in Council, shall forthwith apportion and divide over the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, the Number of Militia to serve for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, so as not to exceed the Number of six thousand Men over that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or, failing of him, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall, upon Receipt of such Order in Council, containing an Apportionment of the Number of Men to be raised in each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, transmit a Copy of such Order to the Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with two Justices of the Peace, assembled at their second Meetings with such Schoolmasters as are able to attend, who shall proceed to ballot in Manner following; videlicet, the Names of all the Militia Men in each Parish, written or printed on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as may be of equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, shall be put into a Box or other Vessel, and shall there b? shaken together, and then a Number of Names equal to the Number apportioned by the Order in Council aforesaid, shall he drawn out and opened by the Person presiding at the Meeting, which Names shall be entered in a Roll, and declared to be the Quota of Militia Men for the Parish, and shall, in like Manner, proceed to ballot for each Parish respectively within the said Subdivision or District *, a Copy of which Roll or Rolls, subscribed by the Person presiding at the Meeting, shall within three Days thereafter be transmitted to the Lieutenant, or, failing him, to the Deputy Lieutenants authorized to act for him, and shall also be affixed by the Minister of each Parish to the Door of the Church the first Sunday thereafter.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenant of the said District, or other Person appointed by the Lord Lieutenant, shall give Notice in Writing by a Constable, or other Officer duly authorized by him, to the several Militia Men ballotted as aforesaid, by serving them personally, or byJeaving the same at their usual Places of Abode, to attend at a certain Time and Place to be specified in the said Order; and also such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place so mentioned, and in Default thereof shall suffer the same Pains and Penalties as are in such Cases herein after directed and imposed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Person so chosen by Ballot, or approved as a Substitute as is herein after directed, shall take and subscribe the following Oath, to be administered by the Deputy Lieutenant, or other Person appointed by the Lord Lieutenant for that Purpose:

4 T >/. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Defence of the same, during the present War, when called upon by Jiis Majesty to do so, and for the Space of one Callendar Month after the End thereof.’

And every such Person shall be enrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the Militia of such County, Stewartry, or City, as a private Militia Man, during the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End thereof: Provided always, that if any Person so chosen by Ballot shall produce a Substitute able and fit for Service, and who shall be approved by the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, such Substitute, being unmarried, and having no Children born in lawful Wedlock, so produced and approved, shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place and such Substitute shall take the Oath before mentioned; and if any Person so chosen by Ballot, and who shall have been enrolled in the said Militia, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act produce for his Substitute any Person of the Ddscription before mentioned, who shall be approved by the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any tw<5 or more of them, it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer of such Militia to cause such Substitute to be enrolled in lieu of the Person so chosen by Ballot, which Enrolment shall be made in the Manner hereinbefore directed; and upon the Enrolment of such Substitute as aforesaid, the Person so chosen by Ballot shall be entitled to his immediate Discharge. <' m

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act, (not being one of the People called Quakers,) shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the said Oath, and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said Oath, and figti his Consent to serve as his Substitute, every such Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum often Pounds Sterling, and whenever any Ballot shall take place in the same Parish or Place, under the Authority of this A£, be liable to serve again, or provide a Substitute, and in Default of Payment of such Penalty, or for Want of sufficient Effects whereon to levy the same, the Name of such Person shall be entered upon the Roll for which he was ballotted, and shall be compelled to serve, in like Manner as any other Person who should be then ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the same Punishments for afterwards absconding or deferring, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared, and been duly sworn and enrolled as a Militia Man.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Schoolmaster, or such Constables and other Officers in each Parish as are employed in carrying this Act into Execution, shall haye such Allowance for their Trouble as

607

Lieutenant to transmit to the Privy Council a Li(l of the Men returned, to be divided over the Counties by Order in Council:

On Receipt of such Order a Ballot to be had as herein directed.

Deputy Lieutenant to give Notice to the Persons ballotted to attend at a certain Time and Place.

Persons ballotted, or Substitutes, to take the following

Oath,

and to be in-

rolled.

Persons ballotted may find Substitutes, who, (being unmarried,) if approved, shall lx enrolled and sworn.

Persons ballotted, and not appearing, Sec to forfeit 101.; and if not paid, may be compelled to serve.

Allowance to bc made the Officer* who carry

6o8

the Act into Execution.

Inhabitants of a Parish lying in two Counties, to serve in that wherein the Church is situate.

Lifts for two Places may be added together.

Certain Persons exempted from serving.

Regulations respecting Edinburgh and its Liberties.

His Majesty may form the Militia as he shall think expedient.

Deputy Li/u-t nants and Justices may require the Attendance of Constablts, &c. and may comm t or fine them for Neglect of Duty.

C. 103. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of each County or Stewartry shall think reasonable, certifying the same to the Lieutenant of the County, or Deputy Lieutenants of the District.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish shall lie in two or more Counties or Stewartries, the Inhabitants of such Parish shall serve in the Militia of that County or Stewartry wherein the Church belonging to such Parish is situated, and that such Parish shall, for all the Purposes of this Act, he deemed Part of the County or Stewartry.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or

more of them, within their respective Districts, to add together, whenever they shall think necessary, the Lilts for two or more Parishes, and proceed upon such Lists added together in like Manner as if they had been originally returned for one Parish or Place, so as to make the Choice of Militia Men by Ballot, within every such District, as equal and impartial as possible.

XXV. Provided always, That no Person serving as a Commissioned Officer in any Regiment, Troop or Company, in his Majesty's other Forces, or in any Corps of Volunteers raffed by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging and difctpftning such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enrol tkemflves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns± or

Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the pnfent War, and who shall have been duly entered therein, on or before the passing of this Act, or in any one of his Majesty's Castles or Forts, nor any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, or in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps, Troop, or Company whatever, provided he hath been duly entered therein on or before the passing of this Act, and provided he hath punctually attended at all such Times and Places as may have been agreed upon for the Exercise of such Corps, Troop, or Company, nor any of the Professors in any of the four Universities, nor any Minister, Clergyman, or Schoolmaster, nor any Constable or other Peace Officer, nor any Person being and having been, on or before the passing of this Act, an articled Clerk, Apprentice, Seaman, or Seafaring Man, nor any Man having more than two Children born in lawful YVed-lock, shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve, in the Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act; but no Person who has served ih his Majesty's Forces, or in any other Volunteer Corps before mentioned, and hath been discharged, or quitted the same, shall by such Service be exempted from serving, or providing a Substitute to serve, in the Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act, if he iliali be chosen by

Ballot.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That within the City and County of the City of Edinburgh and Liberties thereof, the Lieutenant thereof shall appoint Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns of Militia, whose Number and Rank shall be proportionable to the Number of Militia Men to be raised for the same; and all Powers and Provisions made by this ACT with respect to Counties and Stewartries, and the Modes and Times of summoning and ballotting the Militia thereof, and recording the Qualification of Officers, shall take place and be in force with respect to the said City and its Militia; and the registering of Qualifications, and the Value of the Qualifications of the Officers to serve in such Militia, shall be as follows; every Field Officer shall be either Proprietor or possessed of Houses and other Property, within the said City and Liberties thereof, of the Yearly Value of one hundred Pounds Sterling, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate, or Funds alone, or Proprietor or possessed of Real and Peresonal Estate and Funds together, to the Amount and Value of two thousand Pounds Sterling; and every Captain shall be, in like Manner, Proprietor or possessed of Houses or other Property, within the said City and Liberties thereof, of the Yearly Value of fifty Pounds Sterling, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate, or Funds alone/or Proprietor or possessed of Real and Personal Estate and Funds together, to the Amount or Value of one thousand Pounds Sterling; and every Subaltern {hail, in like Manner, be Proprietor or possessed of Houses or other Property, within the said City and Liberties thereof, of the Yearly Value of fifteen Pounds Sterling, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate, or Funds ^lone, or Proprietor or possessed of Real and Personal Estate and Funds together, to the Amount or Value of three hundred Pounds Sterling: Saving always and reserving to the Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, all Rights, Immunities, Privileges, and Exemptions, of which the said College may have been and Hill are in the lawful Possession, and the Benefit of any Actor A*dt$

of Parliament passed heretofore in their Favour. fti: "T4WMj

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to form the said Militia into such Regiments and Battalions, and to join such Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and other Places, together for that Purpose, as he shall think expedient, and in the Manner best adapted for the Defence of the United Kingdom, and to be commanded by such Officers as his Majesty shall think fit to appoint, qualified as hereinbefore directed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace within any Subdivision or District, or any two or more of them, one Deputy Lieutenant being one, from Time to Time to issue their Order or Warrant under their Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of the Constable, Borough Officer, or other Officer of any Parish or Place, within such Subdivision or District, at such Time and Place as in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed; and if any such Constable, Borough Officer, or other Officer, shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or War-, rant, or shall refuse or neglect to return any such List as before directed, or to comply with such Order or Directions as he shall from Time to Time receive from the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, or any two or more of them, in pursuance of this Act, a Deputy Lieutenant always being one or

8 shall.

1797

tricesimo sept

C. 103.

shall, in making such Return, be guilty of any Fraud, or wilful Partiality, or gross Neglectt in his Duty, the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to commit the Person so offending to the Common Gaol, there to be kept for the Space of one Calendar Month, or, at their Discretion, to fine such Person in any Sum not exceeding five Pounds Sterling, nor less than forty Shillings Sterling.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding of this Act, if the Lieutenant, or any three De-

puty Lieutenants, of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall, within the Space of thirty Days from and after the first General Meeting appointed to be held under this Act, make a Return of a certain Number of able and sufficient Men, and out of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, who are willing voluntarily to engage to serve together in a Company or Companies, Regiment, Battalion, or other Corps, under Officers appointed from such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, during the present War, and in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland only, then and in that Case such Volunteers shall be accepted in full or in Part of such Quota as would otherwise by this Act be imposed on such County, Stewartry, City, or Place.,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, shall be liable to such Service although he may have removed from the Place where his Name was inserted in the Lift, provided he was residing in such Place at the Time when the Lift was, according to the Directions of this Act, prepared and every Person liable to serve in the Militia, having more than one Place of Residence, shall serve for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place where his Name shall have been first inserted in such List as aforesaid; and the Clerk to the Subdivision or Districfc Meeting, to which such List shall be returned, shall, if such Person requires the same, grant a Certificate, gratis, under his Hand, that such Person’s Name was inserted in such List, and spe'cifying the Time when such List was made and returned. '

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being one of the People called Quakers, shall be chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, and shall refuse or neglect to appear, and to take the Oath aforesaid, and to serve in the said Militia, or to provide a Substitute, to be approved of as aforesaid, who shall take the said Gath, and subscribe his Consent to serve as the Substitute of such Quaker, then, and in every such Case, any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, shall, upon as reasonable Terms as may be, provide and hire a fit Person who shall take the said Oath, and subscribe his Consent to serve in the said Militia as the Substitute of such Quaker; and any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy

v I T ^ 1 T. §

Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any ustices of the Peace, are hereby empowered and required to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Quaker, by Warrant under the Hands of any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two

Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any Deputy Lieutenant together with two Justices of the Peace, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary to defray the Rxpences of providing and hiring such Person to serve in the Militia during the War, and for one Calendar Month thereafter, as the Substitute of such Quaker so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Quaker upon whom such Distress shall have been made as aforesaid; and in case any Measures shall be used in making such Distress as aforesaid, which may be by any such Quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such Quaker to complain thereof to the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace at their next Meeting, who are hereby empowered and required to hear and finally determine the same.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a Militia Man, and any Dispute shall arise between his Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, and such Servant, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant for or on Account of his Service performed before the Time of such Swearing and Enrolment, or to such Time as, under the Condition of the said Swearing and Enrolment, he shall be obliged to quit the Service of his said Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, by being called out to join the Militia in which he shall have been so sworn or enrolled, it shall and may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof, within three Months from the Time of quitting the said Service, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place where such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching the lame, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant, in Proportion to the Service he has performed, as to such justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the Sum in Question do not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling; and in case of Refusal or Non-payment of any Sum so Ordered, by the Space of twenty-one Days next after such Determination, such Justice shall and may issue forth his and their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the

Charges of such Pistress and Sale

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall receive Money from any other Person to serve as his Substitute in the Militia, and shall neglect to appear at the Meeting appointed as aforesaid for swearing the Militia Men, or before some one Deputy Lieutenant, in order to be sworn according to the Directions of this Act, every such Person so neglecting to appear and be sworn, such Neglect being proven before any two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, by the Oath of one credible Witness, shall be obliged to return the Money to the Person or Persons from whom he received

37 Geo. III., 4 K it,

609

Volunteers may be accepted as the Quota of a 2 County.

Persons ballotted must serve, though they remove from the Places for which chosen, tec.

Substitutes may be provided for Quakers, and the Expence levied by Distress.

Quakers thinking themselves. oppressed may appeal.

Justices may determine Disputes between Servants enrolled as Militia Men and their Employers, respecting Wages.

Snbftimtes who do rot appear tt> be sworn,'to return the Bounty Money, and forfeit not exceeding 20s. or be committed.

6io C. 103. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

fnlifting of a Militia Man into his Majesty's other Forces to be void.

Penalty on Men so offering to in-lift.dcnying that they are Militia Men, &c.

Penalty on Persons knowingly jnlifting Militia Men into other Regiments, and 011 Soldiers offering to serve as Substitutes in the Militia.

Penalty on Persons ordering Sc«jcants, &c. of the Militia, to beat up for Volunteers;

and on the Serjeants, &c. for refuting to declare who gave them Orders.

it, and shall also forfeit and pay to such Person or Persons any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings Sterling, at the Discretion of the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace aforesaid; and if such Offender shall not immediately return the Money so by him received as aforesaid, and likewise pay the said Penalty, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, until the said Sum shall be returned. .;. B

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, shall at any Time wilfully and knowingly inlist any Man to serve in his Majesty's other Forces, who at the Time of such inlisting shall be called out and serving in the Militia, embodied and incorporated as aforesaid by his Majesty's Order, every such inlisting shall be deemed null and void; and in case any Militia Man, at the Time of offering to inlist as aforesaid, shall deny to the Officer or Serjeant, or other Person recruiting for Men to inlist and serve in his Majesty's other Forces, that he is at the Time of his offering to inlist a Militia Man then actually called out and serving in the Militia embodied and incorporated as aforesaid, (which the said Officer, Serjeant, or other Person is hereby required to ask every Man offering to inlist in his Majesty's other Forces,) or shall offer himself to be enrolled and serve in any other Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, every Militia Man so offending shall, on Conviction thereof, upon the Oath of one Witness, before any one Justice of the Peace, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without nail, for and during any Time not exceeding six Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable; and every Person so offending, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, shall belong as a Soldier to such Corps of his Majesty's other Forces into which he shall have been so inlisted; and if any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person shall inlist any Man belonging to the Militia to serve in his Majesty's other Forces, knowing him to belong to the Militia, every such Officer, Serjeant, or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling; and if any Person actually serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, shall offer himself to serve and be enrolled as a Substitute in the Militia, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, to the Person informing of such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, or be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Months. g # ‘, i tt -7%

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall give Orders to any Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person serving in the Militia, to beat up in any City, Town, or other Place, for Volunteers to serve in the Militia, the Person who shall give such Orders shall, upon Proof thereof, and upon such beating up as aforesaid, upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling, one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of the Person who shall make Information thereof before any Justice of the Peace; and if such Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person shall refuse to declare upon Oath before such Justice from whom he received such Orders, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person, to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Months.

Copies of Rolls, tigned at District Meetings, tobetranfinitted to the Clerk of 'WR the General Meeting

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all §ubdivision or District Meetings shall, within fourteen Days after every S_ubdivision or District Meeting, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, fair and true Copies of such Rolls as shall be signed at such Meeting.

Application of Penalties for refuting to serve.

County Lieutenants, ike. tiuy aclrur.iitcr

Oaths.

The Militia,

when, futiicient, to be fortfed into Regiments <u Cat tali on s.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising by Penalties incurred for refusing to serve in the Militia, or to find Substitutes to serve in their Room, shall be applied, by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, within their respective Subdivision or Districts, in providing Substitutes for the Persons who shall have paid such Penalties, which Substitutes shall be sworn in and enrolled to serve for the same Term, and on the same Conditions as is hereinbefore provided in the Case of Substitutes provided by Persons chosen by Ballot; and if any Surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments, Battalions, or Independent Companies, in which such Persons ought to have served as Militia Men, and be applied as Part of the Regimental Stock.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases, in the Execution of this Act, when any Matter or Thing isdireded to be inquired of or examined into upon the Oath of any Witness or Witnessls, before any Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, any such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are hereby authorized to administer such Oath to any Witness or Witnesses; and all other Oaths to be taken in pursuance of this Act shall and may be respectively administered by any

Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenant.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, where the Number of Men is sufficient, the Militia shall be formed into Regiments confiding of not more than twelve, nor less than eight Companies, of eighty private Men to a Company at the moll, *id sixty private Men at the lead; and the Field Officers of such Regiments shall be as follows; (that is to say,) one Colonel one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major; and where the Number of Militia Men shall amount to a Number under eight, and not less than five Companies, such Militia shall be formed into a Battalion, and the Field Officers of such Battalion shall be one Lieutenant Colonel and one Major only; and where the Number of private Men shall amount to any Number under five, and not less than three Companies, such Militia

6x1

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103.

shall be formed into a Battalion with one Lieutenant Colonel or Major, and no other Field Officer; and in each Regiment or Battalion of Militia there shall be one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign to each Company: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for every Battalion, confuting of five Companies or upward, to have one Company of Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which two Lieutenants shall be appointed instead of one Lieutenant and one Ensign; and it shall be lawful for every Regiment, confiding of eight Companies or upward, to have one Company of Grenadiers and one Company of Light Infantry; to each of which Companies two Lieutenants shall be appointed indead of one Lieutenant and

one Ensign.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, where the Number of Militia Men shall not be sufficient to form a Regiment or Battalion, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, «the Militia of such Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, shall be formed into Independent Companies, each Company to consist of eighty private Men at the mod, and sixty private Men at the lead, with one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign, to each Company; and that his Majesty may, whenever he thinks proper, join together any Number of such Independent Companies, and form a Battalion or Battalions, or may incorporate them with any other Regiment or Battalion of Militia, provided the Number of Companies in any such Regiment or Battalion be not thereby made to exceed the Number of Companies of which a Regiment or Battalion of Militia is hereinbefore directed to confid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to act as Colonel or commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, for and durwig such Time as there shall not be any Colonel or Commanding Officer appointed to such Regiment, Battalion* or Independent Company; but no such Lieutenant shall at any one Time act as Colonel or Commanding Officer to more than one Body of Militia, whether Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company; and where the Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall take the Command of any Body of Militia, not being by this Act deemed a Regiment, he shall be entitled to the Rank of Colonel, except when the said Company shall he formed into Battalion as aforesaid, but shall receive no greater Pay than the proper Commanding Officer of such Body would be entitled to.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That when any Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall be absent from Great Britain, all the Powers by this Act given to such Colonel or other Commanding Officer shall be veiled in, and lawfully may be exercised by, the next Officer in Command in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, who shall be residing within Great Britain, until such Colonel or other Commanding Officer shall be returned to Great Britain, and shall have notified his Arrival to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company belongs, and the Clerk of the Peace is hereby required forthwith, upon Receipt of such Notification, to transmit an Account thereof to the Officer who shall have been next in Command as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters, and Things, done by such Officer next in Command as aforesaid, in exercising the Powers given by this Act to Colonels and other Commanding Officers, shall be good and valid in the Law equally as if they had been done by the Colonel or Commanding Officer himself. # u

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia incorporated as aforesaid, shall appoint the Adjutant, who shall have served, or shall at the Time of such Appointment actually serve, in some of his Majesty's other Forces, and who, during his Service in the said Militia, shall preserve his Rank in the Army in the same Manner as if he had continued in that

Service.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may and shall appoint, according to the Proportion of one Serjeant to twenty private Men, two or more proper Persons to be Serjeants to every Company in the said Militia, out of and from his Majesty's other Forces, such Persons having served in the said Forces for the Space of three Years next preceding their Appointment to be Serjeants as aforesaid, or may appoint such other Persons to be Serjeants as aforesaid, as have formerly served (or the Space of three Years in his Majesty's said Forces; and the Service in the Militia of such Persons so appointed out of his Majesty's said Forces shall entitle them to the Benefit of CheJ/ea Hospital, in the same Manner as if they had continued to serve in the said Forces; and every Person appointed to be a Serjeant as aforesaid, out of the Pensioners on the Establishment of Cheffea Hospital, shall be entitled to be put again upon the said Establishment, after he shall he discharged from the Service of the Militia, provided he brings a Certificate of his good Behaviour, under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion »*v which he shall have served as aforesaid.

XLV. Ai.u be it further enacted, That the Captain of every Company of Militia may and shall appoint two Persons to be Drummers to his Company, and may and shall appoint Corporals out of the private Men of his Company, in the Proportion of one Corporal to twenty private Men, and may displace such Drummers and Corporals respectively for Misbehaviour, and appoint others in their Room, from Time to Time, as he shall see Occasion, and may and shall appoint, with the Approbation of his Majesty's Lieutenant, Serjeants out of the private Men of his Company, to fill up the Vacancies of Serjeants as may happen Ujcreinj and every such Appointment shall be deemed an atlual Discharge of the Person so appointed from

+K z serving

and where not* into Independ tnt Companies f which his Majesty may (orm into a B.ittahon, or incorporate them with other Regiments.

County Lieute--iiants may a# as Commanding Officers of Regiments, &c.

The fetiior Officer to be in verted with the Powers of the Colonel during his Absence from Great Britain.

Adjutants to be appointed, who have ftrved, or shall serve, in the Army, and who shall preserve their Rank.

His Majesty may appoint Serjeants from the Army or Chclira Hospital.

The Captain. may appoint Drummers and Corpirais to hie Company, and, with the Appio-bation of the County Lieutenant, may til up

6-12

the Vacancies of Serjeants, 8ec.

No Publican to be a Serjeant.

Half Pay Officers fcrv!n£ as Subaltern, &c. tnay receive their Halt Pay on taking the following

Oath.

Serjeants of Chelsea Hospital may receive their Allowance with their Pay.

What Service in the Militia Ihnil ert tle to a Recommendation to the Chelsea Petition. -

The Militia to be billetted, and Carriages provided on their March as for the Regular and Tencible Forces.

Tf a Militia Man desert and docs not return, or is not taken in three Months, another to be ballotted for.

If such Oetirttr returns, or is taken, he shall serve though another be bal-lotced.

Mulkrts to be marked.

Penalty on Militia Men f r felling, fee*

Arm ., Cloaths, or Accoutrements.

Penalty for buying, tec. Arms, Cloat.is, or Acquirements.

C. 103. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

serving in the Militia as a private Militia Man; and that it shall be lawful for the Colonel, or, in his Absence, for the Commanding Officer of any Battalion of Militia, to displace, upon the Application of the Captain, any Person so appointed a Serjeant out of the private Militia Men.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall keep any House of public Entertainment, cr who shall fell any Ale, Wine, Brandy, or ether Spirituous, Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of being or continuing a Serjeant in the Militia.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half Pay, during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Battalion Cleric, Paymaster, Quartermaster, or Surgeon, in any Regintent, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, biit that the same shall nevertheless continue, and instead of the Oath directed by the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, to be taken by such Officer, he shall lake the following Oath: r v-

4B /

4 J J. B. do swear, That I had not, between the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or

4 Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced in

late Regiment of save and except my Pay as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Battalion Clerk,

Paymaster, Quartermaster, or Surgeon, [as the Case may be,] for serving in a Regiment of Militia.*

And the taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be Efficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay. 'f '* [i- i it jU

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person being a Serjeant on the Establishment of Chelsea Hospital, at the Allowance of Twelve-pence a Day, and being appointed to serve in the Militia, shall and may receive the said Allowance of Twelve pence a Day, together with his Pay from the said Militia; and any Person who shall have faithfully served as a Serjeant in the Militia for fifteen Years, or as a Corporal or Drummer for twenty Years, and who shall be discharged on Account of Age or Infirmity, shall, on the Recommendation of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to which he belongs, and the Lieutenant, and two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place to which the said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company belongs, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant, by the Commanding Officer and three or more Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, be entitled to Examination at the Chelsea Board, and be capable to be placed on the Pension of Five-pence per Day, if the said Board shall judge him deserving thereof: Provided that no Person who shall be appointed a Serjeant in the Militia after the passing of this Act, shall be entitled to such Recompence, until he shall have served in the Militia, or in the Army and Militia, for twenty Years.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Justices of the Peace, Provost, or other Chief Magistrate of Towns, and all other Officers having Jurisdiction in such Matters, and they are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and private Men serving in the Militia, and whiHI they shall continue to be embodied, in the same Way and Manner as his Majesty's Regular and Fencible Forces are in use to be bdletted and quartered in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and shall likewise be provided with Carriages on their March in the same Manner as the said Regular and Fencible Forces are at present so furnished and provided in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and all Justices of the Peace and other Magistrates are hereby required to be assisting the rein, in the same Way and Manner as they are now in u(e to assisi: in providing Carriages and Horses for his Majesty's Forces upon their March.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man shall desert, or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return or be taken within the Space of three Months from the une of his fodeferting or ab-lenting himself, then, upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to the Deputy Lieutenants, at any of their Meetings for the Subdivision or District for which such Militia Man was enrolled, such Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby required to hold a Subdivision or District Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to serve and be returned to such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, in the Room of every such Militia Man; and in case such Militia Man shall at any Time return or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall have been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same Manner, and for the same Term, as if no Person had been so chosen in his Room. W

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Muskets delivered for the Service of the Militia shall be marked distinctly, in some visible Place, -with the Letter (M), and the Name of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to which they belong; and in case any Militia Man shall fell, pawn, or lose, any of his Arms, Cloaths, or Accoutrements, or neglect or refute to return the same in good Order to the Captain, or to the Person appointed to receive the same, every such Militia Man shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding three Pounds Sterling; and if such Militia Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the House of Correction (or any Time not exceeding three Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and willingly buy, take in exchange, conceal, or otherwise receive any Anns, Cloaths, or Accoutrements, belonging unto any Militia Man, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds Sterling; and if such Offender

11 shall

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103.

fhai’ not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Good? or Effects whereon to levy such Penalty, the justice before whom he shall be convicted, shall commit him to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail, for the Space ol three Months, or shall cause such Offender to be publicly whipped at the DPcretion of such Justice. - r

LIII. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant or Corporal of the Militia may, by Sentence of a

Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a Private Soldier of the Militia, to serve as such durin^ the War. ®

LIV .-And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order in Council, to embody an- call out the said lix thousand Men, and put them under the Command of such General Officers as he shall be pleased to appoint over them; and to direct them to be led by their respective Officers into any Parts of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the preventing and repelling any Invasion, and for the Sup-

613

Militia not to be ordered out

of Scotland.

Non-commissioned Officers and Privates, (wounded in Service,) en-tilled to Cludfea Pension,

married, may set up in any Part of Great Britain*

General Officers; and during such Time as aforesaid, all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be in force with respect to the Militia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Militia, in all Cases whatsoever.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole, or any Part of the Militia directe 1 by this Act to be raised and maintained, shall on any Account be carried or ordered to go out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

LV1. And be it enacted, That if any Non-commissioned Officer of the Militia, or private Militia Man, shall be maimed or Wounded in adiual Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital with any Non commissioned Officer or private Soldier belonging to his Majesty's other Forces; and that every such Person, having served in the Militia when called out into actual Service, and being a married Man, may set up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, without any Molestation for or by reason of the using such Trade, in like Manner as any Person who has served in his Majesty's Navy, or as a Soldier in his regular Land Forces, may do *—

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Stewartry, City, and Place, or on the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence from his County, Stewartry, City, or Place, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any such Order as aforesaid from his Majesty shall be directed, shall issue his or their Order to the Chief Constable of the several Divisions or Districts, with Directions to forward the same immediately to the Constables or other Officers of the several Parishes and Places within their respective Divisions and Districts, and such Constables or other Officers are hereby required, upon Receipt hereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Militia Men, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective Parishes or Places, to attend at the Lime and Place mentioned in such Order; and if any Militia Men so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, every such Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Ad which shall be then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and if any Peri'on shall harbour and conceal any Militia Man, when ordered out into actual Service, knowing him to be a Militia' Man, every such Person (lull, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds Sterling.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia Men shall be drawn out and embodied for actual Service, and incorporated by Command of his Majesty as aforesaid into a Regiment, Battalion, or other Corps, and during the Time they shall continue so embodied and incorporated, the Colonel, or, where there is no Colonel, the Co r.manding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, so embodied or incorporated as aforesaid, shall and may appoint an Agent to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and shall take Security

, and, where there is no Colonel, the Commanding Officer, shall be

Serjeants or Corporals may bt reduced to Privates.

His Majesty may order the Militia to be embodied, and put under the Command of General Officer, and led into any Part of Scotland for preventing In. vafion, &c.

County Lieutenant to iflu© Orders to the Chief Constable for the Attendance of Militia Men.

from such Agent; and such Colonel and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all Deficiencies that may happen from the said Agent, or from himself, upon Account of the Pay, Cloathing, or public Stock of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall be ordered out into actual Service, the Collector of the Ccfs for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay, to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of Militia so ordered out, the Sum of one Guinea for the Use of every private Militia Man belonging to his Company; and the said Collector of the Eels shall also pay to every Captain and Commanding Officer of a Company as aforesaid, the Sum of one Guinea for every Recruit, as early as may be after such Recruit shall have joined his Company, while out in adiual Service as aforesaid; all which Money so paid by the said Collector of the Cess shall be allowed to him in his Account; and the Money so received by any Captain or other Commanding Officer (or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper) shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think mod advantageous for the respective Militia Men; and such Captain and Commanding Officer shall, before any Militia Man of his Company receives his Discharge, account to such Militia Man how the said Sum of one Guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall pay the Remainder of the Money, if any, to the said Militia Man.

Men not attending may be apprehended as Deserters.

Penalty for harbouring Militia Men.

Colonel to appoint an Agent when the M/Ji-tia is embodied, for whom he is to be respon-liLie.

When the Militia is ordered out, the Collector of the Cess to pay a Guinea for the Cfe of each Man to his captain, to be laid out for hib Use.

LX. And,

6*4 C. 103. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

From the Day of assembling: the Militia, the Officers and: Privates entitled tc the same Pay as the other Forces.

Recovery and Application of Penalties, not particularly (.rovided for*

Persons committed to Gaol to be kept to hard Labour,

LX. And be it further eroded, That from the Day appointed by the Lieutenant of every Count?, Stewartry, City, or Place, cr on the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence trom hi! County, 'Stewartry, City, or Place,[by any three or more Deputy Lieutenants for theassembling of the lMilitii as aforesaid, in pursuance of his Majesty's Orders in Council, the Officers and private Men of the Militu shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and private Men of his Majesty's other Regiments of foot receive, and no other.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, the Manner of Recovery whereof is not in this Act particularly provided for, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Efteds, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice, rendering the Overplus, if any, on Demand, alter deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Offender upon whom such Distress shall have been made; and where the Goods and Effects of such Offender shall not be sufficient to answer such Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months; and all F ines. Penalties, and F ur-.feitures, by this Act imposed, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly provided for, shall be paid to the Clerk of the Regiment, Battalion, or other Bodies of Militia, or, where there is no Clerk, the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or other Bodies of Militia, of the respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, and shall be made a common Stock in each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, wherein the same shall so arise, and the said Clerk shall give a particular Account thereof, as ic shall arise, to any three Deputy Lieutenants, or to any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or to any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any one Justice of the Peace, at their next Meeting within their several Subdivisions; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, shall cause Butts to be erected in some convenient Place or Places, and shall direct the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to buy and provide, with some Part of the Money so arising, a proper Quantity of Gunpowder and Ball, to be used at proper Limes by the Militia Men in (hooting at Marks, and to apply and dispose of such other Part of the Money aforesaid, as they shall think reasonable, in some Prize or Prizes, to be given to such Militia Man or Men as shall by the Commanding Officer then present be adjudged to be the best Marksman or Markfmcn, and to apply the Residue thereof to other Contingencies relating to the Militia within such Division or District; and that in all Cases when any Person shall be committed to the County Gaol by virtue of this Act, he shall, during the Time of such Commitment, be kept to hard Labour in such County Gaolt or be fed upon Bread and Water.

No Order of his Majesty *s Lieutenants, &c. to be delayed by Advocation.

On Death of Lieutenant, his

Deputies to

act.

Limitation of

[Treble Costs.]

His Majesty in Council may suspend the Execution of

this Act.

Continuance of

Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by any of his Majesty's Lieutenants, or by any one or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice dt the Peace, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be delayed or set alide by Advocation or Suspenfioii.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Death of any of his Majesty's Lieutenants, his Deputy Lieutenants shall continue to ad and exercise all the Authorities by this Act committed to them, until his Majesty shall have appointed another Lieutenant, and until Commissions of Deputy Lieutenancy shall be by him issued.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any T hing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, did arise, and notelfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suts, to be brought, may deny the Libel, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought after the Time for bringing the same, or if the Defendant or Defendants shall be afloilzied in such Action or Actions, or if the Pursuer or Pursuers shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, after the Defendant shall have appeared, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases to recover Costs by the Laws of Scotland. w. c

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order in Council, to suspend the Execution of this Act, either absolutely, or for any limited Time, and so from Time to Time as his Majesty shall fee Occasion, and to order and direct that all Proceedings in the further Execution of this Act shall cease, either absolutely, or during such Time as in any such Order in Council shall be limited for that Purpose, and thereupon all such further Proceedings shall cease accordingly; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in Force during the pvferit War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End thereof.

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 104.

615.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the

Coast: of Africa.

[19th July 1797.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, for a limited Time be it therefore enacted, be.

No Vessel clearing out from Great Britain, to carry Slaves from Africa in greater Numbers than herein specified. Vessels to be deemed of the Tonnage set forth in their Certificates of Registry. Masters of Vessels to forfeit 30l. for every Slave exceeding the limited Number. If more than Two-fifths of the 41 Slaves be Children, five of the Surplus to be deemed equal to four Slaves, be. Masters of Vessels, before they land any Slaves in the West Indies, to give in a written Declaration to the Officer of the Customs of-4< the Burthen of the Vessel, be.; and if they land Slaves contrary hereto, to forfeit 500l. Officers of the 4‘ Customs to take an Account of the Slaves on Board such Vessels, be. on Penalty of 500l. Where there is no Officer of the Customs, any Civil Officer to receive the Declaration of the Master, be. Penalty on 4< making false Declaration. No Vessel to carry any Slaves, unless entered for that Purpose at clearing out,

nor unless the Surgeon give Bond to keep a Journal of the Slaves during the Voyage Journal is to be 44 delivered to the Officer of the Customs, at the first BritiJ)) Port of Arrival, be. Officer to deliver to the Master a Copy of his Declaration, and to the Surgeon a Copy of his Journal, and transmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of the Customs. Mailers or Surgeons acting contrary hereto to forfeit 100l. If

Penalty on Mailers be not paid within fourteen Days, their Vessels may be seized and fold. On Arrival

45 of Vessels in America or the West Indies, the Owners to give Bond for Payment of Penalties. Vessels " not to be admitted to Entry till Bond is given. Suits to be commenced within one Month. Penalties may be sued for in any Court of Vice Admiralty in America, or the IVtfl Indies, where the Offence shall have been committed, or Cargo disposed of, or in Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Ex-u chequer at Edinburgh. The upper and lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, to be allotted to the Slaves. If any Person take the Command of a Vessel, who is not qualified as herein directed, he, and also the Owner, shall forfeit 500l. 1'ormer Acts recited, and nothing therein to make void Insurances made in the same general Terms as other Insurances; but under them no Damages shall be recoverable in certain cases. No Vessel to be cleared out that has not a Surgeon who has passed his Examination, be.

If the Officer at the Port of Discharge shall be satisfied that there have not died on the Voyage more than. «< two Slaves in the hundred, he is to give Certificates to the Master and Surgeon; and on Production. 44 thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs, they are to order the Mailer too/, and the Surgeon 50l.

Like Certificates to be given where the Mortality has not been more than three in the hundred, which are toentitle the Mallei to 50l. and the Surgeon U) 25l. Before any Vessel is cleared Outwards, the Mailer, 44 Officers, and Manners, to execute Articles of Agreement in the forms annexed to the Act; and no other Form to be used on Penalty of 50l. Muller Roil to be regularly kept and delivered on Penalty of loo/. 44 and six Months Imprisonment. No Officer, be. to be turned over or discharged, but under the Cir-14 cumstances herein mentioned. No Slops, be. to be i'upplied beyond One fourth of the Monthly Wages. Regulations with regard to Officers, &c. behaving in a riotous, (editions, or mutinous Manner. 44 Malter to cause a printed Abstract of this Act, be. to be hung up in the moll public Place in his Vessel, 44 on Penalty of 20l. If mutinous Officers, be. be taken into Custody, in Africa or the West Indies, a 44 Statement, upon Oath, to be lodged with the Governor, be. and if the Witnesses do not appear at the 44 Trial, they shall incur a Penalty. Officers, be. to continue in Pay till the Vessel is cleared Inwards.

Wage’s of Rjjn Men to go to Greenwich Hhospital &c. Where Offences may be tried, and Penalties sued for. Limitation of Actions. Delivery of Writs on Board Vessels to be deemed legal Service.

Persons taking false Oaths to incur the Pains of Perjury, be. This Act to continue in force till

August 1, 1798." -

XXV. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

and which was afterwards continued by several subsequent Acts passed in the thirty-third, thirty-fourth,

and thirty-fifth Years of his said present Majesty's Reign, it was enacted, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall not be lawful, for any Person to be- come a Master, or take or have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, at the Time he shall dear out from any Port of Great Britain for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa,.

« unless such Master or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall have made Oath, and delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port where such Ship or Vtssd shall clear out, a Certificate, attested by the respective Owner or Owners, that be has already served irx such Capacity during one Voyage, or shall have served as Chief Mate or Surgeon. 4 during the Whole of two Voyages, or either as Chief or other Mate during three Voyages, in purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coail of Africa, under Pain that such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and atlo the Owner or Owners who shall hire or em- p'oy such Person, shall, for every such Offence, rftpedhvely forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred; 4 Pounds; And whereas Doubts have ariten respecting the Construction of the abovementioned Clause*. 4 whether the Certificate thereby required to be delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs should be attested by the respective Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel wherein the Person

[See Stats.

29 Geo. 3. C. 66. 3o Geo. 3. c. 33. 31 Geo. 3. c. 54, 31 Geo. 3. c. 52. 350*0.3. c. 90.J J

Clause in former Acts respecting the Certificates of Qualification required to be ». given by Maf* tcis, recited.*

Doubts ^ri/inar

by whom Cciti-ficatas to be a I-1: teftcU.

Policies of Insurance made before the pairing of this Act, not to be void by reason of Certificates given under recited ActJr,

Sec.

Additional Duties to b« paid on inhabited Houses.

Houses rated for less than 7 Windows, is.

Cap. 59.

For 7 Windows, is.

f Cap. 38.

For 8,— 2$. 6d

Tor 9,- .3s.

For 10,« -4s.

For u,« 6d. -4s.

For 12,« 6d. —5s*

For 13, 6d. —6s.

For 14,-6d. -75.

For 15,—9

0.104,105. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

c or Persons then about to take the Command of the Ship or Vessel required to be cleared out, had formerly failed in some or one of the Capacities by the said Act specified and required, or by the respective Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel in which such Person or Persons was or were then about to (ail as the Matter or Commander thereof, as believing the Fadts stated in the Affidavit of such Person or Persons then about to have or take the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, to be true: And whereas, in consequence of such Doubts, the Collectors or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Ports of London and Liverpooldoubting the Meaning and Construction of the said Acts, have required and taken Certificates attested in both the Ways before mentioned, and cleared out Ships or Vessels under each Form of Certificate, in consequence of which great Inconveniences have arisen, and Doubts have been made touching the Legality of the Policies of insurance made upon such Ships or Vessels ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said former Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned, or in any of them contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, impeach, invalidate, or make void, any Policy or Policies of insurance which shall have been made before the passing of this Act, by reason or in consequence of any Certificate or Certificates which have been required and given in order to the clearing out any Ship or Vessel, employed in the Slave Trade, to the Coast of Africa, by the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel then about to clear out and to fail, or by the Owner or Owners of some other Ship or Vessel in whose Employ the Person then about to fail had been formerly employed and failed, or to inflidi any Penalty or Penalties upon the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel.

Cap. cv.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on inhabited Houses.

[19th 1797.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament 4 yVr assembled, towards raisin;

making an Addition to the Pu 4 your Majesty the Duties herein after x be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, the several and respective additional Rates and Duties upon all inhabited Houses, as herein after mentioned; (that is to say,), /; !f

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having less than seven Windows or Lights, and which is or shall be subject to the Duty upon inhabited Houses, granted by an Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign4;, the yearly Sum of one

Shilling:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having seven Windows or Lights, or which is or ought to be rated under the Authority of an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty f, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, the yearly Sum of two Shillings: t

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having eight Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the said last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence: m '

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain. having nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of three Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, witi$in the Kingdom of Great Britain, having ten Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of four Shillings: V

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having eleven Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of four Shillings and Sixpence:.

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having twelve Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the

yearly Sum of five Shillings and Sixpence: k uSiDiSSj

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having thirteen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of six Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; having fourteen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of seven Shillings and Sixpence: '

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having fifteen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of nine Shillings: ‘‘ *iiH I

For

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 105.

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having sixteen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of ten Shillings:- For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having seventeen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of eleven Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having eighteen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of twelve Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having nineteen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of thirteen Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of fifteen Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, with:n the Kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty-one Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of sixteen Shillings: -

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty-two Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of seventeen Shillings: - ‘

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty-three Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of eighteen Shillings and Sixpence: '

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty-four Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of one Pound and one Shilling:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty-five Windows or Lights and not more than twenty-nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of one Pound and three Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having thirty Windows or Lights and not more than thirty-four Windows or Lights, which is or

617

For i6,« —ios*

For 17,-6d. A —IIS.

For i8,« 6d. —12s.

For 19,-6d. —13s.

For ao,- -I$s.

For ai,- -16s.

For 22,- —17s.

For 23,-Gd. -18 s.

For 24,- -iL

igs_

:1C

of Great

__________#, igdom of Great Britain, having thirty-five Windows or Lights and not more than thirty-nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of one Pound ten Shillings and Sixpence: For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having forty Windows or Lights and not more than forty-four Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of one Pound and fifteen Shillings For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdon Britain, having forty-five Windows or Lights and not more than forty-nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of two Pounds:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having fifty Windows or Lights and not moie than fifty-four Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of two Pounds and five Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having fifty-hve Windows or Lights and not more than fifty-nine Windows or Lights, which is or

ought to be rated under the lait-mentionea act, the yearly oum or two rounas and ten omuings.

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain% having sixty Windows or Lights and not more than sixty-four Windows or Lights, which is or

ou

fnt to De raiea under uic laii-mentioned rvci* ujc ycaiiy ou»u ui iwui uumo

or every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereatter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having sixty-five Windows or Lights and not more than sixty-nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of three Pounds:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having seventy Windows or Lights and not more than seventy-four Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of three Pounds and five Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having seventy-five Windows or Lights and not more than seventy-nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of three Pounds and ten

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having eighty Windows or Lights and not more than eighty-four Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of three Pounds and fifteen Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having eighty-five Windows or Lights and not more than eighty-nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of four Pounds:

37 Geo. III. - > 4^ -

1$.

For 25, and not more than 29, — il. 3s.

For 30, and not more than 34, —il. 6s. 6d.

For 35, and not more than 39, *11. ios. 6d«

For 40, and not more than 44, —il. ‘i 5®*

For 45, and not more than 49, —*1.

For 50, and not

more than 54, —2l. 5s.

For 5 5, and not more than 59,

—2l. 10s.

For 60, and not more than 64,

—ai. 15s.

For 65, and not more than 69*

-ii-

For 70, and not more than 74, -—3I 51.

For 75, and not more than 79,

—3l. 10s.

For 80, and not more than 84,

- 3l. 15s.

For 8 5, and not more than 89, -41.

6i8

W pa. —

C. 105. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

For 90, and not more than 94, —4l. 5s.

For 95, and not more than 99, —4l. ios.

For 100, and net more than 109,-51.

For 110, and not more than 119,

—5l. JOS.

For i2o, and not more than 129, —61.

For 130, and not more than 139, ►—61. ios.

For 140, and not more than 149,

—71*

For 150, and not more than 159, —7l. ios.

For 160, and not more than 169, r—SI. 5s.

For 170, and not more than 179,

For 180, and upwards,—1 oL

Duties tobepaid in Addition to those now payable on Houses.

Duties to be liable to Addition ofaoL per Cent, on the Amount.

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to put this Act in Execution.

Mode of making the Assessments

of 2d per Cent.

ery LJwemng House inhabited, or wnion nerearter man De innamtea, wunm me ivmguum yi yyreai having ninety Windows or Lights and not more than ninety-four Windows or Lights, which is or he rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of four Pounds and five Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

P tit* 1 ¥ 1. ___ _1_____ aL___ _!_a. C__\ X7J .* T

hr it ain>

ought to__________.

r or every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having ninety-five Windows or Lights and not more than ninety-nine W indows or Lights, which, is or ought to be rated under the last- mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of four Pounds and ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred Windows or Lights and not more than orre hundred and nine indows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of five Pounds:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and ten Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred and nineteen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of five

Pounds and ten Shillings: .

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and twenty Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred and twenty-

nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of

six Pounds: *

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and thirty Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred and thirty-nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of six Pounds and ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and forty Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred and forty-nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of seven

Pounds: ..

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdpm of Great Britain, having one hundred and fifty Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred and fifty-nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of seven

Pounds and ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and sixty Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred and sixty-nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of eight

Pounds and five Shillings: 4 # #, J

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and seventy Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred and seventy-nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of

nine Pounds? # \

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and eighty Windows or Lights and upwards, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of ten Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed, shall be paid over and above, and in Addition to, the respective Rates and Duties on Houses, granted by the Acts of the sixth, the nineteenth, and the twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts now in Force.

[By Srats. 6 Geo. 3. c. 38. 19 Geo. 3. c. 59. 24 Geo. 3. ft. %. c. 38.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, shall be subject and liable to an additional Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Produce and Amount contained in any Assessment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better assessing, levying, collecting, and paying the before-

mentioned Duties by this Act imposed, the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall hereafter be authorized or appointed, for putting in Execution the Acts relative to the present Duties on Houses and' Windows or Lights, and inhabited Houses, or any other Duties placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act, with relation to the aforesaid Duties, and the Powers herein contained, in all and singular the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and that the said several Surveyors, inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors respectively appointed, or who shall be appointed in Manner aforesaid, shall be Surveyors, inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act according to the respective Powers and Authorities given to them by the said former Acts, or any of them; and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons aforesaid being duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts as before-mentioned, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the aforesaid Rates or Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or aViy of them, are or is authorized to put in Execution the several Acts relative to the Rates and Duties on Windows or Lights, and Houses, or any Matter or Thing therein respectively contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Assessors, in making the Assessment under this present Act of the additional Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds ter Centum, to assess the Sum of twenty Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of all the former Rates and Duties contained

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 105, 106.

in any Assessment, whereon the Rates of twenty Pounds per Centum are imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament,* and the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act, in one Sum, and by one Assessment and Charge, instead of diflindl Assessments Snd Charges, and to return the same to the respective Commissioners, in the Manner and under the Regulations and Directions prescribed by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament *, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and that the respective Collectors shall and may collect and receive the said Duties accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the first Assessment under this Act shall be made for three Quarters of a Year from the fifth Day of July one thoCifand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and that, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Assessments under this Act shall be made for one whole Year from the fifth Day of April in each Year and that the Duties so to be assessed shall be paid Quarterly, at the Times and in Manner following; that is to say, on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by equal Portions, the first of the said Payments on the said Assessment for three Quarters of a Year, to be made on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, shall feve-

rally and respectively be aftelTed, raised, levied, collected, and received, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed and appointed by any Act or Acts of Parliament for aliening, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying, the Duties on Houses# Windows, or Lights, granted by the Acts of the sixth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and the Duties on inhabited Houses granted by an Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or by any of them, so far as the same now remain in Force, and are applicable to the said several and respective Duties, or any of them, and are not altered by this Act; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Exemptions. Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, now in Force, contained in the said several Acts, or any or them, or any Act or Acts therein referred to, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the several Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Exemptions, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and rc-enacted in this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties hereby imposed,

(the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to, and made Part of the Consolidated Fund. J /

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising, or to arise, of the said Duties by this Act imposed, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised, or Stock created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament: and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted, or to be granted, in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Horses, before charged with a Duty of two Shillings by an Act of the thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and on Mules.re-[ 19th July 1797.]

Most Gracious Sovereign, '

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making an Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall keep any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or any Mule# charged with a Duty of

4 L 2 two

619

and returning them to the Commissioners.

Cap. 69.

Firrt Assessment to be for three Quarters, from July 5, 1797, and afterwards for a Year and paid Quarterly.

Duties to be af-

ftfled, dec. as other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for Taxes.

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Application of Duties, which, for ten Years, are to be kept, with others granted for the same Purpose, separate from all other Monies.

Additional Duty of 3s. to be paid for every Horse, &c. chargeable

620

under 36 Geo. 3. c. 1 5. and to be subject to 20l. per Cent.

Horses furnished for Volunteer Corps exempted from Duties imposed by this Act, and 36 Geo. 3. c. 15.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

From April 5, 1798, Duties imposed by yhis Aft, and 36 Geo. 3. c. 15.

may be assessed

in one Sum.

Cap. 69.

First Assessment to be made for three Quarters of a Year, from July 5, 1797, and afterwards lor a Year and to be paid Quarts ly.

Duties to be ascertained, &c. as former Duties.

C. 106. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

two Shillings by an Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall yield and pay annually an additional Duty of three Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule; which said Duty shall also be subject to an additional Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount contained in any AUeffment thereof.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall fetve in any Volunteer Corps-

raised by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, and shall provide a Horse, Mare, or Gelding, liable to the Duties by this Act imposed, for such Service, or who shall, at his or her Expence, furnish. a Horse, Mare, or Gelding, liable to the said Duties, for any Person serving in any such Corps as aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable for such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, with the additional Duties by this Act imposed, or the former Duties imposed by an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, (An Act for granting to his Majesty new Duties on certain Horfys not charged with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules)* rorjjf

III. And be it further enacted, That for the better assessing, levying, collecting, and paying, the before-mentioned Duties by this Act imposed, the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall be hereafter authorized or ^appointed, for putting in Execution the Acts relative to the present Duties on Houses and Windows or Lights, and inhabited Houses, or any other Duties placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act with relation to the aforesaid Duties, and the Powers therein contained, in all and Angular the Counties, Shires, Stewartries. Ridings, Divi lions, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, respectively appointed to put in Execution the said several Acts before mentioned, #r any of them, shall be Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act, according to the respective Powers and Authorities given to them by the said former Acts, or any of them; and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts before mentioned, relative to the said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorized to put in Execution the said former Acts relative, to the said Rates and Duties, or any Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Assessors, in making the several Assessments of two Shillings and three Shillings under this present Act, and the Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, before mentioned, to make one Assessment at the Rate of five Shillings for each Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, assessed by this Act, instead and in lieu of the said two several Assessments; and in making the several Assessments under this present Act of the additional Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum, and of the Duties of ten Pounds per Centum, and of ten Pounds per Centum under the Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, before mentioned, to make one Assessment after the Rate of twenty Pounds upon the Amount of the said respective Duties, together with such other Duties as shall be included in the same Assessment, and to return the same to the respective Commissioners, in the Manner, and under the Regulations and Directions, prescribed by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament*, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and that the respective Collectors shall and may collect and receive the said Duties accordingly. kV; stir

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the first Assessment under this Act of the Duties hereby imposed, shall be made for three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and afterwards the Assessment of the Duties charged by this Act shall be made for one Year, from the fifth Day of Aj>ril in every Year and that the Duties, so to be assessed under this Act; shall be paid Quarterly, at the Times and in Manner following; (that is to say,) on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by equal Portions; the first of the said Payments on the said Assessment for three Quarters of a Year, to be made on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act imposed shall and may be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such general Rules, Methods, and Directions, by which the Rates and Duties on Horses kept and used for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing, or by which the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, before-mentioned, are or may be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said Rules, Methods, and Directions, are expressly varied by this Act; and all and every the Powecs, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, now in Force, and not hereby otherwise provided, for the surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the said Rates and Duties, by any of the said former Acts granted, as far as the lame are applicable to the Duties by this Act imposed, shall be in full Force and duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, For-

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 106, 107.

feitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the said Duties (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the said Duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament *, and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted or to be granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever*

CAP. CVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Male Servants;

‘ [19th July 1797.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and

making an Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto

your Majesty the additional Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that € it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain^ the several Duties following 3 that is to

fey> N

That every Person who shall retain or employ two Male Servants, and no more, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, fox or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is payable by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be charged with an additional yearly Duty of 7 ten Shillings for each of such Servants:

That every Person who shall retain or employ three such Male Servants, or four Male Servants, and no more, shall be charged with an additional yearly Duty of fifteen Shillings for each such Servant:

That every Person who shall retain or employ more than four such Male Servants, shall be charged with an additional yearly Duty of one Pound for each such Servant.

II. And be it enacted, That the said additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed shall be paid over and

above and in addition to the Rates and Duties on Male Servants granted by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts in Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act. < A

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties by this Act imposed shall respectively be subject and liable to an additional Duty, after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Produce and Amount contained in any Assessment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better asserting, levying, collecting, and paying, the said additional Duties by this Act imposed, the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall hereafter be appointed, for putting in Execution the several Acts relative to the present Duties on Male Servants, or any other Duties placed Under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act with relation to the aforesaid Duties, and the-Powers herein contained, in all and Angular the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, respectively appointed, or who shall be appointed, shall be Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act,.according to the respective Powers and Authorities given to them by the said former Acts, or any of them; and the said Commissioners and other the Persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts as before mentioned, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the aforesaid Rates or Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as lull and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is authorized to put in Execution the several Acts relative to the several Rates and Duties on Male Servants, or any Matters or Things therein respectively contained*

I - V.And

621

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Application of Duties, which, for ten Years, shall, with other* granted for the same Purpose, be kept separate from all other. Monies.

Additional Du» ties to be paid for Male Servants chargeable under*5 Geo. 3. c. 43.:

For two, 1 os. each}

For three or four, 15s. cachs

For more than four, tl. each.

Duties to be in Addition to former Duties,

and liable to 20l. per Cent. on the Amount.

Commissioners for Taxes, to put this Act in Execution.

622

Mode of miking the Alfdrments of aol. per Cent, and returning them to the Commissioners.

Cap. 69*

First AflV/Tment to be for three Quarters, from

July 5> 1797.

and afterwards for a Year and to be paid Quarterly.

Puties to be assessed, &c. as others under the Management of Commissioners for Taxes.

I

Puties to be

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

Application of Duties, which, for ten Years, are, with others granted for the same Purpose, to be kept separate from all other Monies.

C. 107, 108. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.-JD. 1797.

Yr. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Assessors, in making the Assessments under this Act of the additional Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds ter Centum, toaflets the Sum of twenty Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of all the former Rates and Duties contained in any Assessment whereon the Rates or Duties of twenty Pounds per Centum are imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act, in one Sum, and by one Assessment and Charge, instead of distinct Assessments an^ Charges, and to return the same to the respective Comm ill! oners in the Manner and under the Regulations and Directions prescribed by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament*, intituled, An Act for granting to his Mai efly additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of faxes \ and that the respective Collectors shall and may collect and receive the said Rates and Duties accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the first Assessment under this Act shall be made for three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and that, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Assessments cinder this Act shall be made for one Year, from the fifth Day of April in each Year and

ment for three Quarters of a Year to be made on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties by this Adljmposed shall severally

and respectively be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, Provisoes, and Exemptions, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed and appointed by any Act or Acts of Parliament for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying over, the Duties on Male Servants granted by the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any other Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of them, so far as the same now remain in Force and are applicable to the said several and respective Duties, or any of them, and are not altered by this Act; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, now in Force, contained in the said several Acts, or any of them, or any Act or Acts therein referred to, for the assessing, raising, levying, surcharging, collecting, and paying over, the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessing, raising, levying, surcharging, collecting, and paying, the several additional Duties by this Act imposed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties hereby imposed, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the said Duties by this Act imposed, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament, and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all the other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties and paid into the said Receipt shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted, or to be granted, in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever. > nfeNHIfes

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Puties on Clocks and Watches.

[19th July 1797.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned ;, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it maybe enabled;* and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and

A.D. 1797.

tricesimo sept

C. 108.

and ninety-seven, there shall be charged, assessed, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, the several Duties herein after mentioned} that is to say,

For and upon every Clock or Timekeeper, by whatever Name the same shall be called, which shall be used for the Purpose of a Clock, and placed in or upon any Dwelling House, or any Office or Building thereunto belonging, or any other Building whatever, whether private or public, belonging to any Person or Persons, or Company of Persons, or any Body Corporate or Politic, or Collegiate, or which shall be kept and used, by any Person or Persons in Great Britain, there shall be charged an Annual Duty of five Shillings:

For and upon every Gold Watch, or Watch enamelled on. Gold, or Gold Timekeeper used for the Purpose of a Watch, by whatever Name the same shall be called, which shall be kept, and worn, or used, by any Person or Persons in Great Britain, there shall be charged an Annual Duty of ten Shillings:

And for and upon every Silver or Metal Watch, or Silver or Metal Timekeeper used for the Purpose of a Watch, or any other Watch, or Timekeeper used for the like Purpose, not before charged, of whatever Materials the same shall be made, and by whatever Name the same shall be called, which shall be kept and worn, or used, by any Person, there shall be charged an Annual Duty of two Shillings and Sixpence:

The said several Duties to be paid by the respective Proprietors of such Clocks, Watches, and Timekeepers.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Watch, of which the outer or the inner Case shall be made

of Gold, or shall be enamelled on Gold, shall be charged with the Duty hereby imposed on Gold Watches.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall be hereafter

authorized or appointed, to put in Execution the Acts relative to any of the present Duties placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act, and the Powers herein contained, with relation to the Duties hereby granted, as before mentioned, in all the Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, respectively appointed or to be appointed to put in Execution the said Acts relative to the said present Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of them, shall be Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act, with relation to the Duties hereby granted, as before mentioned, according to the Powers given to them respectively by the said Acts, or any of them, and not hereby altered, or according to the Powers given to them by this Act; and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons aforesaid, being respectively duly qua-i:c-j-n. t? :-r jf fa fajj Acts before mentioned, shall and they are hereby respectively

lings necessary for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the mentioned, in the like ard in as full and ample a Manner as they, or

of

Ms

any

spectively contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Duties by this Act granted, shall and may be ascertained, managed, collected, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such Penalties, Forfeitures, ar>d Difebilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, Directions, and Provisions, by which the Rates and Duties now placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of them, are

, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far

_____9 __, I I____edlions, and Provisions, are expressly varied by this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, now in Force, for the surcharging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the Rates and Duties by any former Acts granted, as far as the same are applicable to the aforesaid Duties granted by this Act, and not expressly varied, or otherwise provided for, shall be in full Force, and duly observed, practised, and put in Execution throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for surcharging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the aforesaid Duties granted by this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners hereby appointed to put in Execution this Act shall, in their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, for* which they are or shall be appointed Commissioners respectively, meet for the first Time on or before the fir (I Day of rfuguji one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or on such other Day as the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall think proper to appoint, not later than the fifteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and proceed in the Execution of this Act in such and the same Manner as is prescribed by any Act or Acts with respect to the Rates and Duties before mentioned, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes (except where any Alteration is made by this Act); and the said Commissioners shall, at such their Meeting, catife Notice to be given to the Persons appointed within their re-

spedlive Districts or Divisions to be Assessors or Collectors under the said Acts before mentioned, or

any

623

For every CJocfr,

5$.'.

For every Gold Watch, or enamelled on Gold, 10s. t

For every Silver or Metal Watch# as. 6d.

What Watches shall be deemed Gold.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Taxes.

Duties to be ascertained, &c. as other Duties under their Management.

First Meeting of Commissioners,

who shall give Notice to the Afltflbrt of their Appointment*

624

Assessors to leave Notice yearly at the Houses of Persons liable to the Duty.

Notice to require the House-keepers to prepare Lifts and Declarations in the Form contained in the annexed Schedule.

Housekeepers to make out Lift and sign Declaration in 14 Days after Notice, and to require all Persons within the House to declare the Number of Clocks and Watches for which they ought to be aftested, &c.

Lifts for the first and second Times to contain the largest Number of Clocks and Watches liable to Duty between Aug. 1, 1797, and die Time of making them out, and afterwards during the Year ending April 5, preceding.

A tie fl*ors may serve Notice on Persons not being Household-ers, requiring them to make ut separate Lifts, &c.

C. 108. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

any of them, that such Persons are also appointed respectively Aflcllors or Collectors of the Duties granted by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons appointed Assessors for the present ear shall, within fourteen Days after Notice of their being appointed Assessors of the aforesaid Duties hereby granted, and the several Persons to be hereafter appointed Afleliors shall, within fourteen Days alter such their Appointment, yearly leave Notice in Writing at every Dwelling House within their respective Districts, in or upon which any Clock, Watch, or Timekeeper aforesaid shall be placed, kept and worn, or used, or in which any Person liable to be afiefled to the aforesaid Duties hereby granted

shall dwell.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Notice to be left as aforesaid at any Dwelling House, for the

Occupier or Occupiers thereof, shall require such Occupier or Occupiers to prepare and produce, within the Space of fourteen Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a Liu or Declaration in Writing of all the Clocks and Timekeepers used for the Purpose of Clocks, and placed in or upon such Dwelling House, and belonging either to the Owner or Owners of such Dwelling House, or to such Occupier or Occupiers; and also of all Watches, and Timekeepers used for the Purpose of Watches, kept and worn, or used, by such Occupier or Occupiers; and another List in Writing, containing the Christian and Surnames of each and every Person dwelling in such Dwelling House, whether fudi Persons are liable to the aforesaid Duties by this Act granted or not, and whether such Person shall be one of such Occupier’s Family, or an Inmate or Lodger in such Dwelling House; which Lift and Declaration shall be made out by such Occupier or Occupiers in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Occupier for whom any such Notice as aforesaid shall be left, shall be obliged, within fourteen Days after such Notice being left, to make out the Lift, and sign the Declaration before mentioned; and shall also, within the like Period, cause the Contents of the said Notice to be read over and made known to each and every Person dwelling in such Dwelling House, Office, or Building as aforesaid, liable to the aforesaid Duties; and shall require each and every such Person to declare to every such Occupier the exact Number of the Clocks, Watches, and Timekeepers, for which he or she ought to be aftested, and to give a Description thereof, in such Manner that the Duties payable for the same may be ascertained, or to declare that such Person has not kept and worn, or used, within the Time herein after specified, any such Clock, Watch, or Timekeeper; which Declarations the said Occupier or Occupiers shall cause to be entered in the Lift or Declaration to be delivered by him, her, or them, to the Assessor or Assessors, and shall require each and every such Person to write or cause to be written his or her Christian or Surname opposite the Entry of his or her Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, or his or her Declaration as aforesaid; and every such Person, being required thereunto as aforesaid by any such Occupier or Occupiers, shall be obliged to make such Declaration, and to attest the same in the Manner before directed, unless such Person shall be usually resident elsewhere, out of the District of such Afteftor or Assessors where such Notice shall be left, and shall be liable to be aftested in such other Place, and shall declare the Place where he or she intends to be aftested to or pay, or has been aftested to or paid, the aforesaid Duties, which Declaration shall be entered on the Return to be made by such Occupier or Occupiers, and signed as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such List or Declaration shall, foF the first and second Times of the same being required under this Act, contain the greatest Number of Clocks, Watches, and Timekeepers liable to the aforesaid Duties hereby granted, which have been placed in or upon his or her Dwelling House, O'Eces, or Buildings as aforesaid, or kept and worn, or used, by the respective Persons specified in such List or Declaration as aforesaid, at any one Time between the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the Day of making a Return thereof respectively, according to the Directions of this Act; and every such List or Declaration thereafter to be made shall contain the greatest Number of such Clocks, Watches, and Timekeepers, so placed as aforesaid, or kept and worn; or used, by such Persons respectively, during the Year ending on the fifth Day of April preceding the Day of making such Return; and each Person mentioned in the Lift and Declaration of such Occupier, shall he liable to be charged to the full Number of his or her Clocks, Watches, and Timekeepers, which shall or ought to be inserted in such List or Declaration.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Assessor or Assessors, whenever he or they shall see Occasion, to serve a Notice personally upon, or leave the same at the House where any Person liable to any of the aforesaid Duties hereby granted, and not being the Occupier of such House as aforesaid, shall reside, requiring such Person to make out, sign, and deliver a lepa-rate Lift and Declaration of the Number of his or her Clocks, Watches, and Timekeepers in the Manner before directed; and every such Person shall, after such Notice so served or left, make out, sign, and deliver, a List and Declaration, within the Times respectively before limited, in such Form and Manner as is herein directed to be done by Occupiers of Dwelling Houses with respect to Clocks, Watches, and Timekeepers being their own Property respectively, or in Default thereof a separate Assessment shall be made upon such Person, in the Manner before directed with respect to such Occupiers as aforesaid; and every such Person shall be liable to be aftested in the District in which such List and Declaration shall be made, unless he or she shall add to such Return a Declaration of the particular Parish or Place of his or her usual Refukoce where such Person intends to pay, or has been afieflfed to or paid, the aforesaid Duties.

A

Anno tricesimo

C. 108.

6 2

5

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Occupier of any Dwelling House at which any such Notice shill be left, shall, for the Space of fourteen Days after such Notice, neglect or refjfe to make oat such Litis or Declarations, or either of them, or shall neglect or refuse, within the said Period of fourteen Days, to make known the Contents of such Notice to each and every Person dwelling in such Dwelling House, or to Ttquire and take the Lifts or Declarations of every such Person willing to make the same, or to insert the same in the Declaration of such Occupier, in the Manner herein directed, or to deliver cr cause to be delivered such List and Declaration to such Assessor or Assessors, duly filled up and signed as aforesaid, when he or they shall call for the same at such Dwelling House, at any Time after the Expiration of fourteen Days from the said Notice being left, and shall not laavc such List and Declaration at th? Place named in the said Notice, at the Place of Abode of one of the said Afteftors, within fourteen Days after such Assessor or Assessors shall have so called for the same, then such Assessor or Assessors shall, from the best Information he or they can obtain, make an Assessment upon such Occupier for or in respect of every Clock, Watch, or Timekeeper, kept and worn, or used, by such Occupier, and upon every other Person dwelling in the Dwelling House of such Occupier, for or in respect of every Clock, Watch, or Timekeeper, kept and worn, or used, by such other Person; and every such A lie Ament so made upon the Occupier, shall be final and conclusive upon him or her, without Liberty of Appeal therefrom, unless such Occupier shall prove on such Appeal, as is herein after mentioned, that he or she was not at his or her Dwelling House at the Time of leaving the said Notice, rror between that Day and the Time limited for delivering such List and Declaration to the AfletTor, or shall allege and prove such other Excuse as the Commissioners for executing this Act shall in their Judgment chink reasonable and sufficient, and at the Time of such Appeal shall produce upon Oath a true and full Lift and Declaration, made and signed as herein required, of all Clocks, Watches, and Timekeepers, placed or being in or upon his or her Dwelling House, Offices, or Buildings aforesaid, or kept and worn, or used, by him or her, or any Person or Persons dwelling in any such Dwelling House, Office, or Building as aforesaid, to the best of the Knowledge or Belief of such Occupier; and every such Assessment so made upon any such other Person shall be final and conclusive upon him or her, without Liberty of Appeal therefrom, unless such other Person shall prove that the Contents of such Notice had not been made known to hint or her, or that no Lift or Declaration had been required from him or her, or that such List or Declaration had been given, and neglected to be inserted in the Lift or Declaration of the Occupier, and at the Time of such Appeal shall produce, on Oath, a true and full Lift and Declaration, signed by him or her, of all Clocks, watches, and Timepieces, kept and worn, or used, by him or her, within the Time for which such List and Declaration are required to be given.

XII. And be it further enacted, That such Afteftors as aforesaid shall not be bound by such Lists and Declarations as shall be delivered to them respectively in pursuance of this Act, but that such Afteftors, and also any Surveyor or Inspector of the Duties hereby imposed, shall be at Liberty, if he or they shall find, on due Examination, that*any Clock, Watch, or Timekeeper, liable to any of the Duties by this Act imposed, is omitted in such List or Declaration, to surcharge the same, and make a true Assessment upon every Person liable as aforesaid within their respective Districts, of the real Number of such Clocks, Watches, and Time-keepers, liable to the said Duties, or any of them, subject to an Appeal, at such Times and in such Manner as is directed by the aforesaid Acts relative to the present Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of them; and that in all such Cases such Surcharge shall he made alter the Rate of Double the Duty for every Clock, Watch, or Timekeeper, so omitted; and the Aftcftor, Surveyor, or Inspector, so making such Surcharge, shall be and is hereby entitled to, and shall have and receive, for his own Use, one Moiety of the Sum charged by every Surcharge which maybe justly made upon any such List and Declaration.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the first Assessment under this Act, of the said Duties hereby impoied, shall be made for three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and afterwards shall be made for one whole Year, from the fifth Day of April in every

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Duties hereby granted shall be paid Quarterly, at the Times and in the Manner following; that is to say, on the firth Day of January, the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by equal Portions; the first of the said Payments upon the said Assessment for three Quarters of a Year, to be made on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in respect of every Clock, or Timekeeper used for the Purpose of a Clock, which shall be erected, placed, or be in or upon any Building belonging to any Company of Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, or Collegiate, a Notice shall annually, as aforesaid, be left with any known Officer of such Company, Body Politic or Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall certify the Contents thereof to his Superior or Superiors having the Care of such Clock, Timekeeper, or Building, or to whom such Clock, Timekeeper, or Building, shall belong; or if no such Officer shall be known to the Afteflor or Afteftors, then such Notice shall be affixed on the outer Door of such Building, which Notice so delivered or affixed shall be deemed good and sufficient Notice, and shall be as effectual to com :>el the Delivery of a List and Declaration of the Names and Descriptions of the Person or Persons chargeable with the Duty hereby imposed on such Clock or Timekeeper, as if the same had been personally served on such Person or Person?; and the Duty hereby imposed on such Clock or Timekeeper shall be paid by the Company, Body Politic or Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom such Clock, Timekeeper, or Building shall belong, and the Goods and Chattels

37 Geo. III. 4 Mf of

If House holder* neglect to make out Lilt*, arc. the Alfrffbra shall afllf; them

from the best Information they can obtain, which shall be final, unless certain Particulars be proved.

Assessors, tec, if they find O-missionsjn Lifts, may make Surcharge* after the Hate of Double the Duties j of which they shall receive a Moic*

ly*

First Assessment to be made for three Quarters, from July '5, 1797, and afterwards for a Year.

Duties to be paid Quarterly,

A Notice to be left with the Officer of Companies, tec. or affixed to the outer Door of the Build.ng on which the Clock is erc&ed, See,

626

Penalty of 10l. fir not delivering Lifts ami Declarations,

&<r.

After OCt. ro, 1797* a Penalty of 10l. for having Clocks or Watches, and not having declared the same.

The Duties on Clocks in or on Dwelling Houses not enjoyed by any particular Occupier to be charged upon the Landlords.

Duties onClocks let with Dwelling Houses, Arc. to be paid by tke Occupiers#

How Duties on Infants are to be charged.

Duty not to extend to House holders exempted from the Du-ticson Windows and Houses, for cnc Clock, and one Silver or Metal Watch:

Nor to Occupiers of Houses not rateable at more than ten Windows, for Clocks not werth more than 20s.

Not to extend to the Royal Family, or Am-baftadors, or to Hospital,

Churches, kc. j

C. 108. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

of such Company, Body Politic or Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom such Clock or Timekeeper shall belong, shall be liable in Payment of the same, in like Manner as the Goods and Chattels of any Owner of any Clock charged with the said Duty by this Act is hereby, or by any Aiit or Acts herein referred to, made liable

for Non-payment of the said Duty.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Occupier of any Dwelling House, or any Officer of any Company, Body Politic or Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person liable under the Directions before contained to deliver such List and Declaration as aforesaid to the Assessor or Assessors, shall refuse or neglect, within the Time hereinbefore prescribed, to deliver-or cause to be delivered, to such Assessor or Assessors, such List or Declaration specifying the Number of Clocks, Watches, and Timekeepers, used as aforesaid by such Occupier or Occupiers, and likewise of those belonging to all such Persons dwelling within such Dwelling House, Office, or Building, as shall have respectively made to such Occupier the Declaration hereinbefore required, or belonging to such Company, Body Politic or Corporate, or Collegiate; or if any Person or Persons dwelling in any Dwelling House, and liable, under the Directions of this Act, to give to the Occupier thereof such Declaration as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse, on Demand, to give such Declaration of the Number of his or her Clocks, Watches, and Timekeepers, or to declare that he, she, or they has or have used or worn none, to such Occupier, and to sign his or her Name to such Declaration, he or she so neglect-ine or refusing shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, if any Person shall have, keep, and use, any Clock, or Timekeeper for the Purpose of a Clock, or keep and wear, or use, any Watch, or Timekeeper for the Purpose of a Watch, liable to any Duty by this Act imposed, without having declared the same in the Manner herein directed, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XVIII. And be it Further enacted, That when any Dwelling House, with the Offices and Buildings thereto belonging, shall be demised to different Occupiers in separate Apartments the Duties by this Act granted as aforesaid, which shall become payable in respect of any Clock or Timekeeper, placed or being in or upon such Dwelling House, Office, or Building, and belonging to the Landlord or Landlords, and not exclusively in the Enjoyment of any particular Occupier, shall be charged upon the Landlord or Landlords who let or demised the lame, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and not on the Occupier or Occupiers.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Duties hereby granted, which shall be payable in respect of any Clock or Timekeeper, placed or being in or upon any Dwelling House, or any Office or Building belonging thereto, or occupied therewith, and which shall be let or demised together with such Dwelling House, Office, or Building, shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and not by the Landlord or Landlords, except in the Case hereinbefore mentioned, any Covenant, Agreement, or Contract to the contrary notwith-ftu riding. «. y.t+fi

XX. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Duties hereby granted, which shall become payable by any Person under the Age of twenty-one Years, having a Parent or Guardian, or residing with any Tutor or Curator, shall be charged upon such Parent or Guardian, or such Tutor or Curator, provided the Name of such Parent, Guardian, Tutor, or Curator, shall be returned to such Afleftbr or AftelTors of the aforesaid Duties, or in Default thereof, the said Duties shall be charged upon and paid by such Infant.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to charge with the Duty hereby imposed, any Person who shall inhabit any Dwelling House wholly exempt from the Payment of the Duties on Windows or Lights, by an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also of the Duties on inhabited Houses, by an Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in respect of one Clock, or Timekeeper to be used fur the Purpose of a Clock, or having only one Clock or Timekeeper, in respect of one Silver or Metal Watch, or Silver or Metal Timekeeper used for the Purpose of a Watch; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to charge with the said Duty, 2ny Person inhabiting a Dwelling House which, together with the Offices thereunto belonging, is or ought to be rated at not more than ten Windows or Lights to the Duties on WinJows or Lights, in respect of any Clock, or Timekeeper used for the Purpose of a Clock, in such Dwelling house, the Movements of which Clock or Timekeeper shall be made of Wood, or fixed upon Wood, and which Clocks are usually sold by the respective Makers thereof at a Trice not exceeding the bum of twenty Shillings for each such Clock, or which shall not be of greater Value than the said Sum of twenty Shillings; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge with the aforesaid Duties, any Clock or Timekeeper placed or being in or upon any Building in the Occupation of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any of the Royal Family, or of any Am-bafLdor or Foreign Minister residing in Great Britain, or in or upon either House of Parliament, or any Hospital or other Building erected and maintained for charitable Purposes, nor upon any Parish Church, or any Chapel or other Place of Public religious Worship, or any Watch or Timekeeper kept,

627

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 108.

had, used, or worn, in any House inhabited by any of the Royal Family, or by any such Ambassador or Foreign Minister.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge with the Duty hereby imposed any Servant in Husbandry dwelling with his or her Masteror Midress, in any Dwelling House exempt from the Payment of the said Duties on inhabited Houses, by the Act of the nineteenth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, before mentioned; nor to any Non-commissioned Officer or Private in his Majesty's Army, or in the Marines or the Militia, nor to any Seaman in his Majesty's Navy, or employed in the Merchant Service.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge with the Duty hereby imposed, any Maker of or Dealer iit Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, in respect of any Clock, Watch, or Timekeeper, kept by him for Sale, or intruded to him or his Servants or Workmen, in the Course of Trade; such Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, being duly licensed thereunto by virtue of this Act; nor any Pawnbroker in respect of any Clock, Watch, or Timekeeper, kept for Sale or in Pledge, such Pawnbroker being duly licensed thereunto by virtue of the Laws now in Force.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person tiling and exercising the Trade and Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, within the City of London^ or the City or Liberties of Westminster, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-Bone or Saint Pan-eras, in the County of Middlesex, or the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and who shall take out a Licence to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence; and that every Person using and exercising the said Trade and Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, without the City of London, the City and Liberties of Westminster, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-Ic-bone, and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and who shall take out a Licence to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of one Shilling.

XXVII. And, for the better and more effectually raising, levying, collecting, and paying the said Duties hereby granted on Licences, be it enacted, That the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Ma-pagement, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as shall be necessary; and to provide and use such Marks or Stamps, as they shall think fit, to denote the said Duties, and to repair, renew, and alter the-faine from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, and to do all other Matters and Things necessary to be dojie for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said Duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any of the Laws now in being concerning damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this A<d, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or some Person duly authorized by them, or any three or more of them, shall grant Licences to such Persons who shall use and exercise the Trade and Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, in any City, Town, or Place within Great Britain, to use and exercise the same within such City, Town, or Place, for any Space of Time as herein after mentioned, not exceeding one Year and every such Licence shall ccafe and determine on the fifth Day of July in the Year for which the same shall be issued; and every such Licence taken out for the Year in which the same shall be iflticd, shall be in Force until and upon the fi th Day of July then next following, and shall commence from the Date thereof; and every such Licence trkenout for any Year subsequent to the Year in which the same shall be issued, shall commence from the fifth Day of July then next ensuing, and continue in Force until and upon the fifth Day of July in the succeeding Year and that every such Person shall take out a fresh Licence for another Year, ten Days at lead before the Expiration of that Year for which he shall have been licensed, if he shall continue to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches* or ’Timekeepers, and shall in like Manner renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due on such Licence, as long as he shall continue to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That Persons carrying on their Trade and Business of Makers of, or Dealers in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, in Partnership, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence in any one Year for carrying on such Trade or Business.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, not having a Licence to use or exercise the Trade or Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, who shall, after the fird Day of Jugufl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, within the Limits hereinbefore described, and after the fird Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, without the said Limits, carry on the said Trade and Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, without hav-

IY - 4 M 2 ing

Nor to certain

Husbandmcr, nor Soldi, r*, Marine*, or Sailors:

N tr to the Stock of licensed Makers of, or Dealer*

in, Clocks and Watches, or licensed Pawnbrokers.

Makers of, or D:a trs m, Clocks and Watches, taking out a Licence, to pay annually, within certain Lin* ts, »s. 6d. and without, is.

Licence Duties to be under trie Management of the Commissioners for Stamps.

Commissioners to grant Licences, which shall commence and continue in Force as herein speciticd.

Licence to be renewed yearly.

One Licence sufficient for

Partners.

Persons carrying on BuiTness witliouc a Licence to forfe it

5k

628,

Application of

Pe '.aititK fiicd for in thrfcc Month: > and whc*c they may be sued for.

Recovery of Penalties not sued for in three Months.

Penalties to his Majesty to be paid to the Re* ceiver General of Stamp Duties, out of which Informers may be rewarded.

Justices may determine Offences where pecuniary Penalties are in-Aided.

Application of Penalty, which may he levied by Distref» $ or the Offender to be committed for from three to six Months.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Penalty on Wimetres for

not appearing or not giving Evidence.

Conviction to be made in the following

Form.

C. 108. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

ing obtained a Licence for that Purpose under the Directions of this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds*

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of ail pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed, shall (if sued for within the Space of three Calendar Months from the Time of any such Perialty or Forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, and in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, for Offences committed in Scotland^by. Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Defaultof Prosecution within the Time

hereinbefore limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the respective Courts aforesaid, in which Case, the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Alajtity, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Fotfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties for the Time being; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Rewards as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered, after deducting all Changes and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout, or amongst; any Person or Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto, either as Discoverers or Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon any information exhibited or Complaint made in that Behalf,* within three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, giving to each Party three Days Notice to appear, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fact; and upon Proof made thereof, either by voluntary Confession of the Party accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or otherwise, as the Case may require, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as in and by this Act is directed to be divided, one Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence fhalLbe committed, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers, and to award and issue out his Warrant, undrr his Hand and Seal, for the levying the said Penalty so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, (if any,) and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding fix nor less than three Calendar Months, unless such' pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any ^arty shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he or they shall ants may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, which shall happen, after fourteen Days next after such Conviction shall have been made, and of which Appeal reasonable Notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, and in case Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or

Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such Ncgiedt or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice of the Peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner as is herein directed as to other Penalties.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender (had be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatis mutandii; that is to say,

gE it remembered, That, on the Day of

in the County of A.B. of

C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for Offence was committed; for that the said A. B on the

in the Year of our Lord

was convicted before me residing near the Place where the Day of

did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided [here /late the O^nce^gafn/l the Act]; and I do declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of J of lawful

_, 4 Money

629

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 108.

4 Money of Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law directs. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of '»

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be wrote fairly upon Parchment, and returned to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where such Conviction was made, to be filed by Me proper Officer there, and there to remain, and be kept among the Records of the same County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, or Place; and no such Conviction shall be removed by Certiorari or other rrocefsinto any Court whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the said several Duties by this Act

granted (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid by the respective Receivers appointed under the respective Commissioners of Taxes and Stamps, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and Hull be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Duties before mentioned, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Wars next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted or to be granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

T B. Occupier of the Dwelling House situate at do hereby declare. That the

A following Lift contains the true and full Number of Clocks, and Timekeepers used for the Purpose of Clocks, placed or being within or upon my said Dwelling House, or any Office or Building belonging the ieto or occupied therewith; and the true and full Number and Description of all the Watches, and Timekeepers worn or used for the Purpose of Watches, which I now keep and wear, or use, or have kept and worn, or used, since the videlicet,

No. of Clocks.

No. of Gold Watches.

No. of Silver or other Watches.

And I do also further declare. That the following Lift contains the Names of all Persons now dwelling in my said Dwelling House, Offices, or Buildings, who ought to be assessed to the said Duty, to the btft of my Knowledge and Belief; and that I have cauled the Contents of the Notice left at my Dwelling House to De made known to each of them; and that they have severally made the Declaration set opposite their respective Names, whion Names are of their respective Hand Writing; videlicet,

Names.] No. of Clocks. No. of Gold Watches.

A.B.

c. d.

No. of Silver or other Watches.

CAP.

Convictions to be kept among the County Records, and not removeable into any Court.

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Application of Duties, which for ten Years are, with othert granted for the fime Purpose, to be kept fepa* rate ft om ali other Monies.

4

6io

C. rcg. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Order in Coun cil of Sept. 15, 1795, ai.d

of Nov. 9, 1796, recited.

Officers and Men of his Majesty's Fiert to have all Ships and Cargoes belonging to the United Provinces or Spain, taken since the Dates of the respective Orders in Council, divided agreeably to Proclamations of Nov. 25, 1795, and Jan. 25, 1797, or any future Proclamation j

and also the Arms, &c. taken in any Fortress, or Vessels in any Creek, &c. belonging thereto.

Where the Navy and Army ad jointly against a Fortrefa, their Proportions of Prizes to be as his Majesty shall

diced.

Cap. cix.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majestfs Navy *, and for making further Provision for those Purposes.

[19th July 1797.]

other Ships and Vessels that should be commissionated by Letters of Marque, or General Reprisals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, should and lawfully might seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the United Provinces, or their Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the Territories of the aforesaid United Provinces, and bring the same to Judgment in any of the Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty's Dominions: And r whereas his Majesty, by another Order in Council, dated the ninth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, was pleased to order that General Reprizals be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the King of Spain, so that as well his Majesty's Fleets and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that should be commissionated by Letters of Marque, or General Reprizals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, should and might lawfully seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods belonging to the King of Spain, or his Subjects, or others inhabiting within the Territories of the King of Spain, and bring the same to Judgment in any of the Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty's Dominions: Now, for the Encouragement of the Officers and Seamen of his Majesty's Ships of War, and the Officers and Seamen of all other Britipo Ships and Vessels having Commissions and Letters of Marque; and for inducing all Bruish Seamen, who may be in any Foreign Service, to return into this Kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty; and for the more effectual (ecuring and extending the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, shall have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandizes, belonging to the United Provinces, or their Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the Territories of the United Provinces, which they have taken since the fifteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or shall hereafter take during the Continuance of Hostilities against the United Provinces; and also shall have the (ole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandizes belonging to the King of Spain, or his Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the Territories of the King of Spain, which they have taken since the ninth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall hereafter take during the Continuance of Hostilities against Spain; after the same respectively shall have been finally adjudged lawful Prize to his Majesty in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's Plantations in America, or elsewhere, which shall be duly authorized to take Cognizance of such Captures; to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner as his Majesty hath, by his several Proclamations of the twenty-fifth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the twenty-fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with regard thereto respectively, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to order and dirtft, by Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued for those Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board every Ship and VelTd of War in his Majesty's Pay, being armed, officered, and employed, in his Majesty's Service, who have, since the Dates of the abovementioned respective Orders in Council, taken, or who, during the Continuance of Hostilities against the said United Provinces and Spain respectively, shall take, any Fortress upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treasure, belonging to the State, or to any public Trading Company of the Enemies of the Crown of Great Britain, upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, or Merchandizes laden on Board the same, in any Creek, River, Haven, or Road, belonging to and defended by such Fortress upon the Land, shall have the Cole Interest and Property of and in all and every such Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandizes, and Treasure, Ships and Vessels, and Merchandizes laden on Board the lame, after final Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty, duly authorized as aforesaid, (which Courts are hereby required to proceed thereon as in other Cases of Prize,) to be distributed by his Majesty in such Proportions and Manner as hereinbefore is mentioned.

III. Provided always nevertheless. That in ail conjunct Expeditions of the Navy and Army against any such Fortress upon the Land, directed by Instructions from his Majesty, the Flag and General Officers and Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, acting in such conjunct Expedition, shall have such proportionable Interest and Property as his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, shall think fit to order and direct, in all and every the Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandizes, and Treasure, belonging to the State, or to any public Trading Company of the Enemies of the Crown of Great Britain,

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109. 631

which have been or shall be found in any such Fortress, or upon the Land, and also in all and every Ship and Ships, Vessel and Vessels, with their Arms, Ammunition, T ackle, Apparel, and Furniture, and all and every the Merchandizes and other Effects on Board, which shall be captured in any Road, Haven, River, or Creek, belonging to and defended by such Fortress, after final Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, with all their Furniture, T ackle, and Apparel, belonging to the United Provinces and the King of Spain* or their respective Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of their respective Territories, which have been taken since the said fifteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the said ninth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six respectively, or which shall be taken during the Continuance of Hostilities against Holland and Spain respectively, by or with the Ship or Vessel of any private Owner or Owners according to or under the Authority of any Commission or Letter of Marque, granted or to be granted in pursuance of this Act by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any four or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed, (being tirft finally adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's Plantations in America or elsewhere, which shall be duly authorized as aforesaid,) shall wholly and entirely belong to, and be divided between and among, the Owner and Owners of such Private Ship or Vessel, and the several Persons who shall have been on Board the same, and aiding and aflilting to the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions, Manner and F orm, as shall be agreed on with such Owner or Owners, his or their Agents or Factors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners and the Persons who shall be so entitled thereto by virtue of such Agreements among themselves; and that neither his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Admiral, Vice Admiral, Governor, or other Person commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, being the Captor of such Prize Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods,*and Merchandizes, and the Persons claiming under such Agreements, shall be entitled to any Part or Share thereof; any Law, LTage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Majesty's wavy, several rrovmons and Kcgmations were eitaDiiihcd for the oetter carrying on me n

Purposes by the said Act intended in the Prosecution of Hostilities against France \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Provisions and Regulations contained in the said recited Act relating to the Ships and Vessels, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treasure, belonging to France, or to any Subjects, or Public Trading Company of France, which shall be taken by the Ships or Vessels of War in his Majesty's Pay, or by^onjundt Expeditions of the Navy and Army, or relating to the Grant of Commissions, or Letters of Marque,'’to the Owners of private Ships and Vessels, the Persons acting, and the Captures made, under the Authority of such Commissions or Letters of Marque, and relating to the Payment of Bounty Money for taking, linking, burning, or otherwise destroying the Ships of War or Privateers belonging to the Enemy; and all other Clauses, Provisoes, Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things whatsoever contained in the said recited Act, (except so far as the same shall be altered or amended by this present Act,) shall extend, and be deemed, adjudged, and construed to extend, and are hereby declared to extend, to ail and every Ship and Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treasure, belonging to the United Provinces and the King of Spain respectively, or to any of their respective Subjects or Public Trading Companies, or to others inhabiting within any of their respective T erritories, which have been taken since the said fifteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the ninth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six respectively, or which, during the Continuance of Hostilities against the said United Provinces and Spain respectively, shall be taken by any Ships or Vessels of War in his Majesty's Pay, or by conjunct Expedi-

Marque; and also to the taking, linking, burning, or otherwise destroying the Ships of War and Privateers of the said United Provinces and King of Spain respectively, and shall be in force during the Continuance of such Hostilities last above mentioned, as fully, amply* and effectually, 10 all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Provisions, Regulations, Clauses, Provisoes, Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and T hings, had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Pre-emption or Refusal of all Ships or Vessels of War already taken, or which shall hereafter be taken, from any of his Majesty's Enemies, during the present Hostilities, with their Tackle, Furniture, and Stores, shall be offered and tendered to the Principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being, for and on Behalf of his Majesty; and that the Pre-emption or Refusal of the Guns, Arms, and Ordnance Stores, found on Board such Ships or Vessels, shall be offered and tendered to the Matter General and Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being, for and cn Behalf of h'ts Majesty; and in case the said Principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, and Master General and Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance respectively, shall think fit to purchase such Ships ci Vessels, Guns, Arms, and Ordnance Stores, or any of them, the same shall be paid for (on proper Title being

Vessels, &c. taken by Letters of Marque to Ic divided between the Owners and Captors as they shall agree.

Retaliations of 33 Geo. 3. c. 66-respetfing Vessds, &c- belonging to France, to extend to this Act, except where. hereby altered.

Pre-emption of Prize Ships to be offered to the Navy Hoard, and of Guns,

Jfec. to the OrcL-nance j and it rctufed, a Certificate to be granted to the Captors, which shall entitle the Vessel tc be

632

c.

1 09

tricesimo sept

A

considered as Britishi built, and the Captors to dispose of the Ships, &c.

Cap. 60.

Recital of 33 Geo. 3. cap. 66. §15. respecting Letters of. Marque.

Admiralty may grant Letter s of Marque under this Act, for Vessels having

them under recited Act, upon Production of an authentic Copy of Certificates of Re-girtry, &c.

being made thereto) by Bills or Debentures, in the Course of the Navy and Ordnance respectively, according to such Valuation as they the said Principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, and-Matter General and Principal Officers of the Ordnance reflectively, shall adjudge to be fair and reasonable: But if within six Weeks after such respective Tenders, in case such Ship or Veliei shall be brought into any Port of this Kingdom, and within a reasonable Time after such respective Tenders, in calc such Ship or VriTei shall be carried into any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, the said Principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, and Matter General and Principal Officers of the Ordnance respectively, shall refuse to purchase, contraSt, or bargain for, such Ships or Vessels, Guns, Arms, and Ordnance Stores, or any of them, then, and in such Case, they the said Principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy,-and Matter General and Principal Officers of the Ordnance, or any three or more of them respectively, shall give a Certificate of such Tender and Refusal under their Hands, to the Captor or Captors of such Ship or Vessel, Guns, Arms, and Ordnance Stores, or to their Agent or Agents, which Certificate, as to the Tender and Refusal of such Ship or Vessel, shall be deemed a necessary Document, (over and besides what is already required by Law,) to entitle such Ship or Vessel to be considered as a British-buWt Ship or Vessel, and shall be produced to the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs, before the Captor or Captors, or their Agents, shall obtain such Certificate of the Registry thereof, as is directed, with re (bed to Ships or Vessels condemned as Prize, by an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and which Certificate, as to fuel) Guns, Arms, and Ordnance Stores, shall be deemed a necessary Document to entitle such Captors, pr their Agents, to sell and dispose thereof to any other Person or Pei foils; any Thing in the said recited Act, made in the twenty-sixth and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in this present Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas, by the said recited Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is enacted, that all and every Person or Persons who shall apply to the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral o^ Great Britain, for the Time being, in order to € obtain any Commission or Letter of Marque, shall make every such Application in Writing, and therein set forth an exact Description of the Ship or Vessel for which such Commission or Letter of Marque.is requested,

specifying the Name and Burden of such Ship or Vessel, and other Particulars therein mentioned; and that every Commander of a Private Ship or Vessel of War, for which a Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted in pursuance of the said Act, shall produce such Commission or Letter of Marque to the Collector, Customer, or Searcher, for the Time being, of his Majesty's Custome, residing at or belonging to the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be first fitted out, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer, or Searcher; which said Collector, Customer, or Searcher, is thereby di- reded to examine such Ship or Vessel; and if the same shall1 be found to be of such Budt and Burthen, and to be manned and armed according to the Tenor of the Defection infer ted in such Commission or Letter of Marque, to give a Certificate thereof in riting to such Commander, which Certificate shall be deemed 4 a necessary Clearance before such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to fail from that Port; and it is also by the said recited*Ad provided that the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel so to be certified shall be ascertained by the Certificate of Registry granted for such Ship or Vessel under and pursuant to the D:redions of the before-mentioned Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which Certificate shall be produced to the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, before the issuing of any Commission or Letter of Marque for such Ship or Vessel: And whereas it may be expedient in certain Cases to dispense with the Production to the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Higi Admiral of Great Britain, 4 of the original Certificate of Registry granted under the before-mentioned Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, previous to the issuing of a Commission or Letter of Marque under the Provi lions of thi^ Acthe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, on the Application of any Person or Persons for a Commission or Letter of Marque to be granted for any Ship or Veliei in pursuance of this Act, that a Commission or Letter of Marque hath been al eady granted for such Ship or Vessel in pursuance of the said former Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and that such Ship or Vessel hath cleared out of Port conformably to the above recited Provisions contained in the said former Act, and that no Opportunity hath since occurred during the Time of such Ship or Vessel being in any Port of this Kingdom, for the Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or their Agents, to obtain a Commission or Letter of Marque for such Ship or Vessel in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, to order a Commission or Letter of Marque to be ifllied under the Provisions of this Act, for any such Ship or Vessel, upon the Production to the.11 of an authentic Copy of the before-mentioned Certificate of Reg’ftry under the Hand of the Collector, Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Cuttoins; and that no Commander of any Ship or Vessel, for which such Commission or Letter of Marque shall have been so issued as last-mentioned, shall, by reason of his Departure with his Ship or Vessel from his Port of Cleara ce before such Commission or Letter of Marque hath been obtained, be fuojed or liable to any Penalty or Punishment whatsoever, nor shall such Commission or Letter of Marque by reason thereof be rendered null a d voul; any Thing in the said former Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in this Act, contained to the conti ary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 10.91

VIII. And whereas the Commanders of Ships and Vessels,'having Commissions or Letters of Marque, 4 are directed and enjoined by their Commissions, and the printed Instructions accompanying the same, to transmit Accounts of their Proceedings, and the Captures by them made, and of other Particulars therein mentioned, from Time to Time, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or their Secretary, and to keep a Correspondence with them by all Opportunities that shall present: And whereas such Diregions and Injunctions have been very much, if not totally, disregarded on the Part of Commanders of Ships and Vessels having Commissions and Letters

iptain, Master,

Commander, or Commanding Officer for the Time being, of every Ship or Vessel having a Commission or

33

Letter of Marque for Reprizals against any of his Majesty's Enemies during the present Hostilities, shall, during every Voyage or Cruize to be taken by such Ship or Vessel after the passing of this Act, keep a regular Journal, containing a true and exact Account of his Daily Transactions and Proceedings with such Ship or Vessel, and the Cncw thereof, the Ports or Places he shall put into, or cast Anchor at, the Time of his Stay there, and the Cause thereof, the Prizes he shall take, the Nature and probable Value of such Prizes, the Times and Places when and where taken, and how and in what Manner he shall dispose of the same, the Ships or Vessels he shall fall in with the Times and Places when and where he shall meet with them, and his Observations and Remarks thereon; also of whatever else shall occur to him, or any of his Officers or Mariners, or to be discovered or found out by Examination or Conference with any Mariners or Passengers of or in any other Ships or Vessels, or by any other Ways or Means whatsoever touching or concerning the Fleets, Vessels, and Forces of the Enemy, their Ports and Places of Station and Destina-tion. Strength, Numbers, Intents, and Designs; and such Captain, Master, Commander, or Commanding Officer for the Time being, shall immediately on his Arrival in any Port of this Kingdom, or of any o^er his Majesty's Dominions, from or during the Continuance of any Voyage or Cruize undertaken after the passing of this Act, produce his Commission for such Ship or Vessel, and deliver up such Journal so kept as aforesaid, signed with his proper Name and Hand Writing, to the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officers of the Customs, at or nearest to such Port, the Truth of which Journal shall be verified by the Oath of such Captain, Master, Commander, or Commanding Officer for the Time bfing, before such Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer; (which Oath the said Collector, Comptroller, or officr Chief Officer, is hereby authorized and required to administer ;) and such Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer, shall immediately, on the said Arrival of such Ship or Vessel, order the Tide Surveyor, or other Water Guard Officer, to go on Board such Ship or Vessel, and muster and take an Account of her Officers and Men, and also of the Number and Nature of the Guns, and whatever else shall occur to him, on such Examination, material to be known by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being; the Particulars of all which, such Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer, shall forthwith transmit to the said Commissioners, or their Secretary for the Time being, together with such Journal so as aforesaid delivered up for the Information of the said Commissioners; and that no Ship or Vessel, having such Commission or Letter of Marque, shall be permitted to fail out of Port again after such her Arrival until such Journal shall have been delivered up as aforesaid, and until such Captain, Master, Commander, or Commanding Officer, shall hatfe obtained a Certificate under the Hand of such Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, that such Ship or Vessel is manned and armed according to the Tenor and Description inscribed in such, Commission or Letter of Marque as aforesaid, which Certificate such Collector, Comptroller, or other Officer of the Customs, is hereby authorized and required to give gratis, in case such Ship or Vessel shall be found to be manned and armed conformably to such Description as above mentioned, and on the Delivery of which Certificate, the former Certificate of the like Nature which shall have been granted in respect of such Ship or Vessel, shall be given up to the said Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs; and if any Collector, Comptroller, or other Officer of the Customs, shall wilfully and knowingly grant any false or fraudulent Certificate for any such Ship or Vessel, he shall, for such Offence, forfeit his said Office, and be for ever incapable of holding any Office under Government, and shall also forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be lecovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt* Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety, of the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer for the Time being of the Corporation for the Support of the lick, m?imed, and disabled Seamen, ard of the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, (lam, or drowned, in the Service of the Merchants, for tr.e Ule of such Corporation or where such Forfeiture shall be incurred in aoy of the Out Ports in which a Corporation is established for the Purposes aforesaid, then one Moiety of such Penalty shall be paid 10 the Trustees for the Use of the Corporation loto be established.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Author it y aforesaid, That in case any such Ship or Vessel so having a Commission or Letter of Marque, shall, in the Cuurfe ot her Voyage or Cruize, meet or fall in with any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or Ships or Vessels in the Service of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excile, the Captain, Master, Commander, or Commanding Officer of such Ship or Vessel having such Commission or Letter of Marque, fhMl and is hereby required to produce to the Captain or other Officer commanding such Ship or Vessel of War, or Revenue Ship or Vessel, the said Journal, so to be kept as aforesaid, and also ins Commission lor such Ship or Vessel, and the Certificate given by the Collector; Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port from whence the shall have iait failed, of

37 Gfctf. III. 4 N her

The Commander of every

Vessel having a, Let ter of Marque to keep a Jour, nal containing certain Particulars, and on his Arrival at any Port, to deliver up the same to the Chief Of. ficer of the Cuf-totns, who shall have the Crew muttered, &c. and transmit the Particulars, with the Journal, to the Admiralty.

No Letter of Marque to leave the Port till the Journal shall have been dc. livered, and a Certificate obtained that it is manned and armed agrie-ably to the Commission.

Officers giving false Cert ft. cates, to forfeit their Office, and icol.

Application of the Forfeiture,

Rules to be oS-f.'i'ved by Captains of Letters of Marque on meeting Ships ol War or of the Revenue,-

Captains of the King’s Vessels to make a Memorandum of Production of Journals therein; as shall likewise British Consuls at Foreign Ports.

Such Captains and British Consuls at Foreign Ports, to mutter the Crew, &c. of Letters of Marque.

Penalty on Captains for not keeping a Journal, making false Entries, or false Oath, or not observing any of the foregoing Rules j 5001, and Pu-nisome nt as Perjury.

Penalty on Commanders of Merchant Ships under Convoy for not obeying Signals, &c. not exceeding 5001. and one Year's Imprisonment.

*9 Cco 3* c. 67.

C. log. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

her being manned and armed agreeably to the Description above mentioned; and such Captain or Officer commanding such Ship or Vessel of War, or Revenue Ship or VefTd, shall and is hereby required to make a Memorandum in such Journal of the Day on which it was so produced to him, and shall subscribe his Name to such Memorandum; and in case such Ship or Vessel, on Board which such Journal is required to be kept as aforesaid, shall put into a Foreign Port where there is a British Consul, or other Chief British Officer, the Captain, Master, Commander, or Commanding Officer of such Ship or Vessel so having a Commission or Letter of Marque, shall and is hereby required to produce such Journal, and also his Commission, and the Certificate above mentioned, to such British Consul, or other Chief British Officer, who shall and is hereby required also to make a Memorandum in fifeh Journal of the Day on which it was so produced to him, and shall, in like Manner, subscribe the same; and such Captain or Officer commanding such Ship or Vessel of War, or Revenue Ship or Vessel, and such British Consul, or other Chief British Officer at such Foreign Port respectively, shall and may, by themselves, or any Person or Persons authorized or deputed by them, go on Board such Ship or Vessel lb having a Commission or Letter of Marque, and mutter the Officers and Crew thereof, and examine the Guns,.Arms, and Ammunition, on Board the same, and if the same shall not correspond with the Commission and Certificate above mentioned respectively, such Captain or Officer, or British Consul, or other Chief British Officer, shall forthwith so communicate the same to the Secretary for the Time being to the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Information of the said Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Captain, Master, Commander, or

Commanding Officer of any such Ship or Vessel so having a Commission or Letter of Marque as aforesaid, shall neglect or omit to keep such Journal in Manner aforesaid, or shall wilfully make, or cause or procure to be made, any false or fraudulent Entries therein, or wilfully neglect to make, or fubdudf, expunge, obliterate, or erase when made, any material Transaction or Occurrence relative to the Proceedings of such Ship or Vessel wherein his Majesty's Interest is in any Manner concerned, or shall refuse to produce to the Captain or other Officer commanding any Ship or Vessel of War, or Revenue Ship or Vessel, which he shall meet or fall in with in the Course of his Voyage or Cruize, or to the British Consul, or Chief British Officer at such Foreign Port, such Journal so to be kept as aforesaid, or the Commission for such Ship or Vessel, or the Certificate of the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port from whence he shall have last failed as aforesaid, or shall refuse to permit such Captain or Officer commanding such Ship or Vessel of War, or Revenue Ship or Vessel, or such British Consul, or Chief British Officer at such Foreign Port, or the Person or Persons by them respectively authorized for that Purpose, to come on Board such Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of muttering her Officers and Crew, and examining her Guns, Arms, and Ammunition, or shall, after his Arrival in any Port as aforesaid, fail out again without having delivered, upon Oath, such journal so kept and signed as aforesaid, and without having produced his Commission for such Ship or Vessel, and obtained such Certificate from the Collector, Comptroller, or Chief Officer of the Customs, as before mentioned, and also delivered up to him the Certificate which shall have been before granted in respect of such Ship or Vessel; then, and in either of the said cases, the Commission or Commissions, and Letter or Letters of Marque, granted for such Ship or Vessel, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and such Captain, Master, Commander, or Commanding Officer, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Use of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and the other Moiety, together with full Costs of Suit, to the Use of such Ptfrfon as shall discover and sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and moreover, in case any Captain, Master, Commander, or Commanding Officer, shall take a false Oath on delivering up such Journal as aforesaid, he shall, on Conviction thereof, incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury; and in case any of the Offences above mentioned shall be committed out of this Realm, the same may be alleged to have been committed, and may be laid, inquired of, tried, and determined in any County in England, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been actually done or committed within the Body of such County.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Captain, Master, acting Owner, or

other Person having the Command of any Merchant Ship under Convoy, shall wilfully disobey Signals or Instructions, or any other lawful Commands of the Commander of the Convoy," or shall desert the Convoy, without Notice given, and Leave obtained for that Purpose, he shall be liable to be articled against in the Court of Instance in the High Court of Admiralty, at the Suit of the King in his Office of Admiralty, for Disobedience to the Orders of the Convoy, and, upon Conviction thereof, shall be fined, at the Discretion of the said Court, in any Sum not exceeding five hundred Pounds, and shall suffer such Imprisonment, not exceeding one Year, as the said Court shall adjudge. '1*

XII. And whereas by an Act, made and passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Kavy, it is enacted, that the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, should have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandizes, which they had taken since the twenty-ninth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or should thereafter take, during the Continuance of Iioftilities against France, (being first finally adjudged lawful Prize,) to be di- vided in such Proportions, and after such Manner as in his Majesty's Proclamation therein mentioned was

6 4 directed.

A.D. 1797.

tricesimo sept

c

635

directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, should diie& by Proclamation or Proclamations thereafter to be issued; and it is by the said Act directed, that after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, public Notification should be given by the Agents appointed for the Receipt and Distribution of Prize and Bounty Money as therein mentioned, for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captois, in the Manner therein particularly set forth; after which Notification, if any Man’s Share should remain in the Hands of the Agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such Men as should be run from his Majesty's Service, or which should not be demanded within three Years, then such Share or Shares so remaining in the Agents Hands, or belonging to such Men as should run from his Majesty's Service, should go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital:

And whereas by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An io Geo. 3.C *j. Adjg* amend an Act, made in the loft Session of Parliament, intituled,

Act for the Encouragment of

« 9 f

" Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majestys Navy* and for making further P rev if ions for those Purposes" and by another Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his faii present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Navy^ it was enacted, that the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, 4 Marines, and Soldiers, on Board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, should have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandizes, which they had taken since the respective Days in the said Acts respectively mentioned, or should thereafter take during the Continuance of Hostilities against Spain and the United Provinces respectively, (being adjudged lawful 6 Prize,) to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty had, by his several Pro- clamations in the said Acts respectively mentioned, directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, 1 should think fit to order and direct by Proclamation or Proclamations thereafter to be issued for those Pur-

li Oco, 3. c. 15.

and

35 Geo. 3. c.xix. rcoud,

sent

44

couragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Navy, and for making

further Provisions for those Purposes and also an Act made in the twenty-fir]} Year of the Reign of his prg-it Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Navy;" and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for his Majesty's Navy \ after reciting the first-mentioned Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and that by the two last mentioned Acts of the twentieth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, certain Provisions were made for the Distribution and Payment of Prize and Bounty Money to arise from Spanish and Dutch Ships and Vessels to be captured by such Ships and Vessels as should be commissioned by Letters of Marque; but that no sufficient Provisions or Regulations were contained in the two last mentioned Acts receding such Spanish and Dutch Ships and Vessels as should be captured by his Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War; it was therefsre enacted, that all the Provisions and Regulations in the said two last mentioned Acts should extend to all such Spanift) and Dutch Prizes as were made by any of his

/" 1 i£ the He i / mm

should incur or be pleadable in bar of the Demands which might thereafter be made by the Commissioners

Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War during the Hostilities therein mentioned, and that no Lapse of Time

and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, under and by virtue of the said Acts as thereby amended, but from the passing of that Ad: And whereas, during the Continuance of the Hostilities mentioned in the three several first above recited Acts, divers Ships and Vessels, Goods, Merchandizes, Treasure, and Effects, of great Value, were captured by the conjoint Operation of his Majesty's Sea and Land Forces, and after final Condemnation as Prize, the Proceeds thereof were paid to the Agents for the Captors, to be distributed in such Proportions as were established in the Navy for the Distribution of Prizes, or as his Majesty should think proper to direct: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Shares belonging to such Men as should be run from his Majesty's Sea Service, or which should not be demanded within three Years, of and in such Proportions of the Proceeds last mentioned as were allotted to the Sea Forces employed in different Captures, should go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, in the same Manner as the like Shares of the Proceeds of Prizes taken by his Majesty's Sea Forces alone are, by the said first recited Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and by the said two«subsequent Acts of the twentieth and twenty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, as amended

r r 1 w

Men as shall be run from his Majesty's Sea Service of and in all such Parts and Proportions of the Proceeds

4 by the said last recited Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, directed to be paid To obviate which Doubts, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Shares belonging to such

of the Ships, Vessels, Treasure, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Effects, taken during the Hostilities mentioned in the said three first above recited Acts, by the conjoint Operation of his Majesty's Sea and Land Forces, as shall have been decreed, granted, or allotted, to his Majesty's Sea F’orces, employed in making Capture thereof, and also all such Shares of and in the said Parts and Proportions of the said Proceeds as have not been, or shall not be, demanded within three Years from the Times of the respective Notification of Distribution thereof, shall go and be paid to the Treasurer of the said Hospital at Greenwich, for the Use of the said Hospital; and that all and Angular the Provisions and Regulations, Clauses, Provisoes, Rtflridions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and T hings whatsoever, contained in the said recited Act < f the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to thy Notification of Payment and D ftnbution of the Proceeds of Prizes taken by his Majesty's Ships of War, and to the making up the Accounts thereof, and also to the Payment of the Shares of run Men and unclaimed Shares of such Proceeds to

Shares of Prize* taken during the Hostilities, mentioned in the three first recited Acts, jointly by the Sea and Land Forces, belonging to Sailors who have run, and Shares not demanded within three Years from Notification of Distribution,

636

c

tricesimo sept

A.D. 1797.

to be paid for the Use of Greenwich Hospital,

Sc c.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costs,

Continuance of Act.]

and to the Use of the said Hospital at Greenwich, shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend, to all such Parts and Proportions of the Proceeds of Prizes taken during the Hostilities last above mentioned by the conjoint Operation of his Majesty's Sea and Land Forces, as shall have been so decreed, granted, or allotted to his Majesty's Sea Forces, as aforesaid; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought

or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within two Years next after the Matter or Thing done, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any T rial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by Authority of this Act; and if afterwards a Verdict shall-pate for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs., < * KEKuEfl

r 9

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force during the present Hostilities with France, the United Provinces, and Spain respectively, (as far as the Matters and Things herein contained relate to or concern the said Hostilities respectively,) and no longer; save and except all such Matters and Things as shall be depending In Judgment in the High Court of Admiralty, or other Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Dominions abroad, or Court of Appeal, or in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or the Plantations, in consequence of the Capture or Captures made during the present Hostilities, or of any Offence committed contrary to this Act; in respect whereof this Act shall continue in full Force until such Matters, and every Thing dependent thereupon, shall be finally adjudged and determined.

Cap. cx. ,:r I

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Customs on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise; and on Pepper to be used and consumed in this Kingdom.

[19th July 1797.]

4 Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Duties of Customs herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the eighteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Duties payable by Law, the following additional Duties of Customs, in ready Money, without any Discount or Abatement whatever; that is to say, For every Pound Weight of Pepper which shall have been, or shall be, lodged or secured in any Warehouse in this Kingdom, under his Majesty's Locks, an additional Duty of Threepence; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity: Which said Duty shall be paid to the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs, before any such Pepper shall be delivered out of or from any such Warehouse; in order to be used or consumed in this Kingdom., ! f H

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, colle<£led, and paid, unto and for the LYe of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of Customs, at and after the R ite of five Pounds per Centum, upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Duties of Customs payable by Law, for and upon any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be imported into, exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain, except as herein after is excepted: Provided always, that toms upon ccr- the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum, hereinbefore granted, shall not be charged or paid for 8r on Ac-tam Goods im- count of any Prize Goods which shall be warehoused in this Kingdom, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parlia-ported, export- ment macje for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing Prize l<, or came Goods in this Kingdom, unless and until such Goods shall be taken out of, or delivered from, such Ware-

houses, to be used or consumed in this Kingdom; in which Case, and before any Prize Goods now warehoused, or hereafter to be warehoused, shall be so taken out of, or delivered from, such Warehouses, the Duty of five Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount of the respective Duties of Customs, payable by Law on any such Goods so taken out of, or delivered from, such Warehouses, shall be first paid to the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs: Provided also, that the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum hereinbefore granted, shall not be charged or paid on the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs payable, on the Importation into Great Britaiyof any Tea, Sugar, Wine, Tobacco, Ordinary Oil of Olives, or Caliicoes, nor on the Produce and Amount of the additional Duties of Customs of five Pounds and of ten Pounds per Centum granted by an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, (amongst other Things,) for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain.

Duties of Customs of 5 L and 101. per Cent, granted by Cap. 15.0! tius Session*. Ill, And

9 B BHIT

An additional Duty of 3d. on every lb. of warehoused

Pepptr delivered for Home Consumption.

An additional Duty of 5 I. per Cent, to lie paid upon the Amount of the Duties of Cuf-

Coastwise.

On Prize Goods

warehoused. the additional Duty not to be paid till delivered

out for Horue Consumption.

Additional Duty not to be charged on Tea, Scz. imported, nor on the additional

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. no, ill.

III. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties respectively imposed by this Act upon Pepper Additional Duty to be used in this Kingdom, shall be also subject and liable to an additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum ?n FcFPcr thereon, in the same Manner and under the same Regulations as the said Duty was imposed by the Act of 3*° t,:caddl-Parliartient pahed in this present Session before-mentioned, and shall also be subject and liable to the addi- r^per Cent?

tional Duty of five Pounds per Centum granted by this present Act. before granted this Session, and to the 5l. per Cent, hereby granted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act granted as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners ^Hof Customs England and Scotland respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Customs granted by this Act shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collcded, answered, paid, and recovered, in such and the like Manner, and in and by any and either of the Ways, Means, or Methods by which the Duties of Customs imposed on the like Goods by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (amongst other Things,) for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered", paid, and recovered; and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so by this Act respectively made chargeable with Duties of Customs, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were subject and liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs hereby respectively charged, (as far as the same are applicable thereto,) in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several new and

additional Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money, so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Con-so 1 dated Fund.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue (or the Purpose of defraying the in-Creased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue lo be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, diflindly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties and paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted, or to be granted, in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such ini'real'ed Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

Duties to be managetfas the Duties imposed on like Goods by 17 Geo. 3. c. 13.; and the Acts in force at. passing this Act to extend thereto.

Duties to be carried to tht Con fell dated Fund.

Application of Duties, which, for 10 Years, are, with others granted for the same Purpose, to be kept separate from all other Monies.

KBBfV \ cap. cxr.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Stamp Duty on Deeds.

* \ f 19th July 1797.]

Most gracious Sovereign, -

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

V V assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and

making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and

grant unto your Majesty the Duty herein after mentioned; and do most humbly befcecl? your Majesty

that it may be enacted;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected> and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon every Deed which shall be made after the first Day of Augiefl one thousand Even hundred and ninety-seven, an additional Stamp Duty often Shillings, which Duty shall be paid over and above all Duties now payable on the Stamped Vellum and Paper, whereon such Deed shall be engrossed,

written, or printed. -

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Aift contained shall be construed to extend to charge any

Bond or Letter of Attorney with the Duty hereby imposed; nor any Deed whatever, executed by any Party, W* v or

f See ante,

Cap. 90; and fest. CAp. 13#.J

For every Dei d

made after Aug. i, 1797, an act-dition.il Duty of ion. to b? paid.

Act not to extend to I oiids or Letters of

Attorney, &c.

638

Nor to certain Indenture* of Apprenticiship, etc ci tain Lc ill *.

Hmy to be un-dvrthe Management of the

Commissioner* o# Stands.

rcrfor.s for^inj, *Vc. Stamps, to If guilty of Felony v.’ithout Benefit of

(Jknjy.

Pewers of former Acts relating to Stamps (except as herein after mentioned) to extend to this Act.

No Deed good, unless properly

- Humped.

On Payment of Duty within a limited Time, Deeds may he stampt with the additional Stamp, &c.

Deeds not fub-jcfbto be rtampt on more than one Skin with the additional Stamp, &c.

Sec Cap. 90.

Vellum, teC. may be brought to the Head Office to be flanipt with the additional Duty before engrolTtd, Itc- and Deeds cn t he former Stamps may be

C. nii Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

or any one or more of the Parties thereto, and bearing Date before the first Day of dugujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven. '

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothin? in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Indenture of Apprenticed! ip, where a Sum or value not exceeding ten Pounds shall be given or contra£ed with or in relation to the Apprentice; nor, to any Lease of Lands or Tenements, for a Term not exceeding twenty-one Years, the full improved annual Value whereof, and Rent reserved thereby, shall not be more than ten Pounds; nor to any Lease for Lives, or for Years determinable on Lives, where the Fine or Consideration shall not exceed tweqjy Pounds, and the Rent reserved shall not exceed forty Shillings; any Thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and paying,

the said Duty hereinbefore granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as shall be necessary; and whenever they fee Occasion, to use such Stamps as shall have been provided to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or to cause such new Marks or Stamps to be provided to denote the said Duty as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to repair, renew, and alter, the lame from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion, and do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the Duty hereinbefore granted, in the like, and in as full ami ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper. I

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or cause and procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duty by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty, or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with such counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeit; or if any Person (Hall fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark directet} or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, (except such Acts as are herein after mentioned,) shall be in full Force and Effect with relation to the Duty hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said new Duty hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same (except as herein after mentioned) had severally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said Duty hereby imposed.

VJX. And be it further enacted, That no Deed shall be pleaded or given in Evidence, or be good, useful, or available, in any Manner whatever, unless the same shall be stamped as required by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, upon Payment within the Time and in the Manner herein after mentioned of the Duty hereby imposed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Officers appointed for such Purpose, to stamp any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or any Skin, Sheet, or Piece thereof, on which any such Deed or any Part thereof shall have been engrossed, printed, or written, with the additional Stamp provided or directed to be used by virtue of this Act; and also, on Payment of the like Duty* to (lamp any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which any Deed, or any Part thereof, shall be intended to be engrossed, printed, or written, with the said additional Stamp; and no Person shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for stamping or causing to be stamped with such additional Stamp as aforesaid, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which any such Deed hath been engrossed, printed, or written, or for engrossing, printing, or writing, any Deed upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, before the same shall be stamped with the additional Stamp to be provided according to the Directions of this Act; nor shall any Deed be subject or liable, by virtue of this Act, to the Payment of any greater Duty than the Sum before mentioned, or to be stamped on more than one Skin, Sheet, or Piece thereof, with the said additional Stamp, or to be stamped with more than one such Stamp as aforesaid; nor shall the Duty by this Act imposed be liable to the Regulations of any Act or Acts of the present Session of Parliament*, respecting the stamping of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, according to the Number of common Law Sheets engrossed, printed, or written thereon; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to bring or fend any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which any Deed or any Part thereof is intended to be engrossed, printed, or written, to the Head Office of Stamps, or Officer to be appointed by the said Commissioners, to be stamped with the additional Stamp as aforesaid, before the same shall be so engrossed, printed, or written; or to bring or fend as aforesaid any Deed which shall have been engrossed, printed, or written, on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped according to the Laws in Force for stamping Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to be stamped on any Skin, Sheet, or Piece thereof, with the said additional Stamp, within the Space of sixty Dajs after the Date thereof; and tire said Commissioners, or their Officers, are hereby respectively required,

on

on

in

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. nr, 112.

on Payment of the Duty hereby imposed, to cause such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or such Deed, so brought or sent within the Time aforesaid, to be stamped according to the Directions of this Act, which Stamp shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Duty hereby granted on such Deed,

X. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, which shall be to be stamped with the said additional Stamp, before any Deed or any Part thereof shall be engrossed, written, or printed there-—shall be brought for such Purpose, and the Duty for the same shall be paid at the said Head Office; and

____afe any Deed shall, within sixty Days after the Date thereof, be brought to the said Head Office to be

damped as aforesaid, then the same shall forthwith, on Payment of the said Duty, be damped with the said’ additional Stamp; and in case any Deed shall, within the Time aforesaid, be brought, and the Duty for the same be paid at any other Office, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, the Officer at such Office is hereby required to indorse on such Deed a Receipt for the Duty so paid, in Words at Length, bearing Date on the Day on which such Payment shall be made, and to subscribe his Name thereto, and enter an Account thereof, in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and forthwith to deliver back the said Deed to the Bringer thereof; and every such Deed, on being brought to the said Head Office, shall be forthwith stamped with the said additional Stamp, by the Officer to be appointed for that Purpose: Provided always, that if the Duty for any such Deed shall not be paid within the said Period of sixty Days before-mentioned, it shall nevertheless be lawful to bring or fend such Deed to the said Head Office to be stamped as aforesaid, at any Time after the Expiration of the said sixty Days from the Date thereof, and it (half be lawful to (lamp any such Deed so brought or sent after the Expiration of the said sixty Days, on Payment of the Duty hereby imposed, and the further Sum of ten Pounds by Way of Penalty, for omitting to pay the said Duty within the Period before mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the said Duty hereby imposed, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Consolidated Fund.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the said Duty by this Act imposed, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge-occasioned by any Loan raised or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament, and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be kept and provided in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty and paid into the said Receipt shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted or to be granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

6-59

brought within

60 Days after their Date to be so stampt.

Vellum, &c. to fce brought to the Head Office to be stampt with the additional Duty; and Deeds may within 60 Day* after the Dare be there so stampt; and if the Duty be paid at any other Office, the Officer to indorse a Receipt on the Deed, &c.

If the Duty be not paid within 60 Days, the Deed may be

ment of the Duty and 101. Penalty/

Duty to be car. ried to the Consolidated Fund.

Appropriation:

of the Duty, which for 10 Years shall, with other Duties granted for the same Fur— pose, be kept separate from other Monies.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

[19th July 1797.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the great Prejudice and Detriment which Acts of Insolvency produce to Trade and Credit, it may be convenient, in the present Condition of the Prisons and Gaols in this Kingdom, that some of the Prisoners who are now confined therein should be set at Liberty: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, in any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, shall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect List, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons, who, upon the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, was or were, or at any Time since have been, under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the Time of making out every such List shall be, really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, of any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money; and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained; and shall deliver the same to the Justices of the Peace, at their first or second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, to be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, City, Division, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison, and every other Keeper and Gaoler of any other Prison in any Place or Liberty, shall severally, on the delivering in or any such List of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath, in the open Court of such General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the Lffcdi following; (that is to say,)

Gaolers te make

out Lifts ol PrU (oners who, on Jan. 1, 1797,of lincc, and at the ime of making them out, were in Custody for Debt.

Lifts to be delivered to the Qn arccr St (Ron.

Warden or the Fleet, &c. to take an Oath on delivering in

Lifts.

‘I J. B.

640

Oath,

Oath to be ad-niiniftcred in open Court, and entered at the End of the Lift.

Lift to be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, and may be examined gratis.

Three Copies of Lifts to be fixed of in, and at the Door of, each Prison 10 Days before the Station.

Prisoners, on Jan. 1, 1797, for Debts not exceeding i,2ool. conforming to this Act, to be discharged.

Justices, on Petitions of Prisoners, delivering Schedules of their Estates, may issue War rants for bringing them to the Quarter Session,

4c«

Schedules to remain with the Clerk of the Peace for In-speftion.

C. i

12.

or gaoler?, or any rruon or oaol, ts ancJ are hereby required, ten lvays at leair before the nrit c General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace shall be held after the passing or this A County, Riding, City, Division, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which any Prison or G<;ul (shall be,

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

c J rf. B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and de clare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted and contained in the first Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and fu Tcribed, was or were, to the brft of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the Prison of [insert the Name of the Prison]* at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or are inferred or contained in the second Part of the said Lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, fine* the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, been committed or surrendered to the said Prison [insert the Name of the Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein -reflectively mentioned; and that the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are therein contained, >s and were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody on the said first Day of January, as appears by the Re- turns made to me on his and their respective Commitments.' So help me GO D.'

Which the said Justices, at their first or second General Quarter Session or General Session aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Words of the said Oath, herein before dbected to be taken by the said Warden and Marshal respectively, and other Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and (worn 10 by them relpciftively in open Court; and every such List which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer a£hng as Clerk of the Peace of every such C< unty, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respcdhvely, in which any such List as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices, and Information of ail or any Prisoner or Prisoners therein named, and so as the same may, from Time to Time, be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward. * I IJ 1, Wi

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Keepei^or Gaoler, Keepers

or Gaolers, of any Prison or Gaol, is and are hereby required, ten Days at lead before the first or second " Act for the

or which the same shall belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous Place or Places in every (ucn Prison or Gaol, and at the must frequented and usual Gate, Door, or Entrance, into every such Prison or Gaol, three or more true Copies of the List or Lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Keeper or Gaoler at the said' General Quarter Sessions, or at foine Adjournment thereof

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, were charged in any Prison or Gaol for the Non*payment of any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, which did not in the Whole amount to a greater Sum than one thousand two hundred Pounds, and whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such List to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the Oaths hereby directed to be taken, and shall person on his or her Part what is required to be done by him or her by this Act, shall be for ever released, discharged, and exonerated, in such Manner as is hereinafter provided.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and, at the Time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace so petitioned, a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at the first or second General Quarter Session next ensuing aster every such Petition, or some Adjournment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prison, within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the first or second next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held, as the Case shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainer, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes which he, she, or they is or are charged with in any Prison or Gaol as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid; for which Copy or Copies of Cause or Causes, such Prisoner shall apply to the said Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison, or to the Clerk of the Papers, or other Person who shall make out and transcribe the same, at least six Days before the Time of his or her Appearance; which Warrant of every Justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Copy of every such Schedule which shall be left or delivered in as aforesaid, shall be and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Cleric, or ether Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be mfpeded, from Time to Time, as (Jccaflon shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the same.

t

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor and Debtors who shall intend to apply to be difenatged and exonerated under this Ai\ as aforesaid, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in three several London Gazettes^ previous to such General or Quarter Session or General Session, or the Adjournment thereof, at which such Application shall be made* and if such Debtor shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of London., or the Weekly Hills of Mortality, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Divisiop, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, 111 the Gaol whereof he or she shall be so in Custody, containing the Name, Trade, Occupation, and Description, and the two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every, such Debtor and Debtors, and the Prison wherein he, she, or they is or are confined, and of his, her, or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning such Notice ii) such Gazette or Newspaper to be the first, second, or third Notice, according to the Time of publishing each of such Notices; for the inserting each of the said Notices in the London Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there shall be paid each 'rime by every Prisoner the Sum of Four-pence and no more, the first of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette and in the said other Newspapers, as the Case may require, twenty-one Days at the least, and the last of the said Notices six Days at the least, before any such first or second General Quarter Session or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such Debtor or Debtors in Execution, or on Mesne Process, or other wise, may have sufficient Notice thereof. '

VIII. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and sufficient Time to consider the Matters and Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors;* be it further enacted, That every such Debtor, when he or she shall (according to the Directions of this Actj publish the first Notice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, he or she shall, in such Notice, declare that the Schedule containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate (to be sworn to in Manner as by this Ack is directed) is lodged in the Hands of the Keeper or Gaoler, or the Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler, of the Prison wherein any such Debtor shall be confined, and every such Debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy, as the Case may be, before he shall publish such first Notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own Christian and Surname, to be attested by any such Keeper, Gaoler, or Deputy; and in cale any Debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such Schedule to such Keeper, Gaoler, or Deputy, prior to such his first Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she, upon due Proof made of such Neglectt, to the Satisfaction of the Court to which such Debtor shall make Application,' shall be remanded back to Prison, there to remain until he or she shall have complied With the Directions aforesaid; and every such Keeper, Gaoler, or Deputy, is hereby directed and required to attest the Signature of the Debtor’s Name to such Schedule, and to receive the same into his Custody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every such Debtor, with an Acknowledgment of his having received the Original; and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himself, upon Request made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose, in Writing, such Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himself, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same, within three Days after Demand made; and if any such Keeper, Gaoler, or Deputy, shall neglect or refuse to conform to the Directions hereby given him respecting such Schedule, every such Keeper, Gaoler, or Deputy, so offending, shall pay the Sum of twenty Pounds to any Person who shall fuc for and recover theiame, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by every Debtor, in Manner directed by this Act, shall be to the Effect following; that is to fag*_, K 1

x of diodes iffo many] now

and not being charged in Custody, on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one thousand two hundred Pounds, do hereby give this [first, second) or third] public Notice, that I intend to take the Benefit of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this dl7, and if it be the first Notice) then add] and I do hereby give Notice, that a true and

perfect Schedule, containing a Discovery of all my Real and Personal Estate, hereafter to be sworn to, is

now ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for the same to the Keeper or Gaoler, or his Deputy,

of the said Prison.’

And every such Notice shall be signed by the Debtor, and counter-signed by the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler, of such Prison.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Debtor as aforesaid, not being charged as aforesaid, on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, in the Whole to a greater Amount than the Sum of one thousand two hundred Pounds, who shall apply to the General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said three Gazettes and Newspapers before mentioned, to the said Justices at any such Session, or the Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were inserted in the London (Gazette^ and other Newspapers where required in Manner aforesaid, and that the Person or Persons so applying was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in the Prison or Gaol in which his, her, or their Name or Names is or are specified in the 3Li(1 delivered in at such first or second Session, or any Adjournment thereof, or in some other Prison or

37 Geo. III. 4O Gaol,

[insert the Name, Trade, Occupation, and Description, and the two loft Places confined in [ insert the Name of the Prison and County],

641

Debtors intending to apply for their Discharge, to give previous Notice thrice in the Cazctt:, &c.

Debtors to deliver Schedules to the Gaoler previous to the first Notice,

and for Neglect to be remanded to Prison.

Gaoler to Signatures to Schedules, and to give Copies to Debtors, and also to Creditors, demanding them, on Penalty of to I

Notices to be given in the following

Form,

and signed by the Debtor and C-oler.

Debtors applying at the Session, proving Notices were duly inserted, ft all, in open Court, deliver in signed Schedules, and take the fellow ing Oath.

642

Oath*

Schedule and Oath to be fub-fcished by the Debtor, and to remain with the Clerk of the Peace for f?er* ufal of Creditors.

Court, at the Request of a Creditor, may examine Gaolers on Oath.

Debtor’s Oath rot being disproved, the Court to order

his Discharge.

Trtate and

Iffidls of ri.(charged

Debtors veiled

Gaol, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall, in open Court, at the said General Quarter Session or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and dt liver in a true Schedule or Account of ail his or her Real E(late, in Possession* Reversion, Remainder, or Expedancy, and also the Whole of his or her Personal Estate, which he or flic, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for his or her Use, Benefit, or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in his or her Pbflcftinn at any Time since his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Names of his or her several Debtors* and where they respedvely live, or may be met with; and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured, and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note, or other Writing, then the Name and Names, and Places of Abode of the several Witness who can prove such Debts or Contracts, (if there be any such,) and shall also nuke Oath and ("wear to the Efted following; (that is to say,)

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and dc-

clare, That on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, I was really and truly a Prisoner, in theadual Custody of in the Prison or Gaol of

Vat the Suit of without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that I have, ever

fxnce my Commitment, continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in the actual Custody of

‘ the Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison of [or mentioning Jomc other Prison or Frijom, *r.

the Case may bef\ or within the Liberties thereof, at the Suit of and without any Fraud

or Colltillon whatsoever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the

bed of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Discovery.

of all the Goods, Effects, and Estates, Real and Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expedancy, which I, or any Person in Trust for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, are seised or possessed of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or werq in my Possession at any Time fmee my Commitment, to Prison, and of all Debts to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and of all the Secu- rities and Contracts whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contracts [if any Jueh there be]% and that neither I, nor any other Person or Persons in Trust for me, or my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Estate, Real or c Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Fools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of thirty Pounds; and that I have not, nor any Perfoiu for me hath, directly or indirectly, fold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or con--^ c:a!ed, all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts, of Estates, Real or Personal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage therefrom, or with an Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am or was indebted in any wise howsoever. So help me GOD.’

And the said Schedule and Oath shall be, by every such Debtor, subscribed in the Presence of the Justices in of:rr Session of the Peace, as hereby directed, and shall be kept by, and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town-Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peac«, for the County, City, Liberty, Division, Town, or Place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better information of all the Creditors of such-Debtor who shall desire or may have Occasion to resort thereto, and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty, at seasonable Times in the Day Time, to peruse and examine the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, at any such General Quarter Session or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, at the Request of any Creditor, or Creditors of any such Debtor, are hereby authorized to cause the^ Deputy Warden and - Marshal of the Fleet and King’s Bench Prison, or any other Under Officer, Tipstaff, and Turnkey of any Prison or Gaol, and any other Person, within their respective Jurisdictions, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on Oath touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth thereof; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by any Debtor or Debtors shall not be disproved by good Testimony of any credible Person orwPeifon$ on Oath, and such Justices, or the major Part of them present at any such General Quarter Session or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by such respective Debtor, then-such Justices shall, in such Session, or some Adjournment thereof, adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act; and shall order the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, of such Prison or Prisons, forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners, without having or taking any Fee or Reward, other than one Shilling for the Trouble of his Attendance with every such Prisoner at the said Sessions for his said Discharge; and every such Order shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, of such Prison. or Prisons, and shall indemnify1 him or them against any Escape or Escapes, Action or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, against him or them.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Estate, Right, Tide; Interest, and Trust, of such Debtor of, in, and unto all the Real Estate, as well Freehold, and Copyhold or Custom irv, and to all the Personal Estate, Debts, and Effects, of every such Debtor, shall, immediately after such Adjudication,

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112.

creation, be, and the same is hereby vetted in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer jutting as Clerk of the Peace, of and for the County, Riding, City, Town Corporate, Division, Liberty, or Place, where any Debtor shall be respectively discharged; and every stich Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer attting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby directed and required to make an Assignment and Conveyance ofeveiy such Debtor's Ettate and Eftccls’, vetted in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer attting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor as the Justices, at any General or Quai ter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be neld by them within their respective Jurisdictions, shall order and direct; which Assignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in the I.aw, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper stamped, to vett the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to

whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administraters, and Assigns, according to the Ettate ancHnterest the Debtor had therein; and every such Assignment and Conveyance shall be in Trutt for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the rett of the Creditors of every such Debtor, in respecttofor in Proportion to their respective Debts; and every Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue, from Time to Time, as there may be Occasion, in lits, her, or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and attaining any Ettate or Effects of any such Debtor, and also to execute any Trutt or Power vetted in, or created for the Use or Benefit of any such Debtor, but in Trutt for the Benefit of him or themselves, and the Rett of the Creditors of every such Debtor, and to give, such Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons who shall respectively be indebted to such Debtor as may be requisite; and every such Assignee or Assignees shall, with all convenient Speed after his or their accepting such Attignment or Conveyance, use his and their belt Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of every such Debtor, and shall, with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Estates of such Debtor vetted in such Assignee or Assignees; and if such Debtor shall be interested in or entitled to any Real Ettate, either in Poifettion, Reversion, or Expecttap.cy, the same, within the Space of two Months after such Assignment and Conveyance, shall be sold by public Auction, in such Manner, and &t such Place, as the major Part of the Creditors of any such Debtor, who shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing, published in the London Gazette^ or in some Daily Paper, if the Debtor before his going to Prison resided in London or in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in which such Debtor dwelled bt fore he orfhe was committed to Prison, thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall, under his Hand, or their Hands, agree on; and every such Attignee or Assignees, at the End of three Months at farthett from the "l ime of his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a fair and just Dividend of all such Debtor’s Ettate and Eft'eetts, which shall have been then recovered, amongst his or her Creditors, in proportion and in regard to each Creditor's respective Debt; but before any Cuch Dividend shall be made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Debtor’s Ettate, and make Oath in Writing, before one or more Justice or Justices of the ‘Peace of the County, Riding, or Division, Town, Liberty, or Place, in which any such Debtor shall have been discharged, that every such Account contains a fair and just Account of the Ettate and Efte£b of every such Debtor got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respectt thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged were truly and bond fide made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published in like Manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be published, thirty Days at least before the same shall be made; and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Juttness and Identity of his Debt by Oath, or due Proof, in Writing, before forne such Justice or Justices; and if any Creditor of such Debtor shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Eairness of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the same, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, in which such Debtor shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the Benefit of this Actt, at their next General or Quarter Session, or some Adjournment thereof, and what they shall there determine in the Premises shall be conclusive to all Parties; and if, after Payment of all such Debtor’s Creditors, there shall any of his Estate and Effects remain, after Payment of all reasonable Charges, the same shall be paid to such Debtor, his Executors, or Administrators.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by way of Annuity, or otherwise, at any future Lime or Times, by virtue of any Bond, Covenants, or other Securities of any Nature whatever, may be and shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and may and shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Ettate of such Debtor, in such Manner, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as such Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto by the Laws now in Force if such Debtor had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their respecttive Securities, otherwise than as the same would have been affettted by a Proof made in respect thereof by the Creditor under a Commission of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under such Com-

XIV. And, for obviating any Doubts which may otherwise arise how far the several Powers and Authorities, by this Act vetted in or given to Clerks of the Peace, may be lawfully done, exercised, or performed, by the Deputy or Deputies of the Clcik of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster (the said Office

mi 4o 2 / ‘of

643

in the Clerk of the* Peace, who is to assign the f me to such Creditors as the Court shall dirt i*, in Tiuft for tile W hu>e.

Afllgrees to get in iffetts, and fell them, &c.

Assignect to make Dividend within three Months, first verifying their Accounts on Oath.

Thirty Days Notice of making Dividends to be given.

No Creditor to

fharc till he has proved his Debt.

Reality of Debts may be inquired into at the Scl-fion. 1, t

Surplus of Effects to be paid the Debtor.

Creditors for Annuities or Money payable at any future Time, to receive Dividends as under a Commissionoi Bankrupt.

rowers of Cirrk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lan-

644

caster, to extend to his

Deputies.

Frtarcs of Debtors, t!io* not inftrted in Schedule#, to be verted in the C.'trk of the P c<i»c*

Hoi lers of Securities, w,ih-out Consideration given, not entitled to any Bt refit.

Estates to vert the Clerk of the Peace and ins Successors.

No Suit in Equity to be commenced v^thout Con-, sent of the Majority in Value of Creditors.

Schedules to be produced by Clerks of the Peace to Creditor? ,

/and figrcd Copies to be Evidence.

"Clerk of the Peace refuting to produce Schedules, dec. to forfeit lol. with Treble Celts#

Application of she Penalty.

C. 112# Anno triedimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

of Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster being held by Letters Patent from his Majesty, with the Power of executing the same by Deputy or Deputies) ;* be it further enacted and declared, That all Conveyances and Alignments of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor or Debtors, and all other Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, which shall be done, exercised, or performed, in the Execution of this Act, by any Deputy or Deputies of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or by the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, shall exercise and perform the Trusts and Duties of the said Office within and for the said County Palatine, shall be of the same Force, Validity# and EfTe£t, in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been done, executed, and performed, by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster for the Time being. u

XV. And, to the Intent that no Loss may arise to any Creditor or Creditors from any Neglect or Omif- fion in the Schedule not containing the Whole of the Efface, Real or Personal, belonging to any Debtor who.

shall apply for his or her Discharge under the Authority of this ActT,’ be it enacted, l^hat all the Effate, whether Real or Personal, which shall belong to any Debtor oibDebtors, and of whicl^he, she, or they (hah be actually possessed or entitled unto at the Time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Effate contained in such Schedule, though not inferred therein, and shall in like Manner become vessel in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as such, to all Intents and Purposes, ar if the same had been contained in such Schedule, and had bsen delivered into the Court according to the Directions of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it ervacled. That no Person holding any Security whatsoever, for which such Debtor never received any valuable Consideration, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit from the Effate of such Debtor, unless the Person holding such Security shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Justices at some General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the same bond fide and for good or valuable Consideration.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Removal of any Cleric of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the Effate, Right, Title, Interest, or Truss, of any Debtor or Debtors shall have, vessel by the Authority of this-Avfl, every such Effate, Right, Title, Interest, and Truss, shall become vessel in the Successor or Successors to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respectively, as the Case may be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under the Provisions of this Act.

XVIII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any Assignee or Assignees of any such Debtor's Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given, at lead ten Days before such Meeting, in the London Gazette, or other Newspaper which shall be published in the Neighbourhood of the I aft Residence of such Debtor or Debtors, for that Purpose.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer actine as Clerk the Peace, for every respective County, City, and County Town, and County Riding, Divihon, Cinque Port, Liberty, and Place, with whom any Schedule of the Estates of any Insolvent Debtor or Debtors shall be left, and his Successors, Clerics of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable Request of any Creditor or Creditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, or his or their Attorney, produce and shew to such Creditor or Creditors, or his or their Attorney, in the Day Time, the Schedule of the Effate of any such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, which shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or his Predecessor in that Office; the Person so requiring to fee and peruse any such Schedule paying or tendering to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the Sum of one Shilling for his Trouble in searching for and looking out such Schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the Party requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the same; and that a true Copy of every such Schedule, ligned by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody the same shall be, or his Deputy, purporting the same to be a true Copy of such Schedule, without being wrote on stamjied Paper, and for which Copy no more shall be paid than Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet containing seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for a lets Number of Words, shall, at all Times, be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the same; and if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall, on reasonable Request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, or his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same to be inspecded as aforesaid in the Day Time, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made to him, or shall ask or take mora than after the Rate of Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for less than seventy-two Words in a Sheet, or shall refuse to make and deliver a Copy of any such Schedule on beinj* requested as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the Money tendered to him for Payment of such Copy after the Rate aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Treble Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the same, and one Moiety of which Sum forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party who prosecuted for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed#

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid shall enter on, or take any Profit from, any Copyhold or Customary Estate as aforesaid, he or they shall agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the same shall be holden, for the Payment of such Fine or Income as, upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Composition made, the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some subsequent Court, which shall be holden for the said Manor or Manors, shall admit such Assignee or Assignees, Tenant or Tenants, to such Copyhold or Customary Estate, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manors of which the same shall be holden, and for and during such Estate and Interest as the said Debtor had therein at the Time-of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots, Customs, and Services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said Copyhold or Customary Estate.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affect any Estate or Interest, or Right whatsoever, of any Person or Persons, other than the said Debtor, which may be expectant upoir or subject unto the Estate or Interest of the said Debtor, hereby vested in the said Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace; but that the Estate, Interest, and Right whatsoever, of every other Person or Persons, shall remain, continue, and be Caved, to them, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construtd to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens, upon the Estate of such Debtor or Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, '1 enements, or Hereditaments, comprized in, or charged or afefted by, such Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens respectively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Merchant, Recognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained against any such Debtor or Debtors, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Real Estate of such Debtor or Debtors > and also where any inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment, before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Debtor as aforesaid, the Personal Estate of every such Debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first Place, for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment respectively, in like Manner as such Mortgagees and Persons having such Charges or Liens, and Creditors by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the Real or Personal Estate of such Debtor and Debtors respectively, if this Act had not been made; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

XXIII. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act are foiled and poflHIed of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the Term of their

natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Estates for one, two, or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon Lives 5 which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtors Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Cale, all and every the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or shall be vested in any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

XXIV. And whereas, in some Prisons or Gaols in this Kingdom, the Office of Keeper or Gaoler is held

in Fee, for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never act as Keepers or Gaolers themselves, or know any Thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them as Keepers or Gaolers of such Prisons or Gaols be it therefore enacted, That in every such Case, the Person who shall have been actually employed and acted as Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol at the Time of the delivering in of the Lifts hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in any such Prison or Gaol, at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the principal Keeper or Gaoler, (unless where such principal Keeper or Gaoler shall act as Keeper or Gaoler hinflelf,) shall take the Oath hereinbefore appointed to be taken by the Keeper or Gaoler of every such Prison or Gaol. j \

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act, (hull, if required by any Creditor or Creditors, of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall oppose his or her Discharge, administer and give to the Keeper or Gaoler, or the Person who acts as Keeper or Gaoler, of any such Prison or Gaol, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner in order to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to the following Effect* (that is to lay,),

I A.B. do swear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the

c Prison of in Custody in some other other Prison, as the Case may be] to the heft of my

Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven;

and that the Copy cr Copies of the Cause or Caulca of his [or herj Commitment or Detainer, now by me

brought with the Body of the said and produced to the said Court, is or are a true Copy

or Copies of the Cause or causes of such Commitment or Detainer, without any Fraud or Deceit by me,

or any other Person whatsoever, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief* So help me GOD-’

v II- And

645

A (lienees to compound with Lords of Manors for Copy-hold or Customary finales.

The Debtor*! Right only to be afte&ed by this Act.

Mortgages, &c. to take place of Claims of an inferior Nature,

Power of leafing Lands by Debtors having filiates for Life, vested in Affiance*.

The afUng Gaoler at the Time of delivering Lifts (and not the Holden of the Office in Fee, &c.) to uke the Oath.

At the Session,

on Request of Creditors, Gaolers to be

sworn.

Oath

646

If the Person r ddivfrin^ in Lift was not Gaoler on Jan. 1, 1797, he Hull take the following

Oath.

At Reqiuft of

Creditors, Gaolers may he examined on Oath at the Sessions touching Commitments.

Penalty on She riffs, &c. dis-obeying Orders t>f Justices, &c.

Penalty on Gaolers, and the Printer of the Gazette, Scc. for not complying with the Regulations-of this Act; juO 1.

Penalty on Gaolers for Perjury; 5001.

C. 112. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

And if any Person who was Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of any such Prison or Gaol,

on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or since, shall not happen to be the Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of any such Prison or Gaol, at the Time any such List as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices, at any such Session, or at any Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby lequired to administer and give to the respective Person or Persons who shall be Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of any such Prison or Gaol, and deliver in any such List as aforesaid at any such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, an Oath, touching the Commitments, or Books of Commitment, of any such Prison or Gaol, to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear. That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Commitment of Prisoners to the Prison of in the [County, Riding, Division, City, Town,

Place, or Liberty of as the Case shall fa], and that I do verily believe that the said Commitments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear that was, on the first Day of January one thousand fei^n

hundred and ninety-seven, really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of the

then Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler, of the said Prison or Gaol er other Prison, as tie Case may be\ without Fraud or Deceit by the or any other Person or Persons, to my Knowledge and Belief.

So help me GOD.*

XXVI. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners in any Prison or Gaol Books;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by them, any Person or Persons who was or were Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of any Prison or Gaol within their respective Jurisdictions, on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or at any Time since; and to examine every such Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any iiich Prisoner, as the Justices, at any such General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall think fit; and if any Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, shall negle»5t or refuse to bring before any such Justices, at any Section of the Peace, oV Adjournment thereof, any such Prisoner as shall be directed and required by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that Purpose, he Avail on Conviction fufter six Months Imprisonment, or if any Keeper or Gaoler attending shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises, as shall be reasonably required at such General or Quarter Section, or any Adjournment thereof, he, she, or they, so offending in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by and in the Name, and for the Use of the Party injured, by Action of Debt, to be brought in his or her Name, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Weslm'trifter, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, without just Cause, to be approved of by the Justices at some General Quarter Section, or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter Section or General Section, or Adjournment thereof, in order to his or her Discharge; or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly omit to insert, in any such List, the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were actually in Custody in his or their respective Prison or Gaol, on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or since, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver, such Lists as aforesaid; or if any Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or shall, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said Sum of one Shilling hereinbefore allowed for his or her Attendance in order to be discharged of such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, or shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the Printer of The London Gazette, or other Newspaper as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice by this Act directed to be given, on reasonable Request to him made for that Purpose, and Tender of the Money hereby directed to be paid, or shall take or receive any Fee or Gratuity more than Fourpence as aforesaid for doing thereof, every such Keeper and Gaoler of such Prison or Prisons, his Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each Prisoner, in every such Case injured, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; which shall and may be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, or any Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, shall, in taking of the aforementioned Oaths, forswear and perjure themselves, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of such Prison or Prisons, (over and above the Penalties to be inflicted on Persons convicted of Perjury,) shall, upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his and their Executors and Administrators, to whom any Alignment or

647

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112.

Conveyance, in purfiunce of this Act, shall be made, of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, and it nq such Assignee or Assignees ()iall be living, then in the Name or Names of any oilier Creditor or Creditors, who shall ftie for the said Penalties, to be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such his Creditor or Creditors.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refute to give every or any such Prisoner, adjudged

A i a Copy of the

than the Sum of Shilling for. an Assignment or Conveyance of such Prisoner’s Efface and Effects, every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner, the Sum of twenty Pounds, as the Justices of the Peace, at such General or Quarcer Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, shall order, and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace so offending.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor as aforesaid, who shall take the Benefit of this Act, shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself, herself, or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so offending, mall suffer such Punishment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person entitled to the Benefit of this Act shall, at any Time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Nonpayment of Money, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment, or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Cods, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, or for any two Justices of the Peace, upon shewipg the Copy of the Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, and at the same Time to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Cods he, she, or they shall have incurred on such Occasion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem juff and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby empowered so to do on such Prisoner’s causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him in every such

Action or Suit.

XXXII. And whereas, under former Acts of this Kind, Doubts have arisen what was to be done with such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and dood charged with Debts; as 1 well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts ;* to remedy which, be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts incurred subsequent to the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ;, and if it (bail appear to the Justices, at any Session or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners, then applying to them to be discharged, shall stand charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, that, in such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Tudiccs to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on account of all Debts incurred previous to the said fird Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and to remand him or her back to the Cudody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts with which he or she dands charged with in his Cudody, incurred, subsequent to the said fird Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety.seven* f

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, being a Prisoner, charged in Execution on the said fird Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and having before or since that Day petitioned any Court to be discharged as an Insolvent Debtor, and having conformed to the several Provisions of the Laws in being for that Purpose, shall have been brought up, and by the Court, before which such Prisoner was so brought up, remanded back to the Prison or Gaol from which such Prisoner was. brought up, there to continue in Execution on the undertaking of his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to nay to him or her two Shillings and Four-pence Weekly and every Week, or such other Allowance as by Law is directed to be paid in such Case*, during such Time as such Prisoner should remain in Execution at the Suit of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Prisoner so continued in Execution shall have been or shall be discharged from such Execution by his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, without his or her o wn Privity or Consent, subsequent to the said fiiff Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and before the Day whereon he or she might otherwise have applied to take the Benefit of this Act, every such Prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such Discharge, to the same Relief and Advantage, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, which he or she might cr could have otherwise obtained by virtue of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Escape, or any Suit or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff’, Keeper, or Gaoler of any Prison, for performing their Offices in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, c-r Verdict pass against him, or JuJg-

nt upon Demurr.tr, the Defendant shall have Treble Costa

Penalty on Clerks of the Peace relufing to give Copies of Adjudications of Discharges, &c.

Debtors for-swearing, to be. deemed guilty of Perjury.

Persons discharged not liable for Debts prior to Jan. ip,

,797«

rrisoners not' discharged of DebtrincumpeT. subsequent to

Jan. j, 1797-

Prisoners wlm, on Application as Insolvent Debtors, have been remanded

back, and since

discharged, without their Consent, entitled to the Benefit of this A

f&r anttc. Sj, of tbii bejfon. J

m

Act may be

pleaded to any, Act 1 on ot

C4t>£.

6+8

Act may be j-kaded generally by l’rifon-cr$, &c\

Act not to extend to A worries, or Ser. vants embezzling Money;

nor to Persons obtaining Money, &c. on fallc Pretences}

nor to Persons

removing Effects of the Va lue of 50l. liable to be distrained for Rem 5

nor to Persons felling or r.flign-ing Effects fub-sequent to their Imprisonment without just cause to be allowed by the

£ouru

C. 112. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

[Treble Costs.]

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire Faciasy or Action of Debt or upon Judgment, shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the said first Day of January one thou find seven hundred and ninety-seven, with relped to Prisoners in actual Custody upon the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison, or in some other Prison, at such a Person’s Suit on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and was or were duly discharged, according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session, or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town, or Place, (.2S his, her, or their Case is,) without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, due before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to plead in Discharge of his or her Person from Execution, (over and above such Matters as aforesaid,) that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the Case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, without pleading any other Matter specially; where to the Plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the said Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff might have replied in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge, by virtue of this Act, specially; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment on Demurrer, the Defendant to have

XXXVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting, or pretending to abt as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any Money, or other Effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant, or Agent, or any other Person or Persons employed or intrusted as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she, or they shall stand charged for or on account of any Money, Goods, or other Effects, received or possessed by him, her, or them, for the Use and on account of his, her, or their Master or Masters, or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to his, her, or their own Use; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And whereas many evil-disposed Persons, to support their profligate Way of Life, have, by c various subtle Stratagems, Threats, and Devices, fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money, Goods, c Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, to the great Injury of industrious Families, and to the manifest Prejudice of Trade and Credit ;* be it enacted, That no Prisoner, who knowingly and designedly, by false Pretence or Pretences, shall have obtained from any Person or Persons Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; but the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prisoner shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter, made to their Satisfaction, shall remand such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she shall have been brought; any^ I King herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas many Debtors, for Rents of Lands, Messuages, Houses, or other Premises, 4 h^vc, with fraudulent Intent to disappoint the Right of their respective Landlords, removed the Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods, or other Efrebts, which were subject and liable to be distrained for the Satisfaction of the said Rents be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners, w ho, in a secret, clandestine, or fraudulent Manner, shall have removed, or caused to be removed, within six Years before the passing of this Act, any such Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods, or Effects, of the Value of fifty Pounds or upwards, which were subject or liable to be distrained by their respective Landlords for or in Payment of such Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loft all or some Part of the Rent or Rents due to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this Act, but shall, on due Proof of the Matter as aforesaid, be remanded in Manner hereinbefore mentioned; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, their Estate and Effects to some Person or Persons, dubrequent to their being in Custody of Law, or imprisoned under some Process for Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance, or Alignment, hath been fraudulently made, to the infinite Prejudice of the fair and honest Creditor, though sufficient Proof could not be obtained to convict the Party of a fraudulent Design :* Be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved, by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to the Satisfaction of the Court to which any Prisoner shall be brought up in order to obtain his or her Discharge, that such Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, to any Person or Persons, all or any Part of his Estate or Effects, subsequent to the Time of his imprisonment, without just Cause for so doing, to be allowed by the Justices presiding in such Court as aforesaid, every such Debtor shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might otherwise have claimed under the Authority of this Act, and shall not be entitled to his or her Discharge; and every such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance, or Assignment, is hereby declared to be null and void.

of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the I of any Person or Persons, who shall be prejudiced by any such false Entry or Entries;

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. ir2.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison fh 1 and is hereby required to suffer, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons desiring the same, to fee and speak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room in the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners, whose Names are inserted in the before-mentioned List or Lists, or the London Gazette, or other Newspapers, or any of them, and also to see, in the true and genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, Debtor or Debtors, together with the Name or Names of the Person Or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, she, or they are or were detained; and if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall refuse or neglect to comply with what is hereby above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper who shall so offend in the Premises shall forfeit and pay to the Person so refused and aggrieved the Sum of forty Pounds, to be recovered, with Cods of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts at Westminster, wherein no LfToin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prison or Prisons, shall make or cause to be made any false Entries, in any Book or Books belonging to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein, or shall insert in any Lid to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who was not in actual Cudody as aforesaid, (except as in the Oath of every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted,) every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be, liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum

* — * Name *nd for the Use

which Penalties dwll

Majesty's Courts.of

Record at Westminster, v,'herein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, being thereunto required by any Creditor, shall refuse to discover and declafe the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation or lad Place of Abode, of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she is or was detained or charged in Cudody, or if any Prisoner being called for and desired by any Creditor or Creditors [shall refuse] to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner shall be confined, without (ome reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary, every such Debtor, upon Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithdand-

ing-

XLIII. ‘And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of York or Lincoln, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Divisions, all of which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaoler of these Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors, Prisoners therein, to the Quarter Session of such Riding or Division, the same will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaoler, but also so the Prisoners, in th$fe large Counties p be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more Justices of the Peace for any of the Ridings or Divisions in the respective Counties, (or any other County or'Counties where the Prisons are at a Didance from the Place where the Sessions are held,) at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold Session there, by Adjournment from their respective Quarter Session from Time to Time for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act. - t

XLIV. And whereas the Didrfdl or Division of Holland, in the said County of Lincoln, is didant near forty Miles from the said County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expensive for the Justices of the Peace acting for the said Division to be obliged to travel to the said Gaol for the sole Purpose of discharging the Prisoners under the Powers by this Act given be it therefore enacted, That for the several Purposes aforesaid, the Justices for the said Division or Didridlof Holland may adjourn their original. Sessions to the County Gaol, or some Place near thereunto; and it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace, acting either for the Parts of Lindsey, Kejlcven, or Holland, to hold such adjourned Sessions for the sole Purpose of discharging such Prisoners; Notice of the Adjournment of such original Sessions being given by the Clerk of Sessions to such Justices, and who shall attend thereto regider the Proceedings of the said Court, so far as the same relate to or adedl the Discharge of any Prisoner detained for Debt in the Diction of Holland, and claiming the Benefit of this Act.]

XLV. And whereas the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Surrey, whiA 4 shall happen after the passing of this Act, may be in the Country, and upwards of twenty Miles from syiy of the said Prisons ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace to beholden for the County of Surrey, next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said Seu fions to the Borough of Southwark^ for the Purpose of adminstering the Oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this Act, by the several Gaolers within the said County, and for the Discharge of Prisoners or other Debtors, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directkms of this Act.

37 Geo. III. 4P -: XLVI. And

649

G nolers to permit Prisoner* to be spoken withr &c. on Penalty of 4-oi*

Gaolers making false Entries, &c. to forfeit 500l.

Debtors refusing to appear, or to discover the Abode, &c. of the Person detaining them, &c. to be excluded the Benefit of this Act.

Tuft ice# may hold a Session at or near the County Gaol,

4

Justices for the District of Holland in Lincoln-shire may adjourn to or near the County Gaol, &c.

Justices for Surrey may adjourn to Southwark.

650

Prisoners in Custody for Fets, &c. to be discharge i.

Act not to extend to Dt fetors to the Crown, or to the Revenue, unless the Treasury certify their Consent.

'Determination of Justices to be final, unit fa the Prisoner get rid of the Objections to his Dif-tharge, &c.

Estates, of

which i t.fontrs

are fcilVd in Tail, to be delivered up to Creditors; as if a Fine or Recovery were had.

Aftlgnces may apply for the further Examination of Debtors to two Justices.

Justice* to call

before flu m Debtors^ and if

C. 112. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prison on or before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Fees, Rents, or other Demands, due or claimed as due, to the Keeper or Keepers of any Prison respectively, or to any other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any Person seeking the Benefit of this Act, with respect to any Debtor Penalty with which he or she shall (land charged, at the Suit of the Crown or of any Person for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps, or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any other Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to his Majesty's said Revenues of Customs, Excile, Stamps, or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, un-Jcfs any three of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being shall certify their Content under their Hands to the Justices at their said Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, for the Discharge of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And whereas, under former Acts, Creditors have been put to great Expence and Trouble, in attending every Session and Adjournment, during the whole Continuance of the Act, to oppose the Discharge of Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, hut who, after having been before one Session heard, and refused a Discharge, to harass their Creditors, constantly gave fresh No- tices for each subsequent Session and Adjournment, of their intended Application to be discharged rTo remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases whatever, the Determination of the Justices in Session or Adjournment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, unless the Debtor dial], dur ing the Continuance of this Act, get rid of the Objection or Objections for which they refused his Discharge; and that the same may be clear and certain, the Justices are hereby required to (late the Objections why such Debtor’s Discharge is refused by them; and in all Cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful ttfand for the Justices, at any subsequent Session or Adjournment, upon any Application from the Prisoner, upon due Proof011 Oath made to them, by two or more credible Witnesses, (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer,) of each Objection or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served, at least ten Days previous to such Application, on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the Gazette, in Manner before directed by this Act, to order such Prisoner to be brought before them, and, if they shall then be of Opinion the said Debtor is entitled to the Benefit of this Act, to adjudge him or her to be entitled to the Benent of this Act; and if a Prisoner, to order him or her to be discharged, he or she taking the Oath, and in all other Respects conforming to the Directions of this Act- \

XLIX. And whereas it may happen that several Persons who may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, are feiled of an Estate 'Fail in some Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Heredica- merits, which Entail, with the Remainders thereon expectant, they have by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, fullering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, or by Surren- der or Surrenders thereof, whereby such Person or Persons said Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up, according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared, to be seised of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee, and the same shall be delivered up to such Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law or Construction of Law to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

L. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, have been great Dealers or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they may be entitled to sundry and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, and they may be entitled to Equities of Redemption of Eftatts subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments, or other Incumbrances, or to-Reversions, Remainders, or other contingent Estates, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or toother Trusts or Interests in Estates, both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the Schedule or Inventory.before directed to be delivered in upon Oath by the Prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, jor which may want his Aid and Assistance to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for che Benefit of his Creditors;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may oe lawful to and for the respective Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, who shall obtain his, her, or their Discharge in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons duly authorized by them for that Purpose, from Time to Time, to apply to any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, where such Debtor or Debtors shall he then refuting, thereby desiring that such Debtor or Debtors may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her, or their Estate or Effects, whereupon such Justices shall fend for or call before them such Debtor or Debtors, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways, or Means, as they shall think, fit;

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112.

and, upon such Debtors’ appearing, shall examine him, her, or them, as well upon Oath as otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors; and if any Debtor or Debtors (on Payment, or Tender of Payment, of such reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient) shall neglect or refuse to come or appear, not having a lawful Excule, to be made known to such Justices, and by them allowed, or being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer to all such Questions as determined by such Justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the Discovery of his, her, or their Estate or Effects so vested, or intended to be vested, in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignees as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Julhces, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Debtor or Debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them to commit to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as he, she, or they shall submit him, her, or themselves to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her, or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and Persons who shall, within ten Months after the Discharge of such Prisoner or Prisoners, voluntarily come in and make a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors Real or Personal Estate as shall not be comprized in such Schedule as aforesaid, befure any such Justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the Rate of twenty Pounds ter Centum out of the Net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate which shall be recovered on such Discovery, and which shall be paid to such Person or Persons so discovering the same* by the Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor’s Estate and Effects.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then, and in every such Case, every such Discharge shall be void and of none Effect.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful at all Times hereafter for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effedfcs of any Debtor or Debtors, who shall be chosen in pursuance of this Act, by and with the Content of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors, who shall be present at a Meeting to be had on twenty-one Days’ Notice being previously given for the Purpose hereafter mentioned, in The London Gazette, if the Debtor was in Custody in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in the County, City, or Place in or near which such Person or Persons shall have been in Gaol, to make Compositions with any Person or Persons, or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtors, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can upon any such Competition be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts; and also to submit any Difference or Dif-

Sute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons, for or on Account or by Reason or leans of any Matter, Cause, or Thing, relating to the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, or to any Debt or Debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such Debtor or Debtors, to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators, to be chosen by the said Assignee or Assignees, and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have such Difference, and to perform the Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the Matters in Difference and Dispute between them, in such Manner as the said Assignee or Assignees, with such Content as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree, and the same shall be binding to all the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they (bali fairly do in the Premises in pursuance of this Act. ’

LIV. And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall have accented of any Trust or Trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protect any Estate, Real or Personal, of any such Debtor from his Creditors, and shall not, within thirty Days after any Assignee or Assignees shall, in pursuance of this Act, be chosen of any such Debtor’s Estate, discover and disclose to such Assignee or Assignees such Trust and Estate, in Writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such Assignee or Assignees, he, she, or they so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and also double the Value of the Estate, either Real or Personal, foconcealed, to and for the Use of the Crditors of any such Debtor, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at JFeJIjninster^ in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor’s Estate, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

LV. And whereas Provision ought to be made as to what should become of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor or Debtors not got in, obtained, or recovered, by any Assignee or Assignees chosen pursuant to the Directions of the several Acts at the Time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whose Heir or Heirs, Executors, Admin»strators, and Assigns, refuse to act or meddle therein T'o remedy which, belt enacted, That in all such Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such Debtor or Debtors tochufe a new Assignee or Assignees, in Manner and Form as hereinbefore is directed, and to obtain a new Assignment from the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the said Justices are hereby required and empowered to direct (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former Assignee or Assignees, and Refusal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to act or meddle therein) j and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as

4P2 Clerk

651

they refuse to appear, &c. may commit them.

Reward of 10l. per Cent. lor discovering any Part of Debtor’s Estate not comprized in Schedule.

Discharge of Prisoner fraudulently obtained, void.

Assignees, with Confem of Majority in Value of Creditors, may compound for Debts due to Prisoners, and submit Disputes

to Arbitration.

Penalty for con* coaling Estates of Debtors; tool.

If Assignees

die, others mty be chosen,

652

CoiKtf, on Complaint, may remove Assignees, and appoint others.

Where mutual Credit has been given, the Balance to be statfd.

Prisoners for Contempts in net paying Monies award 'J, Cods', &c. entitled to the Be-. refit of this

Ad;

and also Prisoners on Precedes cut of Courts of Conscience.

Act not to oblige certain Quakers, now I’risoners at York for Tithes, to deliver in Schedules.

Justices may cause them to be brought before the Sessions, and direct the Money due

C. 11 2. Anno tricesimo fepthno Geor gi i III. A.D. 1797.

Clerk of the Peace, are hereby empowered to obey the same, and execute such Alignment accordingly, in Manner and Form as if no former Alignment had ever been made, the said Assignee or Assignees, Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to ail Orders and Directions made by this Act relative to them, or any of them, and to be liabl-: to all such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by this Act, for Disobedience in any Part thereof, or Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Herrs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse to act, that then and in Inch Case it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Afllgr.ee or Assignees, with the like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act; and the said Justices shall have Power, in a summary Way, to oblige the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of such Assignee or Assignees, to account and deliver up all such Estate and Effects as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LVI. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her, or their real Creditors,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts at Westminster, and the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and the Counties Palatine of Che/ler, Lancaster, and Durham respectively, from whence any Prcccfs issued, upon which such Debtor or Debtors was or were committed, or where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or of Great Sessions, or Counties Palatine aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any one of them, from Time to Time, upon the Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, complaining of any Insufficiency, Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour, of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any such Debtor or Debtors, to summon all Parties concerned, and, upon hearing the Parties concerned therein, to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal or displacing such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, and for the prudent, just, and equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Debtor, for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and die appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Effedfs of such Debtor or Debtors shall, from thenceforth, be diveiled out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or displaced, and be vested in and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same Manner, and for the same Intents and Purposes, as the same were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chosen as aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where mutual Credit hath been given between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, and any other Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic, before the Delivery of such Schedule orjnventory of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorized and required, on his and their Parts, to (late and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned; and nothing; more shall be deemed to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, as the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account, when truly dated.

LVIII. And whereas many Persons are often committed by the Courts of Law and Equity for Contempts, for not paying Monies ordered or awarded to be paid, and also for not paying of Costs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose, and also upon the Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process for, or grounded on, the Nonpayment of Money, Costs, or Expences, in some Cause or Proceeding in some Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt to such Court relating thereto;’ it is hereby declared and enabled. That all such Persons are and shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the iame Terms, Conditions, and Restrictions, as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

LIX. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt, upon Processes issuing out of Courts of Conscience ;* it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Prisoners shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the same, provided he, she, or they conform to the Directions hereinbefore prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act.

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shal extend, or be construed to extend, to John IVor mall, Henry IVor mall, John Stansfield, Henry King, John JVtlkinJon, William Hartley, Joseph Brown, and James JValton, being of the People called Quakers^ now Prisoners in the Common Gaol of the County of York, at the Suit of the Reverend George Markham Vicar of Carlton, in the West Riding of the said County, for Tithes, or any or either of them, so as to oblige them, or any or either of them, to deliver in and subscribe a Schedule of their respective Estates and Effects; but that it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the said West Riding of the County of York aforesaid, upon Application made by the said George Markham, or by any Person or Persons for or on the Behalf of the said John Wormall, Henry IV7rmall, John Stansfield, Henry King, John Wilkinson, William Hartley, Joseph Brown, and James IVflton, or any or either of them, to cause the said Prisoners respectively to be brought before them at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, (or at

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112,113. 653

any subsequent General Quarter sessions,) together with a Copy or Copies of their Detainers, and to examine into the Value of the Estates and Effects of the said Prisoners, and each and every of them, by the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, and to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any two or more of them, thereby directing and requiring the respective Sums due from the said Prisoners respectively to the said George Markham, and for which they are respectively charged or detained in the said Prison, to be levied upon their respective Goods and Chattels; and if the Goods and Chattels of the said Prisoners respectively shall not be found sufficient, then the Real Estates of the said Prisoners reflectively (if any such there be) shall, by the said Justices, or any two or more of them, be assigned over to the said George Markham till such Time as the said Debts, with all Costs and Charges, shall be respectively paid, and the said Prisoners shall, upon tjjeir Appearance respectively before the said Justices, be respectively discharged from their said Imprisonment as to the said Debt or Debts; and so loon as the said Debt or Debts, with all Costs and Charges, "shall have been fully paid and satisfied, the Estates of the said Prisoners so assigned to the said George-Markham as aforesaid, shall be re-conveyed or assigned to them respectively according to the Right, Title, or Interest which they respectively had therein or thereto at the Time of the passing of this Act.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enadlc J, That no Person who shall have taken the Benefit of any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors within the Space of ten Years last past, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. Years, to be entitled to

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by this Act an Oath is required, the solemn Affinnation of any Person being a Quaker, shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and fajfe Affirmation, shall incur and fuller such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised.by a Lottery.

[19th July 1797.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, \n Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, have freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of six hundred and forty six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, to be raised by a Lottery, to consist of fifty-five thousand Tickets, at eleven Pounds and fifteen Shillings each, in such Manner as is herein after directed and appointed: And whereas pursuant to and upon the several Terms and Conditions expressed in the said Resolution, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of six hundred and forty-six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and made Deposits with the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of one Pound and five Shillings in respect of every such Ticket; your faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,* &c.

All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the Resolution of the House of Commons, are required to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Cashier tQ give Security, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies received into the Exchequer. 44 Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. 500,000l.'the Amount of the Prizes, to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Managers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books nreferibed. Managers to exa- rnine the Books, with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Money received and paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the Middle Columns to be rolled up, and fastened with Thread or Silk; and cut off indent wile into a Box marked with the Letter (>f), and put into another Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two Columns, on each of which 55,000 Tickets are to be printed. Tickets in the outerrnoft Column of the last mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a Box marked with the Letter (B), 44 13c. Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing 011 44 February 26, 1798. Number of the fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to bd printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the Managers. Forging Tickets made Felony. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering Persons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and 50 ’. Reward No Attainder for any of the Offences against this Act shall cause any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Difheirifon of Heirs. Managers to be sworn. Ca-’ 44 fhicr may receive the Sums subscribed; giving a Note for the same; which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 11l. 15l. paid. Mttijfuguft 11, 1797, the Cashier may deliver Tickets not exceeding m Value Half of the Sum actually subscribed; and shall give Receipts for the Residue of such Sums, after deducting the

" value

to be levied on their kffctU*

&Ci

No Persons wli® have taken the Benefit of any Insolvent Act within ten Relief under this.

Affirmation of Quakers to be taken.

Act not to extend to Scotland.

654.

C.i is

116. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Value of the Tickets so delivered. Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times 14 limited, forfeit their Deposits, and the Tickets to be returned to the Managers, &c- Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, &c. as they shall think fit. The 500,000l. for the Payment of the fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on [July t, 1798. Managers to g ve Notice of the Times for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &V. and signed, Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to defray the incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act. No 44 Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, for Receipts, &c. on Penalty of 20l. No Person to take down the Numbers of the Tickets at the Time of drawing, unless employed as a Cleric by the Managers, or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed, to receive from the Stamp Office Numerical Books, which shall be stamped on every Leaf. Commissioners to grant such Licences Only on Account of licensed Lottery Offices. Unlicensed Persons taking down or publishing the Numbers of Tickets drawn, &c. to forfeit 5l. On Complaint, the Magistrates of London may grant Warrants for apprehending Offenders. Persons in the actual Commissioni of such Offence may be apprehended by any Person, and carried before a Magi (Irate, who may commit the Offender if Penalty be not paid. In- formers and Constables intitled to the Penalties. Persons summoned as Witnesses not appearing, &c. to forfeit 50l. Form of Conviction. Penalty may be mitigated. Convictions not re.noveable. Commissioners shall not be required to grant a Licence for dealing in Lottery Tickets, unlef* it shall appear that the Party is of good Character and Reputation, and able to answer the Penalty required by Law, and he shall have deposited a certain Number of Tickets, &V. Persons to whom Licences are granted, to give Bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. At the End of twelve Months after Expiration of Licences, the Commissioners may give up Bonds or put them in Suit. Licences of Persons neglecting to deposit or divide into Shares fifty Tickets, to be void; and the Defaulters to be published in the Gazette^ &c. In Cases where Licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47, are declared void, in such Cases Licences granted after the Commencement of this Act shall be void for Offences against this Act, or 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may be refused to Persons convicted. Persons continuing on their Houses the Words Licensed, Scc. after Expiration of their Licences, &c. to forfeit 20l. Executors, &c. may be authorized to carry on Business u for the Residue of the Terms of Licences* No Tickets to be divided into any other Shares than Halves, 44 Quarters, Eighths, and Sixteenths, on Penalty of 50l. Application and Recovery of Penalties. Form 4‘ of Shares of Tickets. Persons counterfeiting Shares, &c. guilty of Felony. Persons preparing or hav-

ing in their Custody any Register or Lift of Tickets but as herein particularized; or keeping any Place *4 for examining Tickets, by any other than such List, (jfc. to forfeit 50l. On Complaint on Oath of Of- fences against 27 Geo. 3. c. 1, whereby the Parties may be liable to Punishment as Rogues, Justices may authorize Persons to break open Houses, Persons discovered in such Houses concerned in carrying on illegal Transactions, to be punished as Rogues, and may be arrested, CSV. Penalty on Persons obstructing Officers. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal Transactions, to be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds. Manner in which Actions for Penalties shall be commenced. Where the Amount of Penalties sued for is not inferred in the Writs, the Defendant to be served with a Copy of the Process, iffc. Offenders adjudged Rogues and Vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not

General Issue. Treble Costs."

removeable by Certiorari.

ue. Treble Costs."

---

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

[19th July 1797.]

3,500,000l.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[19th July 1797.]

CAP. CXVI.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

[19th July 1797.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient to make some Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, who have served during the present War, after the disembodying of the said Forces, and during Peace, under certain Regulations; may it therefore please your Majesty it may be enacted,' &c.

---

From disembodying the Militia, the Subalterns to have certain Annual Allowances over the Pay they may be entitled to during Peace. Provided that no Person possessed of such an Income as would qualify him to hold a Captain’s Commission in the Militia, nor any Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment of Militia, nor any Person deriving, otherwise than as a Subaltern Officer of the Militia, any Income or Allowance whatever from the Public, nor any Officer on the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern’s Commission, and serve in the Militia, shall be entitled to the

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 116, 117.

"said Annual Allowances, or any Part thereof, of which they are to make Oath. Justices to transmit Oaths to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County. Subalterns to attend the Annual Exercise, on Pain of forfeiting the Allowance and their Pay. Certificate of such Attendance to be transmitted by the Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant and Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County. In case of Leave of Absence, the Reason for granting it to be inserted in the Certificate, which must also be sent to the Secretary of State. If Militia be not called out to Annual Exercise, the Subal-M terns still to be entitled to the Allowance. Allowances to be paid without Deduction. Subalterns not attending when called upon to forfeit their Claims. Allowances to be paid by Receivers General on Production of Certificates. Subalterns may receive Pay for attending Annual Exercise j but not entitled to the Allowance while the Militia is embodied. Allowance to extend only to a certain Number. Senior Lieutenants to have the Preference, and the Junior to succeed on Vacancies. 26 Geo. 3. c. 107, recited. Powers of recited Act for discharging Officers at the End of every five Years, not to extend to Subalterns entitled to Allowances. This Act to continue in Force until March 25, 1798."

---

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for regulating the Trade to be carried on with the British Possessions in India, by the Ships of Nations in Amity with His Majesty.

[19th July 1797.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second,

[12 Car. 2. c. 18. recited.]

---

intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it was enacted, that, from and after the first Day of December one thousand six hundred and sixty, and from

thence forward, no Goods or Commodities shall be imported into or exported out of any Lands, Islands, Plantations, or Territories, to his Majesty belonging or in his Possession, or which may hereafter belong unto or be in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Asia, Africa, and America, in any other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, than such as do truly and without Fraud belong unto the People of England or Ireland, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or are the Built of and belonging to any of the said Lands, Islands, Plantations, or Territories, as the Proprietors and Right Owners thereof, and whereof the Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners at least are English, under certain Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the Ships and Vessels of Countries and States in Amity with his Majesty, should be allowed to import Goods and Commodities unto and to export the same from the British Territories in India, subject to certain Restrictions and Regulations:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and during the Term for which the Possessions of the British) Territories in India is secured to the said United Company, it shall and may be lawful for the Ships and Vessels of Countries and States in Amity with his Majesty, to import into and export from the British) Possessions in India, such Goods and Commodities as they shall be permitted to import into and export from the said Possessions by the Directors of the said Company, who are hereby directed to frame such Regulations for carrying on the Trade to and from the said Possessions, and the Countries and States in Amity with his Majesty, as shall seem to them most conducive to the interest and Prosperity of the said British) Possessions in India, and of the British Empire; and no Ship or Vessel belonging to any of the Subjects of States or Countries in Amity with his Majesty, shall be liable to Seizure, Confiscation, or Forfeiture, or other Penalty, for exporting from or importing into the said British Possessior.s in India, any Goods or Commodities, the Importation or Exportation of which respectively shall be permitted by the said Regulation^ any Thing in the said hereinbefore recited Ail, of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, to the contrary, notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the Directors of the said United Company to frame any Regulations for the Conduit of the said Trade, which shall be inconsistent with any Treaty or Treaties which shall have been or may be entered into by which ma

of l!ie Trade and Commerce of the said British) Territories in India.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Regulations as shall be framed by the said Court of Directors, for carrying on the Trade to and from the British) Possessions in India, and the Countries and States in Amity with his Majesty, shall be and they are hereby directed to be subject to the Super intendance, Direction, and Controul of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, in the same Manner as all Acts, Operations, and Concerns, which any wife relate to or concern the Civil and Military Governments and Revenues of the British Territories and Acquisitions in the East Indies now are.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any General Court of Proprietors to alter or change, or to direct, or order, or authorize, the altering or changing, any Resolution of the Court of Directors, or to refeind, revoke, suspend, or vary the lame, in so far as the same relates to the Intercourse of Foreign Nations in Amity with his Majesty and the British Territories in India.

655

r, win Li 1 mail uc luiummcm wiui any icciiy u 1 1 icauca which uum nave ucru ui may erucr-

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and any Country or State at Amity with his Majesty, or V be inconsistent with any Act or Acts of Parliament which have been passed for the Regulation

Vessels of Countries in Amity with his Majesty may import into and export from the British Possessions in India, Goods permitted by the East India Directors,

not contrary to

Treaties or Law.

---

656 C. 118, 119. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for regulating the Height between Decks of Vessels entered outwards for the Purpose of carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa.

[19th July 1797.]

'WHEREAS by an Act of the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty,

[35 Geo 3. c. 90.]

intituled, An Act for regulating the Shippings and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, it was enacted that the whole Space between Decks in such Vessels should be allotted for the Reception of Slaves, in order to their greater Comfort, and better Accommodation: And whereas it hath been found, that sufficient Provision was not made by the said Act, for the Comfort and Accommodation of the Slaves in their Apartments between the Decks of Ships so employed;' for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[No Vessel to clear outwards for carrying Slaves unless the Space allotted for the Slaves be four Feet one Inch between the Decks.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, no British Ship or Vessel shall clear outwards from any Port in his Majesty's Dominions for the Purpose of shipping or carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, in which the Space between the Decks allotted for the Reception of Slaves, under the Provisions of any former Act, shall not be, in every Part throughout the whole Length and Breadth thereof, of the full and complete perpendicular Height of four Feet one Inch at least, measuring from the upper Surface of the Lower Deck to the under Surface of the Upper Deck.

[One decked Vessel to have a false Deck in the Hold.]

II. 'And whereas Ships and Vessels having only one Deck are sometimes used for shipping and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa,' be it further enacted, That in all such Vessels a Floor or False Deck shall be fixed in the Hold, for the Reception of the Slaves, which shall be taken and considered as her Lower Deck, for the Purposes of this Act.

[No Vessel to be cleared out till admeasured, and certified by the Officer of the Customs, for which he shall receive 10s. and which Certificate must be produced to the Officer at the Port of Arrival in the West Indies &c.]

III. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel Shall be permitted to clear out from any Port in Great Britain, for the Purpose of shipping and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, until the proper Officer of the Customs at such Port shall have examined and admeasured such Ship or Vessel, and shall have found her to agree in Admeasurement, and to be in every other Particular conformable to the Regulations and Restrictions required and directed by this Act, and shall have certified the same in Writing to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs at such Port; for doing which he shall be entitled to demand and receive the Sum of ten Shillings from the Master or Owner of the said Vessel, and the said Certificate shall be annexed to the Clearance of the said Vessel, and shall be produced therewith to the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs, at every Port in the West Indies or America, belonging to his Majesty, at which the said Vessel shall arrive, before any Slave or Slaves shall be permitted to be landed out of the said Vessel, at any such Port.

[False Deck not to be removed till the Slaves are Landed, on Penalty of 200l.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That after the Surveying Officer shall have examined and measured any Ship or Vessel as hereinbefore directed, it shall not be lawful for the Master or Owner thereof to remove, or cause or suffer to be removed, any Floor or False Deck which shall have been fixed in the Hold for the Reception of Slaves, as hereinbefore directed, except for the Purpose of loading or unloading his said Vessel on the outward bound Voyage, or other unavoidable Necessity, or to do, or cause or suffer to be done, any other Matter or Thing whereby the Height of the Places or Apartments allotted for the Reception of Slaves shall be diminished, until all the Slaves which shall have been taken on board such Ship or Vessel shall have been discharged or landed therefrom, under the Penalty of two hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

[Where Penalty may be sued for, which may be within three Years after the Offence, double Costs to each Party.]

V. And be it further enacted, That the Penalty inflicted by this Act, may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any Court of Record in Great Britain; and in every such Action or Suit the Party against whom Judgement shall be given, (whether Plaintiff or Defendant,) shall pay Double Costs of Suit; and every such Action shall and may be brought at any Time within three Years after the Offence committed, and not afterwards, and every such Action shall be carried on without wilful Delay.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts in His Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in America, as makes Negroes Chattels for the Payment of Debts.

[19th July 1797.]

[5 Geo. 2. c. 7. recited.]

'WHEREAS by an Act, which was passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts in his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in America, it was enacted and declared, that, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, the Houses, Lands, Negroes, and other hereditary and Real Estates, situate or being within any of the said Plantations, belonging to any Person indebted, should be liable to, and chargeable with, all just Debts, Duties, and Demands, of what Nature or Kind

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 119 - 122. 657

soever, owing by any such Person to his Majesty, or any of his Subjects, and should and might be assessed for the Satisfaction thereof, in like Manner as Real Estates are, by the Law of England, liable to the Satisfaction of Debts due by Bond, or other Specialty, and should be subject to the like Remedies, Proceedings, and Process, in any Court of Law or Equity in any of the said Plantations respectively, for seizing, extending, selling, or disposing of every such Houses, Lands, Negroes, and other Hereditaments and Real Estates, towards the Satisfaction of such Debts, Duties, and Demands, and in like Manner as Personal Estates, in any of the said Plantations respectively, are seized, extended, sold, or disposed of, for the Satisfaction of Debts: And whereas it is deemed expedient that the said recited Act, so far as it relates to Negroes, should be repealed:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[So much of recited Act as relates to Negroes in his Majesty's Plantations, repealed.]

that so much of the said in Part recited Act, as relates to Negroes in his Majesty's Plantations, is hereby repealed and made void, and shall be of no Effect in future; any Thing in the above Act, or any other to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXX.

An Act further to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England; as revived, amended, and continued, by a subsequent Act of this Session, passed for the Purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing the same; and also for continuing such subsequent Act.

[19th July 1797.]

[37 Geo. 3. c. 32, and 61, recited, and continued until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session. Act may be altered or repealed this Session.]

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to explain an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries.

[19th July 1797.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[35 Geo. 3. c. 92. recited.]

---

intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries, it is amongst other Things enacted, that no Premium, granted by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, for or on account of any Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery, unless the Premium shall be claimed within two Months from the Time of the Crew being mustered inwards by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs; and such Claim shall be made in Writing by Application of the Owner or Owners of every Ship or Vessel to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Provision should be construed to apply to Ships or Vessels fitted and cleared out for the Purpose of carrying on such Fishery before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five*,’ be it enacted and declared by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Provision in recited Act respecting Payment of Premium, to apply only to Vessels fitted out subsequent to November 1, 1795.]

That the said Provision shall be deemed and taken to apply to such Ships and Vessels which have fitted and cleared out since the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or which may hereafter, during the Continuance of the said Act, fit and clear out for the Purpose of carrying on such Fishery, and to none others.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act for the better preventing the forging or counterfeiting the Names of Witnesses to Letters of Attorney, or other Authorities or Instrumems, for the Transfer of Stocks or Funds, which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be made, transferable at the Bank of England; or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England called Bank Stock; or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock, or any Stocks or Funds under the Management of the South Sea Company; or for the Transfer uf any Part of the Capita) Stock of the East India Company; or for the Receipt of Dividends upon any of such Stocks or Funds.

[19th July 1797.]

WHEREAS by the several Acts of Parliament creating and authorizing the Transfer and Management of the Public Stocks, Funds, and Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, it is provided that all Arguments, or Transfers thereof, shall be entered and registered in Books to be kept by the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, which Entries shall

65B

V f

Cap. lit

m

t

Persons forging the Name* of Witnesses to Instruments for the Transfer, or Receipt of Dividends, of Stocks at the Bank,'oi of the South Sea or

Raff India Company’s Stocks, to be guilty of Felony.

Public Act.

Pet fens administering unlawful Oaths, or

taking them vo.

658 C. 122, 123. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized in Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and the same Regulation is preferred and observed with respect to the Attestation of Letters of Attorney for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company called Bank Stock: And whereas, by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne*y and by the Charter of the Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery commonly called The South Sea Company, and by several Acts of Parliament, creating and authorizing the Transfer and Management of the Stock of the said

Company commonly called South Sea Stocky and other Stocks and Funds arising the reout, or transferrable at the South Sea House, it is provided that all Assignments and Transfers thereof shall be entered and registered in Books kept by the said Governor and Compay, which Entries shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments and Transfers, or if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attornies, thereunto lawfully authorized in Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals: And whereas all Assignments and Transfers of the Capital Stock of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, are entered and registered in Books kept by the said United Company, and such Assignments and Transfers shall be signed by the Parties making the same; and if such Parties be absent, then by their respective Attorney or Attornies, thereunto authorized in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the Prevention of all Frauds and Impositions upon the said respective Governors and Companies, and the said United Company, respecting the Transfer of, or the Receipt of Dividends upon, any of the Public Funds or Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, or of Bank Stock, or of the Capital Stock of the said South Sea Company, or of the said United Company, or any other Stocks or Funds arising the reout, or transferable, or which shall hereafter be made transferable, at the South Sea House or East India House respectively:’ Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the falsely making, forging, or counterfeiting, the Name or Names, Hand Writing or Hands Writing, of any Person or Persons as, or purporting to be, the Witness or Witnesses attesting the Execution of any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority, or Instrument, to transfer, assign, fell, or convey, any Interest, Part, or Share, of or in any Stock or Stocks, Annuity or Annuities, or other Funds, or the Dividends thereof, transferable, or which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall hereafter be made transferable at the Bank of England, or of or in the Capital Stock belonging, or which hereafter shall or may belong, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England called Bank Stocky or to the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery as aforesaid, or under their Care or Management, or of or in the Capital Stock belonging, or which hereafter shall or may belong, to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies^ commonly called East hidia Stocky or of any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument, to receive any Dividend or Dividends, on any of the said Stocks, Annuities, or other Funds, or shall utter or publish, as true, any such Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument, containing such false, forged, or counterfeited Name or Names, Hand Writing or Hands Writing, of such attesting Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, knowing such Name or Names, Hand Writing or Hands Writing, to be false, forged, or counterfeited, all and every Person or Persons whatever so offending, and being in due Form of Law convicted of any such Oft'ence or Offences as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for seven Years, or shall be adjudged to fuller such Idler Punishment as the Court, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, shall think ht to award.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

V

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act for more effectually preventing the administering or taking of unlawful Oaths.

[19th July 1797.]

WHEREAS divers wicked and evil-disposed Persons have of late attempted to seduce Persons serving in his Majesty's Forces by Sea and Land, and others of his Majesty's Subjects, from their Duty and Allegiance to his Majesty, and to incite them to Acts of Mutiny and Sedition, and have endeavoured to give Effect to their wicked and traiterous Proceedings, by imposing, upon the Persons whom they have attempted to seduce, the pretended Obligation of Oaths unlawfully administered Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Person or Persons who shall, in any Manner or Form whatsoever, administer, or cause to be administered, or be aiding or assisting at, or present at and confcnting to, the administering or taking of any Oath or Engagement,

tricesimo sept

C. 123

125

6 59

Persons compelled to take such Oaths, not

justified, unless they declare the same within four Days*

purporting or intended to bind the Person taking the same to engage in any mutinous or (editions Pur- luntarily, to be pole; or to duturb the public Peace; or to be of any Association, Society, or Confederacy, formed for any such &uil,y Ff’ Purpose; or to obey the Orders-or Commands of any Committee or Body of Men not lawfully con- able wUhTeven stituted, or of any Leader or Commander, or other Person not having Authority by Law for that Pur- Years’ Trans-pole; or not to inform or give Evidence against any Associate, Confederate, or other Person; or not to portation. reveal or discover any unlawful Combination or Confederacy; or not to reveal or discover any illegal Ad done or to be done; or not to reveal or discover any illegal Oath or Engagement which may have been administered or tendered to or taken by such Person or Persons, or to or by any other Person or Person?, or the Import of any such Oath or Engagement; shall, on Conviction thereof by due Course of Law, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and may be transported for any Term of Years not exceeding seven Years; and every Person who shall take any such Oath or Engagement, not being compelled thereto, shall, 011 Conviction thereof by due Course of Law, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and may be transported for any Term of Years not exceeding seven Years.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Compulsion shall not justify or excuse any Person taking such Oath or Engagement, unless he or (lie shall, within four Days after the taking thereof, if not prevented by actual Forte or Sickness, and then within four Days after the Hindrance produced by such Force or Sickness shall cease, declare the same, together with the Whole of what he or she shall know touching the same, and the Person or Persons by whom, and in whose Presence, and when and where, such Oath or Engagement was administered or taken, by Information on Oath before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, or his Majesty's Privy Council; or, in case the Person taking such Oath or Engagement shall be in actual Service in his Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, then by such Information on Oath as aforesaid, or by Information to his Commanding Officer.

III. And be it further enacted, That Persons aiding and affixing at, or present at and consenting to, the administering or taking of any such Oath or Engagement as aforesaid, and Persons causing any such Oath or Engagement to be administered or taken, though not present at the administering or taking thereof, shall be deemed principal Offenders, and shall be tried as such, although the Persons or Person who actually administered such Oath or Engagement; if any such there shall be, shall not have been tried or convicted.

Tent, to be deemed Principals.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary, in any Indictment against any Person or InMi&ment* Persons administering, or causing to be administered or taken, or taking any such Oath or Engagement as aforesaid, or aiding or assisting at, or present at and consenting to, the administering or taking thereof, to set forth the Words of such Oath or Engagement; and that it shall be sufficient to let forth the Purport of such Oath or Engagement, or some material Part thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Engagement or Obligation whatsoever, in the

Nature of an Oath, shall be deemed an Oath within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, in whatever Form or Manner the same shall be administered or taken; and whether the same shall be actually administered by any Person or Persons to any other Person or Persons, or taken by any Person or Persons without any Administration thereof by any other Person or Persons.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed against this Act on the High Seas, or out of this Realm, or within that Part of Great Britain called England\ shall and may be prosecuted, tried, and determined, before any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Claol Delivery, for any County in that Part of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form as if such Offence had been therein committed; and if committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^ shall and may be prosecuted, tried, and determined, either before the Judiciary Court at Edinburgh, or in any of the Circuit Courts in that Part of the United Kingdom.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That any Person who shall be tried, and acquitted or convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall not be liable to be indicted, prosecuted, or tried again, for the same Offence or Fad, as High Treason, or Misprision of High Treason; and that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to prevent any Person guilty of any Offence against this Act, and who shall not be tried for the same as an Offence against this Act, from being tried for the same as High Treason, or Misprision of High Treason, in such Manner as if this Act had not been made.

Persons aiding, &c. at taking such Oaths, or causing them to be administered, though not pre-

it shall be sufficient to set forth the Purport of such Oaths.

Engagements in the Nature of an Oath, to be deemed Oaths, &c.

Where Offences may be prosecuted.

CAP. CXXIV.

Persons trie* under this Act, not to be tried again for the same Offence; but if not so tried, may be tried as for High Treason, lcc«

An Act to make perpetual an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

[19th July 1797.]

5 Geo. 2. c. 30. recited, and made perpetual."

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Biscuit, or Pease, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said IQands, for a limited Time.

[19th July 1797.]

w

" prohibit the Exportation of Corny Mealy Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corny and

660 tricesimo septimo

37 Geo. 3. c. 7.

ji Geo. 3. c. 30.

His Majesty in Council may allow additional Quantities of Wheat, fee. to be exported to Guernsey, Jersey, and Alder-j»oy.

25

33 Geo. 3. c. 65.

D

passed in the thirty-nrlt Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; the other in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act

4C other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time* in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty; and for permitting Wheat, Wheat Flour, and Meal, imported, in order to obtain the Bounties granted by an Act of " the last Session of Parliament, but which have not been found fit for making Bread, to be used in the Manufacture of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Distillation of Low Wines and Spirits," which Act Is to continue in force until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, il is enabled*, that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Councilor by Order in Council, to permit, notwithstanding the Prohibition in the fakl Act, the carrying coastwise, or carrying out, or the Exportation of the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles mentioned in the said Act, for all or any of the Purposes mentioned in two Acts, one

on

, An Act

to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,44 An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn importedY 44 and of the Bounty on Britishi Corn exportedf or either of them, in like Manner, and in the same Pro- portions and Quantities, and from and to the same Ports and Places as is allowed by the said two lad rnen- tioned Acts, or either of them, at such Times as any of the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, are prohibited to be exported, subject to the Regulations therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that a greater Quantity of Corn, and other Articles, should be allowed to be exported to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, than is permitted by the said two Acts Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, or by Order id Council, during the Continuance of the said first-mentioned Act, to allow, in Addition to the Quantities allowed in the said two Acts, the Exportation to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, of any Quantity, not exceeding ten thousand Quarters, of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Biscuit, or Peas, subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, Forfeitures and Penalties, as are by the said two Acts, or by either of them, in such Case required and imposed.

---

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to prevent the counterfeiting any Copper Coin in this Realm made, or to be made, current by Proclamation, or any Foreign Gold or Silver Coin; and to prevent the bringing into this Realm, or uttering, any counterfeit Foreign Gold or Silver Coin.

[19th July 1797.]

'WHEREAS the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, by their unanimous Address to his Majesty, have requested that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that Measures might be taken for procuring an immediate Supply of such Copper Coinage as might be best adapted to the Payment of the laborious Poor; and it is necessary that so much of the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

[15 Geo. 2. c. 28. and]

intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the Current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying false or counterfeit Coin, as relates to the Copper Monies of this Realm commonly called An Halfpenny and A Farthing; and also the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[11 Geo. 3. c 40. recited.]

intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm; and all other Provisions made by Law concerning the Copper Monies of this Realm commonly called An Halfpenny and A Farthing, should be extended to such Copper Money as may be coined and issued in pursuance of such Address, and all other Copper Monies of this Realm, which may be hereafter coined and issued by his Majesty's Authority:' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[So much of first recited Act, as relates to Halfpence and Farthings, and the last recited Act, and all others relating to Copper Money of this Realm, to extend to all Copper Money ordered by Proclamation to be taken as Current Money.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the Current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying false or counterfeit Coin, as relates to the Copper Monies of this Realm commonly called An Halfpenny and A Farthing; and also the said Act of the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm; and all and every other Acts and Act of Parliament concerning the Copper Monies of this Realm commonly called An Halfpenny and A Farthing, or any other Copper Money of this Realm, shall extend, and be construed, deemed, and taken to extend, to all such Pieces of Copper Money as shall be coined and issued by Order of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and as shall, by his or their Royal Proclamation,-be ordered to be deemed and taken as Current Money of this Realm; and that all and every the Provisions in such Acts, or any of them contained, shall extend, and be construed, deemed, and taken to extend, to all such other Pieces of Copper Money as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as if such Pieces had been particularly mentioned and described in such Acts respectively.

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 126. 661

[Persons counterfeiting Foreign Gold or Silver Coin guilty of Felony; punishable by seven Years' Transportation.]

II. 'And whereas the Practice of counterfeiting Foreign Gold and Silver Coin, and the bringing into this Realm, and uttering within the same, false and counterfeit Foreign Gold and Silver Coin, and particularly Pieces of Gold Coin commonly called Louis d'Or, and Pieces of Silver Coin commonly called Dollars, hath of late greatly increased; and it is expedient that Provision should be made more effectually to prevent the same;' be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, make, coin, or counterfeit, any Kind of Coin not the proper Coin of this Realm, nor permitted to be current within the same, but resembling, or made with Intent to resemble or look like, any Gold or Silver Coin of any Foreign Prince, State, or Country, or to pass as such Foreign Coin, such Person or Persons offending therein, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and may be transported for any Term of Years not exceeding seven Years.

[as also Persons bringing it into the Realm, or passing it.]

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, bring into this Realm any such false or counterfeit Coin as aforesaid, resembling, or made with Intent to resemble or look like, any Gold or Silver Coin of any Foreign Prince, State, or Country, or to pass as such Foreign Coin, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, to the Intent to utter the same within this Realm, or within any Dominions of the same, all and every such Person or Persons shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and may be transported for any Term of Years not exceeding seven Years.

[Penalty for tendering in Payment such counterfeit Coin; first Offence 6 Months' Imprisonment; second Offence a Years; third Offence Felony without Benefit of Clergy.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, utter or tender in Payment, or give in Exchange, or pay or put off to any Person or Persons, any such false or counterfeit Coin as aforesaid, resembling, or made with Intent to resemble or look like, any Gold or Silver Coin of any Foreign Prince, State, or Country, or to pass as such Foreign Coin, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, and shall be thereof convicted, every Person so offending shall suffer six Months Imprisonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for six Months more, to be computed from the End of the said first six Months; and if the same Person shall afterwards be convicted a second Time for the like Offence of uttering, or tendering in Payment, or giving in Exchange, or paying, or putting off, any such false or counterfeit Coin as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, such Persom shall, for such second Offence, suffer two Years' Imprisonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for two Years more, to be computed from the End of the said first two Years; and if the same Person shall afterwards offend a third Time, in uttering or tendering in Payment, or giving in Exchange, or paying, or putting off, any such false or counterfeit Coin as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, and shall be convicted of such third Offence, he or she shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy-.

[Clerk of the Assize or of the Peace to certify the Conviction of any Person for uttering counterfeit Coin.]

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be convicted of uttering or tendering any such false or counterfeit Coin as aforesaid, and shall afterwards be guilty of the like Offence in any other County, City, or Place, the Clerk of the Assize or Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where such former Conviction shall have been had, shall, at the Request of the Prosecutor, or any other on his Majesty's Behalf, certify the same by a Transcript, in few Words, containing the Effect and Tenor of such Conviction; for which Certificate two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid; and such Certificate, being produced in Court, shall be sufficient Proof of such former Conviction.

[Penalty on Persons having more than five Pieces of counterfeit Foreign Coin; from 5l. to 40s. each Piece; or 3 Months' Imprisonment.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall have in his, her, or their Custody, without lawful Excuse, any greater Number of Pieces than five Pieces, of false or counterfeit Coin, of any Kind or Kinds, resembling, or made with Intent to resemble or look like, any Gold or Silver Coin or Coins of any Foreign Prince, State, or Country, or to pals as such Foreign Coin, every such Person, being thereof convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and lose all such false and counterfeit Coin, which shall be cut in Pieces, and destroyed, by Order of such Justice, and shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds nor less than forty Shillings, for every such Piece of false or counterfeit Coin which shall be found in the Custody of such Person, one Moiety to the Informer of Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit the Person who shall be adjudged to pay the same to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, for the Space of three Calendar Months, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

[Justices may grant Warrant for searching suspected Places for counterfeit Foreign Coin.]

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Justice of the Peace, on Complaint made before him, upon the Oath of one credible Person, that there is just Cause to suspect that any one or more Person or Persons is or are, or hath or have been, concerned in making or counterfeiting any such false or counterfeit Coin as aforesaid, resembling, or made with Intent to resemble or look like, any Gold or Silver Coin of any Foreign Prince, State, or Country, or to pass as such Foreign Coin, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice, to cause the Dwelling House, Room, Workshop, Outhouse, or Other Building, Yard, Garden, or other Place, belonging to such suspected Person or Persons, or where any such Person or Persons shall be suspected to carry on any such making or counterfeiting, to be searched for any such false or counterfeit Coin, or for Tools or Implements for coining such Life or counterfeit Coin, or for Materials for making or coining the same;

[Such counterfeit Coin, and Tools and Materials, may be seized and carried before a Justice, who shall secure the]

and if any such false or counterfeit Coin, or any such Tools or instruments, or any such Materials for making any such false or counterfeit Coin, shall be found in any Place so searched, or if any such Tools, Implements, or Materials, shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons whomsoever, not having the same by some lawful Authority, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, discovering the same, to seize, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to seize, such false or counterfeit Coin, Tools Implements, and

662 C. 126, 127. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

[same as Evidence, and to be afterwards destroyed.]

Materials, and to carry the same forthwith to a Justice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where the same shall be seized, who shall cause the same to be secured and, produced in Evidence against any Person or Persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, in some Court of Justice proper for the Determination thereof; and after such Time as any such false or counterfeit Coin, or any such Tools, Implements, or Materials, shall have been produced in Evidence as aforesaid, as well so much and such Parts thereof as shall have been so produced, as every other Part thereof so seized, and not made use of in Evidence, shall forthwith, by Order of the Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order of some Justice of the Peace, in case there shall be no such Trial, be defaced or destroyed, or otherwise disposed of, as such Court or such Justice shall direct.

[No Proceedings before a Justice to be quashed for Want of Form, &c.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act before any Justice of the Peace, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

[Limitation of Actions.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case the said Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere;

[General Issue.]

and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit so to be brought may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

[Treble Costs.]

the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to shorten the Time now required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, that the Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business; and more effectually to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the Case of a Demise of the Crown.

[19th July 1797.]

---

His Majesty may issue his Proclamation for the meeting of Parliament in not iefs than 14 Days from the Date.

6 Anna?, Cap. 7, §6. recited, and repealed.

0k

In case of the King’s Demise, after the Dissolution of a Parliament and previous to the Day appointed for the assembling a new one; the last

WHEREAS it is expedient to shorten the Time now required for giving Notice of the Royal ln- tention of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, that the Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business be it therefore enacted by the King’s^most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be pleased, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council of his Majesty,* his Heirs-or Successors, to issue his or their Royal Proclamation, giving Notice of his or their Royal Intention that Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business on any Day being not less than fourteen Days from the Date of such Proclamation, the same shall be a full and sufficient Notice to all Persons whatever of such the Royal Intention of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Parliament shall thereby (land prorogued to the Day and Place therein declared, notwithstanding any previous Prorogation of the Parliament to any longer Day, and notwithstanding any former Law, Usage or Practice to the contrary.

II. And whereas by rn Act, made in the sixth Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line* it is amongst other Things enacted, that in case there is no Parliament in being at the Time of the Demise of her said Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, that hath met and fat, then the last preceding Parliament shall immediately convene and fit at Westminster, and be a Parliament to continue as therein mentioned, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Parliament had never been dissolved, but subject to be pro- rogued and dissolved as therein provided: And whereas great Inconvenience may arise from the said Provi- fibn,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited

shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Demise of his Majesty*

his Heirs or Successors, subsequent to the Dissolution or Expiration of a Parliament, and before the Day appointed by the Writs of Summons for assembling a new Parliament then, and in such Case, the last preceding Parliament shall immediately convene and fit at Westminster, and be a Parliament, to continue for and during the Space of six Months, and no longer, to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Parliament had not been dissolved or expired, but subject to be (boner prorogued or dissolved by the Person to whom the Crown of this Realm of Great Britain shall come, remain, and be, according to the Acts for limiting and settling the Succdfion to the same. Ak

preceding Parliament to meet and fit.

, f

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 127 - 134.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Demise of any such his Majesty's Heir or Successor within the said Period of six Months, limited for the Duration of the said last preceding Parliament, and before the same shall have been dissolved by such his Majesty's Heir or Stic-cessor, or after the same shall have been so dissolved, and before a new Parliament shall have met in the Manner herein after provided, then, and in every such Case, the said last preceding Parliament shall immediately convene and fit, and continue to be a Parliament, to all Intents and Purposes, for and during six Months longer, to be computed from and immediately after such last-mentioned Demise, but subject to be sooner prorogued or dissolved by the Person who shall then succeed as aforesaid to the Crown of this Realm of Great Britain, and so as often as any such Demise shall happen before a new Parliament shall have met in Manner herein after provided. shall have been dissolved, and before a new one

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Demise of his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, on the Day appointed by the Writs of Summons for calling and assembling a new Parliament, or at any Time after such Day so appointed, and before such new Parliament shall have met and fat such new Parliament shall, immediately after such Demise, convene and fit at Westminster, and be a Parliament, to all Intents and Purposes, to continue for and during the Term of six Months, and no longer, but subject to be sooner prorogued or dissolved as aforesaid.

663

and so In case of the Demise of a Successor to the Crown Within six Months after his Succession, without his having dissolved the Parliament, or after the same shall have met;

In case of the King’s Demise on or after the Day appointed for the assembling a new

Parliament, such new Parliament to meet and fit.

M A

tt

U

SET' cap. cxxviii.

An Act for assessing the Commissioners of the Tax Office, and their Officers, to the Land Tax, in the District called Offices executed in Westminster Hall\ notwithstanding the Removal of the said Tax Office into Somerset Place.

[191(1^1797.]

Land Tax Act of this Session (c. 2.) recited. Commissioners and Officers of the Tax Office to be assessed in the District of Westminster Hall. Proportionate Part to be paid to the Collectors of the Duchy Liberty. Previous Assessmen*" u~n —a r

deemed invalid.

[Public Act.]

Assessments in the District of Westminster Hall, and those made in the Duchy Liberty, This Act shall not make any Person assessable who was not so before.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Dorset, with Water.

[19th July 1797.]

fcKaRl c A P* cxxx-

An Act for discontinuir]g the New Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, and for repealing several Acts relating thereto, and for providing for the Discharge of a Debt accrued on account thereof; and for making Reparation for certain Lolles; and for the Improvement of the Old Harbour of Rye.

. [‘9th July 1797.]

CAP. CXXXI.

7 Geo. t. c. 9.

9 Geo. 1. c. 30. ‘lo Geo. 1. c. 7. ji Geo. 2. c. 7. Geo. 85. 4 Geo. 3. c. 72. 18 Geo. 3. c. 32. all repealed.

An Act

Southamp

p he ivioerties or the i own anu bounty thence to Titchfield in the said County of Southampton.

within

'hi

e Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the said Bridge, and from-

['9^ .797.]

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining the Harbour of Saltcoats in the County of *dyr.

[19th July 1797.]

CAP. CXXXIII

An Act for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of Modern Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery, in Fleet Street, by way of Chance.

[19th July 1797.]

J a i

Irl t cap. cxxxi

1

An Act for granting to His Majesty a further additional Duty on Horles kept and used for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[20th July 1797.]

I A

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

a mumbled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, and making an Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent f the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

664

An additional Duty of 5s. to

be paid for each Hci l'c kept above one for ricUng, 01 drawing certain Carriages.

Duty to be In addition to former Duties,

imposed by Stats. 24 Geo 3. c. 31. 29 Geo. 3. c. 49. 36 Geo. 3.

and to be fufc-jedl to tol. per Cent, on the Amount.

Commissioners for Taxes to put this Act in Execution.

Mode of making the ArTell*-ment of 20l. per Cent, and returning the same to the Commissioners.

First AfliflT-ment to be for three Quarters, from July 5, 1797 j and afterwards for a Year and to be -paid Quarterly.

Duties to be assessed, kc. as others under the Management of the Commissioners for Taxes.

C. 134. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Authority of the same, That, upon every Assessment which shall be made from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the further additional Duty following; that is to say, That every Person who shall keep and use more than one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other Carriage, by whatever Name such Carriage is now, or hereafter may be called or known, for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty, heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and now transferred to and under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, is payable, shall be charged with the further additional Annual Duty of five Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, or Gelding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Rate and Duty hereby imposed shall be paid over and above, and in addition to, the respe<Stive Rates and Duties granted by certain Acts of the twenty-fourth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Horses, Mares, or Geldings, kept and used for the Purpose of riding, or drawing any such Carriage or Carriages as are therein respectively enumerated.

c. 16. i t SH Ml

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Rate or Duty by this Act imposed, as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall be subject and liable to an additional Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Produce and Amount contained in any Assessment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better assessing, levying, collecting, and paying, the before-mentioned Duties by this Act imposed, the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall hereafter be authorized or appointed, for putting in Execution the Acts relative to the present Duties on Horses, Mares, and Geldings, or any other Duties placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act with relation to the aforesaid Duty, and the Powers herein contained, in all and Angular the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors respectively appointed, or who shall be appointed, in Manner aforesaid, shall be Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act, according to the respective Powers and Authorities gtv?n to them by the former Acts hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them; and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons aforesaid being duly qualified to ad in the Execution of the said several Acts as before mentioned, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the aforesaid Rate or Duty hereby imposed, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorized to put in Execution the said several Acts relative to the Rates and Duties on Horses, Mares, and Geldings, or any Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the several Assessors, in making the Assessf-

ment under this present Act of the additional Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds t>er Centum, to assess the Sum of twenty Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of all the former Rates and Duties contained in any Assessment whereon the Rates of twenty Pounds per Centum are imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and the Rate and Duty imposed by this Act, in one Sum, and by one Assessment and Charge, instead of diflind Assessments and Charges, and to return the same to the respective Commissioners, in the Manner and under the Regulations and Directions prescribed by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and that the respective Collectors shall and may collect and receive the said Duties accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the first Assessment under this Act shall be made for

three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and that from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Assessments under this Act shall be made for one Year from the fifth Day of April in each Year and that the Duty so to be assessed shall be paid Quarterly, at the Time and in Manner following; that is to say. On the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by equal Portions; the first of the said Payments on the said Assessment for three Quarters of a Year to be made on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven. - < - ifil T 1

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Rate or Duty by this Act imposed shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, received, paid over, and accounted for, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to sech Rules, Methods, and Directions, and subject to such Provisoes and Exemptions by which the former Rates and Duties on Horses used as aforesaid were or might be assessed, raised, levied, collected, received, paid over, and accounted for, or by any of them, as the same now remain in force, and are applicable to the said additional Kate or Duty hereby imposed, and are not alien'd by this Act; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to the former Rates and Duties on Horses, or any of them, or any Act or Acts therein referred to, now in force, for the assessing, surcharging, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Rates and Duties thereby granted, as far as the same are applicable to the Rate and Duty by this Act imposed, and not repugnant thereto, shall be in force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessing, surcharging, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, receiving, paying, and accounting for the

13 Kata

665

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 134,135.

Rate or Duty by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Exemption^, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and rc-enacted in this Act. " i‘ -r; v

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said several Acts of the twenty-fourth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in any of them, or in this Act contained, shall be construed to extend to charge with the Duty by the said several Acts or this Act imposed, any Person duly licensed to keep any Carriage whatever to be employed as a Public Stage Coach, or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Pasteng<'rs for Hire from d'fterent Places in Great Britain, in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which is of shall be actually and solely used and employed by such Person in drawing such Stage Coach or Carriage from Place to Place for Hire; any Thing in any of the said Acts, or this Act, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said Rate or Duty hereby imposed,

(the necessary Charges of laifing and accounting, for the same excepted,) shall from Time to Tune be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund. f > .1 a j r :> 1 '

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the Duty by this Act imposed, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised, or Stock created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament \ and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty hereby imposed and paid into the said Receipt shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted or to be granted in this Seftionl of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies, and Shares of Personal Estate, and for granting ether Duties thereon, in certain cases.

[20th July 1797.]

c II WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An

V V Ati for repealing certain Duties on Legacies* and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other

Duties t he re oni in certain cases; it is enacted, that where, by reason of the Infancy, or Absence beyond

the Seas, of any Person entitled to any Legacy, or to the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part thereof, chargeable with Duty by virtue of the said" Act, the Person or Persons having or taking the Bur-

then of any Will or Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of such Personal Estate, cannot pay

such Legacy, or some Part thereof, although he, she, or they may have Eftefts for that Purpose, orcan- not pay such Residue, or some Part thereof, although lie, (he, or they may have the same, or some Part

thereof, in his, her, or their Hands; it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to pay such Legacy or

Residue, or any Part or Parts thereof, respectively, or any Sum or Sums of Money on account thereof, 4 after deducting the Duty chargeable thereon, into the Bank of England, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to the Account of the Person or Persons for whose Benefit the same shall be fopaid; for Payment of which Money the said Accountant General shall give his Ceftifi- cate, as usual in such cases, on Production of the Certificate of the Commissioners of Stamps that the Duty thereon hath been duly paid, and such Payment into the Bank shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Aloney lo paid in, provided the Duty be also paid thereon as aforesaid; and such Money, when paid in,

shall be laid out by the said Accountant General, without any formal Request for that Purpose, in the

Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, which, with the Dividends thereon, shall be transfeired and paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or otherwise applied for his or their Bene- fit, on Application to the Court of Chancery by Petition, or Motion in a funimary Way: And whereas Money paid into the Bank of England, with the Privity of the said Accountant General, in ordinary cases, cannot, according to the Forms prescribed for that Purpose, be paid by the Bank of England* upon the Draft of the said Accountant General, unless the same drill be-entered and signed by the Register of the said Court of Chancery, or one of his Deputies; and Doubts have been raised whether the said Register or his Deputies are authorized to enter and hgn any Draft of the said Accountant General for the Purpose of laying out Money, paid into the Bank of England in pursuance of the said Act, in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, as directed by the said Act;’ be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, "I hat whenever any Sum of Money shall be paid into the Bank of England* with the Privity of the said Accountant General, in pursuance of the said Act, the Accountant General’s Certificate of such Payment shall be filed with the Register of the said Court of Chancery, in the Office called The Report Office, in the same Manner as Certi-

37 Geo. III. 4 R ficates

Former A£s or this A rot to extend to Horse $ used by licensed Persons in the drawing of Stage Coaches, or Carriages for Hire.

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Application of Duties, which for ten Years are, with others granted for the same Purpose, to be kept separate from all other Monies.

6 Geo. 3.0. 51, 32. recited.

When Money is

paid into the Bank in pursuance of the recited Sc&ion, the Accountant

666

General’s Certificate to be filed in the Report Office, wilt re his Drafts on the Bank for the Money for Invrfiments shall he entered, and be a Warrant to the Rank for the Payment, &c.

Inrtruir.ents, (except Bills, &c.) on Stamps of a different Denomination, but of an equal or greater Value than the proper St imp, on Production at the Stamp Office, and Payment of the legal Duty and 5l. Penalty, m3y he ft2uapt with the p.oper Stamp.

Infi rements (Pills, &c. excepted) un-stamped, or on Stamps of lefi than the legal Value, may he duly flanr.pt on Faymint of the Duty, and 10l. Penalty, for each Skin, S»c.

C. 135,136. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

ficates of Payment of Money paid into the Bank of England* with the Privity of the said Accountant General, in pursuance of any Order of the said Court, are usually hied; and when the said Accountant General shall have drawn any Draft on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for Payment of such Money, in the usual Form, for the Purpose of applying the same in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities in pursuance of the said Act, such Draft shall be carried to the said Report Office, and entered and signed by the Register, or one of his Deputies, in the same Manner as Drafts drawn by the said Accountant General, in pursuance of any Order of the said Court, are usually entered and signed; and every such Draft so drawn, entered, and ligned as aforesaid, shall be a Warrant to the said Governor and Company for Payment of the Money specified in such Draft, in the same Manner as Drafts of the said Accountant General, drawn, entered, and signed, in pursuance of any Order of the said Court, are Warrants to the said Governor and Company fjr Payment of Money in other cases; and the said Court of Chancery shall, from Time to Time, make all and every such Orders and Order as shall be necefl iry for carrying the Purposes of the said Act, and of this Act, respecting any Money so to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, into Execution; and such Orders or Order shall and may he made, either in any particular Matter, or for the general Purposes of the said Act, and of this Act, or either of them, as Occasion shall require, and as to the said Court shall seem fit; and such Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery shall be sufficient Warrant to the said Accountant General, and to the said Register, and his Deputies and Officers, and to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to all Person and Persons whomsoever, for all T hings which shall be done in pursuance of any such Order or Orders, to all intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to stamp Deeds, and other Instruments, Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, in the Cases therein mentioned.

[20th July 1797.]

WHEREAS Deeds and other Instruments cannot be given in Evidence, nor are in any Manner avail- able unless damped with the proper Stamps, provided for such Purpose: And whereas, from the Variety of Stamps provided for different Purposes, Mistakes have arisen and may again arise in the Use of such Stamps, for want of knowing the proper Denomination or Value required in particular cases: And whereas in many Instances such Instruments cannot be stamped after Execution, without paying accumu- lated Penalties, under Acts passed from Time to Time for imposing Stamp Duties:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereupon any Instrument, Matter, or Thing, (except Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, Drafts, or Orders,) shall have been or shall be engrossed, printed, or written, liable in respect thereof to be stamped with a Stamp or Stamps of a particular Denomination or Value, and whereon there is or shall be^ impressed any Stamp or Stamps of a different Denomination, but of an equal or greater Value with the Stamp or Stamps required at the Time of making, signing, or executing the said Instrument, Matter, or 'I hing, shall be produced to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties at their Head Office of Stamps, or to such Officer as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall appoint for such Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Officer as aforesaid, in every such Case, and upon Payment of the Duty by Law payable for such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, in respect of the Instrument, Matter, or Thing engrossed, printed, or written thereon, at the Time such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper shall be produced as aforesaid, and one Penalty of five Pounds, to (lamp, or cause to be stamped, such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, (except as aforesaid,) with the proper Stamp or Stamps provided and in use for the lame, at the Time such V ellum, Parchment, or Paper shall be produced to be damped as aforesaid, without making any Allowance for the Stamp or Stamps before marked thereon; and every Instrument, Matter, or T hing so stamped, shall have and be deemed of the like Force and Validity in the Law, as if the same had been duly stamped before such Instrument, Matter, or Thing had been engrossed, printed, or written thereon; any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

il. And be it further enacted, That where any Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Matter or Thing (except Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, Drafts, or Orders) shall have been eng^olled, printed, or written, shall be brought to the said Commissioners to be damped after the same shall have been executed, the same not having been stamped with any Stamp, or having been stamped with a Stamp of less Value than is by Law required, and the Person or Persons producing the lame is desirous of having the same duly damped, but the same cannot, according to the Laws in Force, be damped without Payment of accumulated Penalties, exceeding ten Pounds besides the Duty; that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to direct the proper Officer or Officers, and such Officer or Officers is and are hereby required, to (lamp the fapie on Payment of the Duty by Law payable for such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, in respect of the Instrument, Matter, or Thing engrossed, printed, or written thereon, and one Penalty of ten Pounds only for every such Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, although the Duty payable for the same shall have been imposed by more than one Act of Parliament, and notwithstanding

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 136. 667

the Penalties thereupon may have accumulated to a larger Sum than the said Sum often Pounds; and every Instrument, Matter, or Thing engrafted, printed, or written on any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper so stamped as aforesaid, shall have, and be deemed of the like Force and Validity in the Law, as if the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so stamped, had been duly stamped before such Instrument, Matter, or Thing had been engrossed, printed, or written thereon; any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any Case where it shall appear to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, upon Oath or Affirmation, to be made before any one or more of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, (which Oath or Affirmation he is hereby authorized to administer,) or otherwise, to their Satisfaction, that any Instrument whatever required by Law to be engrossed, printed, or written, on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, hath not been engrossed, printed, or written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, duly stamped as aforesaid, either by Accident or Inadvertency, or from urgent Necessity, or unavoidable Circumstances, and without any Intention in any Party or Parties thereto, to defraud his Majesty of the Duties payable thereon, and such Instrument shall be brought to the said Commissioners to be stamped as aforesaid within sixty Days after the making or Execution thereof, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners of Stamp Duties to remit the Penalty payable on damping such Instrument, or any Part thereof, as they shall deem expedient; and every Person concerned in engrossing, printing, or writing any such Instrument, or in making or executing the same, shall be and is hereby freed, discharged, and indemnified from all further Penalties and Forfeitures, than such Penalties or Forfeitures or such Parts thereof as shall not be so remitted by Order of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

IV. And whereas the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp Duties have not been able to supply the different Parts of the Kingdom with sufficient Quantities of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, stamped with the additional Duties granted by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, before the Period appointed

for the Commencement of the said Duties, and several Persons have necessiirily used Instruments without such Stamps;’ be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall have used, or shall, at any Time before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, use any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which such additional Duty is imposed, and which shall be duly damped in the Manner required by the Laws in Force on and immediately before the passing of the said Act, to bring or send the same to the said Head Office at any Time before the first Day of November, in order that the same may be stamped as aforesaid, on Payment of the additional Duty granted by the said Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or their Officers appointed for such Purpose, to Aamp the same, on Payment of the said additional Duty only, without any Penalty; and ail and every Person and Persons concerned in engrossing, printing, or writing any Matter or Thing on such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as aforesaid, or in uling the fjme in Manner aforesaid, shall be and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and againA all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred thereby before the Aamping the same in Manner aforesaid.

V. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties new charged on Bills of Exchange, Promiffry Notes, and other Notes,

Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ certain Stamp Duties were imposed on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes respectively; and it was thereby enabled, that all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, before any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, liable to any Stamp Duty by the said Act imposed, should be engrossed, printed, or written there- on, should be brought to the Head Office for Aamping such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and that it should not be lawful for the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Aonped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or their Officers, to (lamp any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, at any Time after any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, should be written thereon, under any Pretence whatsoever :* Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall be the Holder or Holders of any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, made after the passing of this Act, and liable to any Stamp Duty by virtue of the said recited Act, which shall be Aamped with a Stamp of a different Denomination than is required by the said Act, if the same shall be of equal or superior Value to the Stamp required, to produce the lame, or cause the same to be produced, within the respective Limes herein after mentioned, to the Commissioners appointed to manage the said Duties, at the Head Office of Stamps in Middlesex, or to such Officer or Officers as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint for such Purpose; and it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners to direct the proper Officer or Officers, and such Officer or Officers is and are he^by required, upon Payment of the Duty payable on such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, by the said Fccited Act, and such Penalty as is herein after mentioned, over and above the said Duty, to mark or

Aamp such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, with the proper Mark or Stamp, and to give a Receipt for the Duty and Penalty so paid on the Back of such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, cr Order, so stamped; and every such Bill of Exchange, Promissory

Note, or olhtr Note, Draft, or Order, so Aamped, shall have and he deemed of the like Force and Validity in the Law* as if the same had been duly stamped according to the Directions of the said recited Act; and all and every Person or Persons procuring such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, to be Aamped as directed by this Act, shall be and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against ail Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Bill of Exchange, Promis-forv Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, not having been duly stamped according to the Directions of the said Act.

If Instrunioiik. rot duly without Intention of Fraud, he brought to be so stampt with in 60 Days after Execution, the Commissioners may remit the Penalty, fee.

The additional Duties impefid by 37 Geo. 3.

C. 90. may be flampt on

Parchment, &c.

used before Sept. 29, 1797, wmch shall be broug.it to the Head Office before Nov. 1, on Payment of Duty.

m 4# m

31 Geo. 3. c. 5, recited.

Bills of Exchange, &c. made after pairing this Act, liable to Stamp Duty under recited Act, if on Stamps of an equal or fupc-nor Value, though ot different Denominations than the legal Stamps, may be properly stampt, on Payment of the Duty, and a Penalty.

668

C.i36

138. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Penalty to be paid on stamping laid Bills; 40s if before the bill is payable; toi. after

avard*.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, shall be produced to the said Commissioners before the same shall be payable according to the Tenor and Effect thereof, the same shall be damped on Payment of the said Duty, and the Penalty of forty Shillings; but in case such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, shall be payable, according to the Tenor and Effect thereof, before the Production thereof to the said Commissioners for the Purpose before mentioned, then the same shall not be stamped, unless on Payment of the Duty and the Sum of ten Pounds for the said Penalty.

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act to

tinue for allow the

Notes for Sums under a attain Amount, for a limited "Time; and for indemnifying alt Persons who have issued Notes for frnail Sums of Aloney in that Part of the United KingdomJ for a limited Time.

797.]

37 Geo. 3. r. 40. and 37 Geo. 3. c. 62. recited. The Act last recited further continued until the Expira" tion of thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session."

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers, employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections, by extending the Provssions thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of Freeholders for Prefes or Clerk, or on any Quction relative to the Adjustment of the Roll of Freeholders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for empowering Freeholders to administer the Oath of Trust and Possession to Persons offering to vote for Preles and Clerk.

[20th July 1797.]

22 Gf 0. 3.C. 4I fc cited,

noting certain wjitter j, ernyicytu m tut collection ur iv±unagerncni oj rju j.vsujrjij j /vc verma^j > vm g* v,fl& tuctf

Votes at such Elections: And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, at the Meetings for Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by the Persons who are de-. dared by the said Act incapable of voting at such,£leftions giving their Votes for the Choice of Prefes or Clerk to the Freeholders, and on Questions relative to the Adjustment of the Roll, not only at such Elections, but at other Meetings of Freeholders, whereby the Votes of such Persons so incapacitated, although not actually given for any Member to serve in Parliament, yet may often be decisive of such Election be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons described in the said recited Act, and thereby rendered incapable of voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, shall be capable of voting at any Election for the Choice of a Prefes or Clerk to the Freeholders of any County in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or on any Questions relative to the Adjustment of the Roll of Freeholders of any such County, not only at such Elections, but at all other Meetings of the Freeholders of any such County; and if any Person, hereby made incapable of voting, shall nevertheless presume to give his Vote during the Time he shall hold, or within twelve Calendar Months after he shall cease to hold or execute, any of the Offices mentioned in the said Act, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Votes so given shall be held null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to be immediately paid into the Hands of the Clerk of the Justices of the Peace of the Counties or Stewartries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be applied and disposed of to such Purposes as the Justices at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County or Stewartry shall think fit; to be recovered by summary Complaint before the Court of Session in Scotland; and the Person convicted on any such Suit shall thereby become disabled and incapable of their bearing or executing any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever under his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person at an Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, shall offer to vote in the Election of Preles and Clerk, it shall and may be lawful for any Freeholder to put the Oath of Trust and Polled!on to him before giving his Vote, in the same Manner as is now practised after the Preles and Clerk are chosen. J $32

ing to vote for Prefes and Clerk.

N^> Person liable jj. Provided also, anti be it enacted, That no Person, shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty by this tro(S!med"11* Act laid or imposed, unless Protection be comm.need within twelve Months after such Penalty or Forfeit-

No Person described in the recited Act as incapable of voting for a Member of Parliament, to vote for a Prefes or Clerk to the Freeholders in Scotland, &c.

Penalty for voting tool.; and incapacity to serve his Majesty.

Any Freeholder may put-the Oath of Trust and PoflTcfliua to Persons offer-

within a Year.

ure shall be incuried.

11

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 139, 140. 669

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Act for allowing a further Time for carrying into Execution certain Powers contained in two Acts of the present Session of Parliament, for raising a provisional Cavalry, so far as the same relate to the registering and accepting of Volunteers in lieu of the said provisional Cavalry, in such Counties,* and Subdivisions of Counties, wherein the said Acts have not been carried into Execution.

[20th July 1797 ]

f to rajs a provisional rorce of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of for the Defense of

v__________, certain Provisions are made for raising, in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, in that Part of Great Britain called England, a Body of Cavalry for his Majesty's Service, to be kept in Readiness to be called out into actual Service whenever it shall be necessary, in order to repel any Invasion

that might be attempted by the Enemies of the Country: And whereas, by another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be em bodied, in case of Nccefity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms Powers are given to the Deputy Lieutenants and justices of the Peace, acting in the Execution of the said Acts, for any Subdivision of any County, Riding, or Tiviiion, to suspend the further Execution of the said first- mentioned Act within such Subdivision, in case three fourth Parts of the whole Number of Men to be raised within such Subdivision should be registered, within a Time therein limited, as Volunteers, raised and formed under the Authority of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom during the present l^'ar; and also to suspend the Operation of the said Act, as to classing and ballotting for the said provisional Cavalry, in cale any Number of such Volunteers should be registered for particular Clalles: And whereas certain Counties, and Subdivisions of Counties, have not proceeded to execute the first-mentioned Act; and it is expedient to allow a further Time for registering Volunteers under the Authority of the said Act of the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in order that the Execution of the said first- mentioned Act may be suspended in such Subdivisions and ClaHes respectively, in the Manner directed by and under the Terms contained in the last mentioned Act of the present Session of Parliament:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said last mentioned Act of the present Session of Parliament contained, with respect to the approving and registering of Volunteers raised or formed under the Authority of the said Act of the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, within the Time therein limited, and to the suspending the further Execution of the said Acts of the present Session of Parliament, or either of them, in the Manner therein directed, shall be, and the same are hereby extended and declared to be in full Force, until and upon the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in all and every the said Counties, and Subdivisions of the said Counties, in which the said Acts of the present Session of Parliament have not been executed; any Thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

jw*’ c. 6 and 23. extended to 0<ft. 1, 1797, in

CAP. CXL.

An Act to enable His Majesty more easily and effectually to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence by Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentences.

[20th July 1797.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide more effectually for the Performance of the Conditions upon which his Majesty may be graciously pleased to grant conditional Pardons to Offenders liable to the Punishment of Death by Sentence of Naval Courts Martial be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to extend his Mercy to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of a Naval Court Martial, upon Condition of Transportation, or of transporting himself beyond Seas, or upon Condition of being imprisoned within any Gaol in Great Britain, or on Condition of being kept to Hard Labour in any Gaol or House of Correction, or Penitentiary House, or on any River, under the Direction of any Superintendant or Superintendants legally appointed for the Charge of Offenders sentenced t) Hard Labour on such River, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, of the Degree of the Coif, upon such Intention of Meicy as aforesaid being notified in Writing by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to allow to such Offender

37 Geo. 3. c. 6.

and

c. 23 recited.

34 Geo. 3. c. 3*.

Powers of 37 Geo 3. c. 23. as to approving and registering Volunteers raised under 34 Geo. 3. c. 31. and as to suspending the further Execution of 37 GEO. 3. certain Counties.

If his Majesty shall extend his iMcrcy to Persons liable to Death by the Sentence of a Naval Court Martial, ajuflice of the King’s Bench,&c. may, on Notification

6-jo

from the Secretary of State, allow the Benefit of such conditional Pardon as if it had parted under the Great Seal, and shall make Ordtrs accordingly.

St. t. c 56.

t c. 74

The Jurtlce or Baron allowing the Pardon, to direif the Notification and Order to be filed wish the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of King’s Bench.

C. 140. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

the Benefit of such conditional Pardon as shall be expressed in such Notification, in the same Manner as if a conditional Pardon had passed for that Purpose under the Great Seal; and thereupon, whenever any such Pardon shall be granted to any such Offender upon Condition of Transportation, or of transporting himself, such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender upon the I ernis and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Acts consequent upon the same, as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign *, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, and to authorize the Removal oj Prisonenr, in certain cases; and for other Purpcfs therein mentioned; with respect to Offenders in such Act mentioned, tried at any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in England, as in the said Act mentioned; and such Order and Orders so to be made as aforesaid, and all such Acts as shall be so done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and done by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that ime be, and all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same Consequences, as any Order made under the Authority of the said Act with respect to any Offender in the said Actt mentioned; and whenever any such Pardon shall be so granted as aforesaid to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of a Naval Court Martial as aforesaid, upon Condition of being imprisoned within any Gaol in Great Britain* or on Condition of being kept to Hard Labour in any House of Correction, or Penitentiary House, or on Condition of being kept to Hard Labour, during any specified I erm, on any River, under the Direction and Management of any Superintendant or Superintendants legally appointed as aforesaid, and such Pardon shall have been allowed in Manner aforesaid by any such Justice or Baron as aforesaid, such Justice or Baron shall order such Offender to be imprisoned or kept to Hard Labour in the Manner and for the Time which shall be specified in the Notification of such conditional Pardon from such Secretary of State as aforesaid, and shall make such Order or Orders, and do all such other Acts consequent thereupon, as any Justice of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery is authorized to make or do by an Apafied in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign +, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders, with rc-(pe6t to Offenders mentioned in the said Act, and to whom conditional Pardons may be granted, as in the said Act mentioned; and such Order or Orders when made, ^nd all such other Act and^ Acts when done, by any such Justice or Baron as aforesaid, shall be as effectual,'tmd have all the same Consequences, as any Order made for the like Purpose under the Authority of the last mentioned Act, with respect to any Offender in such Act mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendant, whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be aflillant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience or interrupting the Execution of the same, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of the aforesaid Acts respectively; and every Person to whom such conditional Pardon shall be extended, shall be subject reflectively to all and every the Provision and Provisions made by Law and now in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and receiving his Majesty's Pardon on any such Condition as aforesaid. ‘

II. And be it further enacted, That when any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of any Naval Court Martial as aforesaid', shall receive and be allowed his Majesty's Pardon in Manner aforesaid, the Justice or Baron who shall allow such Pardon, and make any such Order as aforesaid under any such Notification of his Majesty's Intention as aforesaid, shall direct the said Notification, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, and to be there kept of Record; and the said Clerk of the Crown shall receive a b ee of two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, for filing the same.

When an Offender is ordered to be imprisoned, or kept to Hard Labour, the Clerk of the Crown to deliver to the Person in whose Custody he shall be, a Certificate of his Name, Offence, &c. and such Person shall deliver him and the Certificate to the Gaoler, &c.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Offender shall be ordered, by virtue of this Act, to be imprisoned or to be kept to Hard Labour in any such Manner as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Crown shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that ime be, a Certificate in Writing under his Hand, (not taking for the same more than two Shillings and Sixpence over and above what he has received for filing the said Notification and Order,) containing ai% Account of the Christian Name and Surname of such Offender, of his Offence, of the Place where the Court was held, before whom he was convicted, and of the Time for which, the Place where, and the Manner in which, he shall be ordered to be imprisoned, or to be kept to Hard Labour, in any such Manner as aforesaid; and the Person having the Custody of such Offender shall, with all convenient Speed after receiving such Certificate as aforesaid, convey such Offender, or cause him to be conveyed, to the House, Prison, or Place, to which he shall so be directed to be conveyed, and shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Offender, together with such Certificate, to the Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendant, as the Case may be, or to such Person as fi*ch Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendant, shall appoint; and the Person to whom such Offender shall be so delivered shall give a proper Receipt, in Writing under his Hand, to the Person lu delivering such Offender, for the Discharge of such Person, and such Certificate shall be kept by the Person to whom such Offender shall be so delivered, as Ills Warrant find Authority for keeping such Offender iu his Custody for such Term, and in such Manner,' as shall be therein specified.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk of the Crown of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench fit 11, upon the Application of any such Offender who shall accept his Majesty's Pardon, or of any other Person applying on his Behalf, or on the Application of any Person on Bchall of his Majesty, to deliver a

q 1

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo sept

C. 140

142

671

Certificate in Writing under his Hand, (not taking for the same more than two Shillings and Sixpence,) containing an Account of the Christian Name and Surname of such Offender, of his Offence, of the Place where the Court was held, before whom he was convicted, and of the Perms and Conditions on which his Majesty's Pardon was extended to him, which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Pardon was granted to him, in any Court, and in any Proceeding whtrein it may be necessary to enquire into the same.

v-/ruer ui 1 raniponauon Dy virtue or mis act, or in confinement unaer sentence or any L,ourt iviarti nN to such Place, in such Manner, and with such Restrictions, as he is empowered to do with respect to Offenders under Sentence of Death, but reprieved during his Majesty's Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation by the said Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners, in certain Ca/es; and/or other Purfojet therein Specified. removert by 2+ Gc0

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender under Sentence of Death by a Naval Court Martial as aforesaid, shall be allowed the Benefit of such conditional Pardon as aforesaid, all and every the Laws now in force touching the Escape of Felons under Sentence of Death shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, or assisting, in any Escape, or intended Escape, of any such Offender, or contriv-

1 Escape, from the Time when such Order shall be made by such Justice or Baron as aforesaid, in the several Proceedings which shall be had for the Purposes aforesaid.

ing any iu< and during

cate of the Name, Offence, Place of Conviction, and Terms of Pardon, which shall he Proof.

His Majesty may remove Oftendit a under Sentence ‘of Death by a Naval Court, but reprieved, Arc. as Offenders so reprieved, £re 3. ft. 2. c. 56.

Laws touching Escape of Felons under Sentence of Dtath to apply to OiFenders under like Sentence by a Naval Court, if allowed the Bene fit of a conditional Pardon.

CAP. CXLI.

An Act to enable the Deputy of the Clerk of the House of Commons, for the Time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

[20th July 1797.]

and Bombay; and for the Native Princes in

CAP. CXLII.

An Act for the better Administration of Justice at Calcutta^ Madras, preventing British Subjects from being concerned in Loans to India.

[20th July 1797.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for his Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to crcdl and establish a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, to consist of a Chief Justice and three other Justices, being Bar-rifters of Enghnd or Ireland, of not less than five Years (landing, to be named from Time to Time by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: And whereas by the said Act, and by divers other Acts of Parliament,

13 Geo. 3. c. €3,

enacieu uy UlC rVlilg, > mull CALUHUU

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately after the Death, Resignation, or Removal, of any of the Puisne Judges of the said Supreme Court, that the Office of one of the said Puisne Judges shall be and the same is hereby suppressed; and from and immediately after such Death, Resignation, or Removal, the said Supreme Court shall consist of a Chief Justice, and two other Judges only; and all Powers, Jurisdictions, and Authorities whatsoever shall, from and after such Period as aforesaid, be enjoyed and exercised by the said Chief Justice and other Judf ;cs, in as full and ample a Manner as the same might have been held, enjoyed, and exercised, by the said Supreme Court under the Authority of the said hereinbefore recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or under the Charter of Justice, granted by his Majesty under the Authority of the same.

II. And whereas his Majesty has by Law no Power to direct the Application of any Part of the Revenues of the Territorial Acquisitions in India, as a Provision for a Chief Justice, or other Judge, of the said Supreme Court, who, from Infirmity, or other causes approved of by his Majesty, may return to Europe: And whereas it is expedient that such Power, to a limited Extent, be vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Death, Resignation, or Removal, of one of the Judges of the said Supreme Court, and the Suppression of the said Office in the Manner hereinbefore directed, that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and direct the Payment of a competent Yearly Sum, out of the Revenues arising from the Territorial Acquisitions in India, to be applied for the Use

On the Death, &c. of any of the Puisne ju*e of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, it shall consist of a Chief Justice and two other Judges.

FI is Majesty may dirtft the Payment of a yearly Sum out of the Ten ito. rial Revenues, to any Chief Justice or other Judge returning to Europe.

my

Mi

672 C. 142. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Not more than 20c ol pet Ann. to be so pud to any Chief Justice, nor more than 1500l. per Ann. to any other Juclp.e, nor to any that has not refilled

IV. And whereas, by the Charter of Justice granted by his Majesty, under the Authority of the hereinbefore recited Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, the said Supreme Court of Judicature was directed and required to reduce, or cause to be reduced, to Writing, the Depositions of Witnesses in civil causes, and was directed to require the same to be subscribed by such Witnesses, with their Name or other Mark, and to file the same of Record: And whereas by the said Charter of Justice it was also directed that no Appeal should be allowed from the said Supreme Coutt of Judicature, unless the

III. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to authorize the Payment of any larger Sum for the Use and Behoof of any Chief Justice so returning as aforesaid, than the Sum of two thousand Pounds per Annum, or of any other Judge, than the Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum; nor shall it be lawful for his Majesty to authorize the Payment of any Sum whatever to any Person who has not resided in India as Judge of the said Supreme Coutt fur the Space of seven Years; nor shall it be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to authorize the Payment of any Sum which, with the Sums already directed and authorized to be paid, at the Date of such Grant, shall, in the Whole, exceed the Amount of the Salary now paid to one of the Puisne Judges of the said Supreme Court. v 'V *.

in India a» a Judge for seven Years, Sec,

The Supreme Court, where the fylattci in Dispute dees not exceed 1000 Pagodas, may

tions to be filed Value of the Matters in Dispute exceed the Sum of one thousand Pagodas: And whereas the requiring ot^Record, or i Depositions of Witnesses to be reduced into Writing, and filed of Record, is productive of much Expence and Delay in small causes, where the Value of the Matter in Dispute does not exceed one thousand Pagodas, and which, for that Reason, cannot be made the Subject of Appeal; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be in the Discretion of the said Supreme Court, in all Cases when the Value of the Matter in Difnute does not exceed one thousand Pagodas, eirher to direct the Deposition of Witnesses to be reduced inra Writing, and filed of Record, or not, as the said Court shall *, think fit, in the particular Case; any Thing in the said Charter of Justice contained to the contrary not*

withstanding. v. n] T jflL S

V. And whereas, by the said hereinbefore recited Act, it was enacted, that his Majesty might, by Charter or Letters Patent, establish a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, in the Manner, and with the Powers in the said Act mentioned; and it was also enacted, that the Supreme Court so to be erected should have Power to appoint Clerks and other Ministerial Officers, with such reasonable Salaries as should be approved of by the Governor General and Council: And whereas his Majesty did ifiuc his Royal Letters Patent, for erecting a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal; and, among other Things, Power was given to the said Supreme Court, from Time to Time,

as Occasion should require, to appoint such Clerks and Ministers as should be necessary for the Admmi- ilration of Justice, and the Execution of the Authorities granted to the Court, which said Officers and Clerks were to receive such reasonable Salaries as the said Supreme Court should appoint for each Office and Place respectively, and as the Governor General and Council should approve: And whereas the said Supreme Court did appoint certain Clerks and Ministers, with Salaries, which were approved of by the Governor General and Council: And whereas Doubts have arilen whether the said Salaries so appointed and ap- proved of as aforesaid, can be reduced or altered, or any of the said Offices abolished or supprdTed, with- out the Authority of Parliament: And whereas the Salaries paid by the East India Company to the Clerks and Ministers of the Supreme Court amount to a large Sum, and yet nevertheless the said Clerks and Ministers have, and do receive. Fees for all Business done by them in the said Court: And whereas it

may be expedient that the said Salaries should be reviewed, and that Power should be given to aiter the 4 1‘ame if necessary ;’ be it therefore enacted, That ic shall and may be lawful for the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants trading to India to direct the Chief Justice of the said Supreme Gourt to issue ? Precept or Order, directed to all and each of the Officers, Cltik, and Ministers of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, calling upon them and each of them to make a Return upon Oath, which Oath the said Chief fufiice, or any of the Judges of the said Supreme Court, are hereby empowered and required to administer, of the Amount of the Salary received by such Officer and Officers, and also a List of the Fees to which he or they are entitled, together with the Amount of the same, which have been received by such Officer for t’ne.tnrce Years next immediately preceding tile Date of the said Precept or Order.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Clerk, Officer, and Minister of the said Supreme Court, shall pay due Obedience to the said Order or Precept, and make a- tiue Return to the same within twenty Days next after the Date of the same; and if any such Officer, Minister, or

e guilty of making a false Return, or shall not set forth in the same the full Amount of the

The Court of Directors may direct the Chief Justice to issue a Precept to the Officers of the Supreme Court, to make a Return, on Oath, of their Salaries at.d fees.

Officers of the Court to make a Return 10 the Precept in 20 Days, and for ihakifig a false Return to forfeit their Offices.

Judges to take

Returns into Consideration, and report to the Governor General in

Clerk shall be.

Salary, Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments wffiich he shall have received for the last three Years, and each or any Part of the same during which he shall have been ill Office; then and in such Case such Officer shall, upon being duly convicted thereof, forfeit his said Office, and be for ever incapable of holding any Office in the said Supreme Court, or in the Service of the said United Company. 8*

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Chief Justice and other Judges of the said Supreme Court shall, as soon as they conveniently can after the Receipt of the said Returns, take the same into th( ir Consideration, and report to the Governor General in Council, under their Hands and Seals, u*i ch of the said Offices are, in their Opinion, proper to be continued, and what is the propel* Salary to be allow', 1 to each of the same, and whether any Retrenchment can, with Propriety, be made therein, with their Reasons

’ ? for

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 142

673

4^Aiviiv vj* luw ittiu i\wiiwiiviiiiitni) if any can dl indue uic laiu \juvcrnui vjrvriicrai 111 ctHi

and they are hereby empowered to alter, abridge, or abolish, all or any of the said Offices and which to them shall lb seem proper to be altered or abridged, or aboViftied, at such Time and Ti

for the same; and in case the said Chief Justice and the other Judges, or any of them, shall not agree respecting the said Report, then such of the said Judges as do dissent from the Opinion of the Majority shall also report, under his or their Hands and Seals, his or their Opinion, with the Reasons thereof} and in case the Governor General in Council do agree with the Majority of the said Supreme Court concerning the Extent of the said Retrenchment, if any can be made therein, the said Governor General in Council shall,

nd Salaries

in such Manner as they shall think fit, subject nevertheless to such Orders and Directions as they shall receive from the Court of Directors concerning the same; but in case the said Governor General in Council shall disagree with the said Report from the Majority of the said Court, or any Part thereof, then such Parts of the said Report, as are the Subjects of Difference between the said Governor General in Council and the said Supreme Court, shall be suspended, and shall not be carried into Execution, but the same shall be transmitted Home for the ultimate Decision of the Court of Directors respecting the same, who shall give such Orders respecting the same as they shall think fit: Provided always, that, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the said Report shall be made and considere* as is herein-before directed, if any Vacancy shall occur in any of the Offices or Places under the said Supreme Court, which are herein directed to be reviewed, the same shall be filled up by the Judges of the said Supreme Court provisionally only, and a Person or Persons shall be by them appointed to do the Duty of the said Office until the said Report shall be made; and such Office or Offices shall be liable to be reduced, or the Salaries altered, if necessary, in the same Manner as if they were actually vacant at the Time of making such Report.

VIII. And whereas certain Regulations for the better Administration of Justice among the Native

Inhabitants and others, being within the Provinces of Bengal, Babar, and Oriffa, have been from Time to Time framed by the Governor General in Council in Bengal; and among other Regulations it has been established and declared as essential to the future Prosperity of the British'X erritories in Bengal\ that all Re* 4 gulations, patted by Government, affecting the Rights, Properties, or Persons of the Subjects, should be formed into a regular Code, and printed, with Translations, in the Country Languages, and that the Grounds of every Regulation be prefixed to it; and that the Courts of Justice within the Provinces be

bound to regulate their Decisions by the Rules and Ordinances which such Regulations may contain,

whereby the Native Inhabitants may be made acquainted with the Privileges and Immunities granted to them by the British Government, and the Mode of obtaining speedy Redress for any Infringement of the same: And whereas it is essential thatfo wifeand salutary a Provision should be strictly observed, and that it should not be in the Power of the Governor General in Council to neglect or to dispence with the same ;* be it therefore enacted, That all Regulations which shall be issued and framed by the Governor General in Council at Fort William in Bengal, affecting the Rights, Persons, or Property, of the Natives, or of any other Individuals who may be amenable to the Provincial Courts of Justice, shall be registered in the judicial Department, and formed into a regular Code, and printed, with Translations, in the Country Lan-

U3ges, and that the Grounds of each Regulation shall be prefixed to it; and all the Provincial Courts of

udicature shall be, and they are hereby directed to be bound by and to regulate their Decisions by such

ules and Ordinances as shall be contained in the said Regulations; and the said Governor General in Council shall annually transmit to the Court of Directors of the East India Company ten Copies of such Regulations as may be parted in each Year and the same Number to the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India.

IX. And whereas his late Majesty King George the Second did by his Letters Patent, bearing Date at Westminster the eighth Day of January, in the twenty-sixth Year of his Reign, grant unto the United Company of Merchants trading to the East India, his Royal Charter, thereby, amongst other Things, 4 constituting and establishing Courts of Civil, Criminal, and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, at the said United Company’s Settlements at Madras Patnam and Bombay in the lrtand of Bombay, and Fort William in Bengal: And whereas the said Charter, in so far as it respects the Administration of Justice at Fort William in Bengal, has been altered and changed by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign*, intituled, An Act for eJIMiJhing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as /V Europe: And whereas the said Charter does not sufficiently provide for the due Administration of Justice in such Manner as the State and Condition of the Company’s Settlements at Madras Patnam and Bombay do and null require:’ Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by Charier or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to erect and establish a Court of Judicature at Madras and Bombay respectively, which shall consist of the Mayor and three of the Aldermen resident at the said Settlements of Madras and Bombay respectively for the Time being; which Aldermen shall, from Time to Time, be selected in such Manner as shall be directed and prescribed by his Majesty in the said Charter, together with one other Person at each of the said Settlements, to be named from Time to Time by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which said Person shall be a Barrister of England or Ireland, of not less than five Years (landing, which laid Person so appointed shall be the President of the said Court, and shall be (tiled The Recorder of Madras and Bombay respectively; which said Courts of Judicature shall have, and the same are hereby declared to have, full Power and Authority to exercise and perform all Civil, Criminal, and Ecclesiastical, and Admiralty Jurisdiction, and to appoint such Ministerial Officers as may be necessary, and to form and establish such Rules of Practice, and such Rules for the Process of the said Court, and to do all such other Things as shall be necessary for the Administration of Justice and the due Execution of all or any of the Powers

57 Geo. III. 4S which

Council what Offices should hr continued and the Salaries.

If the Council agree with tho Judges reflecting Retrenchment?, they are to be made, subject to the Orders of the Court of Directors; who are also to decide if the Council and Judges disagretr.

If a Vacancy occur before the Report is made, it is to be ft lied up ptovifioa-. ally.

Regulations of the Governor Genet al in Council, which adVCf the Na -tives or others amenable to the Courts of Justice, to be printed, with Translatiors in the Country Languages, and tracfvBuctrd to England.

Recital of Charter from King George the Second.

c. 63

His Majesty may ereG Courts of Judicature atMadra* and Eomhay, to confill of the Mayor, thtce Aldcrrmn, and a Recorder, who shall be a Barrister, and he appointed by his Majesty.

674

Ixtent of their Jurisdiction.

C. 142. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Court not competent to try Im'oimations against the Governor or Coun-ciJ, except for Treason or Felony.

which shall or may, by the said Charter, be committed to the said Courts; and the same shall also be at all Times Courts of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery in and for Fort St. George, and the Town of Madras^ and the Limits thereof, and the Factories subordinate thereto, and in and for the Town and Kland of Bombay, and the Limits thereof, and the Factories subordinate thereto respectively.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the said new Charter, which his Majesty is hereby empowered to grant, and the Jurisdiction, Powers, and Authorities, to be thereby established, shall extend to all British Subjects who shall reside within any of the Factories subject to or dependant upon the Governments of Madras and Bombay respectively; and the said Charter shall be competent and effectual, and the said Courts therein and thereby established shall have full Power and Authority, according to their respective Jurisdictions, to hear and determine all and all Manner of Complaints against any of his Majesty's Subjects, for any Crimes, Misdemeanors, and Oppressions, committed ol to be committed, and also to hear and determine all Suits and Actions whatsoever against any of his Majesty's Subjects arising in Territories subject to or dependant upon the said Governments of Madras and Bombay respectively, or within any of the Territories which now are or hereafter may be subject to or dependant upon the said Governments, or within any of the Dominions of the native Princes of India in Alliance with the said Governments respectively, or against any Person who at the Time when such Debt or Cause of Action shall have arisen, have been employed by, or shall have been directly or indirectly in the Service of the United.Company, or any of his Majesty's Subjects: Provided always, that the said Court shall not be competent to hear, try, and determine any Indictment or Information against the Governor, or any of the Council, not being Treason or Felony, which the Governor or any of the Council at Madras or Bombay respectively shall or may be charged with having committed within the Jurisdiction of the said Courts respectively.

Courts may try all Suits which, by Authority of Parliament, may now he tried by the Mayor’s Courts, or Courts of Oyer and Terminer*

The Governor, Council, and Recorder of the Court not subject to Arrest.

Jurisdiction of the Courts not competent to certain Matters.

Rights of Fathers and Maf-iers of Fami. Tics to be pre-

fcrYed.

Courts may determine Suits against the Inhabitants ac-

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Courts, so to be erected as aforesaid, shall have full Power

and Authority to hear, try, and determine all and all Manner of Suits and Actions, either Civil or Criminal, which by the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament may now be heard, tried, or determined by the Mayor’s Courts at Madras or Bombay respectively, or by the Courts of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery there; and all Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions, oI what Kind or Nature soever, which by any Act or Acts of Parliament may be or are directed to be exercised by the said Mayor’s Courts, or the said Courts of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, shall and may be as fully and effectually exercised by the said Courts, to be erected in the Manner aforesaid, as the same might have been exercised and enjoyed by the said Mayor’s Courts or Courts of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery respectively: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend to subject the Person of the Governor, or any of the Council at the respective Settlements, or the Person of the Recorder of the said Court, to be arrested or imprisoned in any Suit, Action, or Proceeding in the said Court; nor shall it be competent for the said Courts, within their respective Jurisdictions, to hear or determine, or to entertain and exercise Jurisdiction in any Suit or Action against the Governor or any of the Council at the said Settlements of Madras and Bombay respectively, for or on account of any Act or Order, or any other Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, councilled, ordered, or done by them in their Public Capacity, or acting as Governor and Council; nor shall the said Court have or exercise any Jurisdiction in any Matter concerning the Revenue under the Management of the said Governor and Council respectively, either within or beyond the Limits of the said Towns, Forts, or Factories, or concerning any Act done according to the Usage and Practice of the Country, and the Regulations of the Governor and Council; and no Person shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of any of the said Courts for or by Reason of being a Landowner, Landholder, or Farmer of Land or of Land Rent, or for receiving a Pension or Payment in lieu of any Title to or ancient Possession of Land or Land Rent, or for receiving any Compensation or Share of Profits for collecting Rents payable to the Public out of such Lands or Districts as are actually farmed by himself, or those who are his Undertenants by virtue of the Farm, or for exercising within the said Lands or Farms any Ordinary or local Authority commonly annexed to the Possession or Farm thereof, or for or by Reason of his becoming Security for the Payment of the Rents reserved, or otherwise payable out of any Lands or Farms, or Farms of Lands, within the Dominion subject to the Governments of Madras and Bombay respectively; and no Person for or by Reason of his being employed by the said Company, or the Governor and Council, or by any Person deriving Authority under them, for or on Account of his being employed by a Native, or the Descendant of a Native, of Great Britain, shall become subject to the Jurisdiction of the said Courts respectively, in any Matter of Inheritance or Succession to Goods or Lands, or in any Matter of Dealing or Contract between Party or Parties, except in Actions for Wrongs or Trespasses only. 1A -

XII. And, in order that due Regard may be had to the Civil and Religious Usages of the Natives, be it enacted, That the Rights and Authorities of Fathers of Families, and Masters of Families, according as the same may be exercised by the Gentu or Mahomedan Law, shall be preserved to them within their Families respectively, nor shall the same be violated or interrupted by any of the Proceedings of the said Courts; nor shall any Act done in consequence of the Rule or Law of Cast, so far as respects the Members of the same Family only, be deemed a Crime, although the same may not be justifiable by the Laws of England.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Courts so to be erected as aforesaid, shall have full rower to hear and determine all Suits and Actions that may be brought against the Inhabitants of Madras and Bombay respectively, in the Manner that shall he provided by-the said Charter; yet nevertheless, their Inheritance and Succession to Lands, Rents, and Goods, and all Matters of Contract and Dealing between

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 142.

_ t

Party and Party, shall be determined, in the Case of MahGmcdans, by the Laws and Usages of the Ma-homedans, and where the Parties are Gentus, by the Laws and Usages of the Gentus, or by such Laws and Usages as the same would have been determined by if the Suit had been brought, and the Action commenced, in a Native Court; and where one of the Parties shall be a Mahomedan or Gentu, by the Laws and Usages of the Defendant; and in all Suits so to be determined by the Laws and Usages of the Natives, the said Court shall make such Rules and Orders for the Conduct of the same, and frame such Process for the Execution of their Judgments, Sentences, or Decrees, as shall be mod consonant to the Religions and Manners of the said Natives, and to the said Laws and Usages respectively, and the easy Attainment of the Ends of Justice; and such Means shall be adopted for compelling the Appearance of Witnesses, and taking their Examination, as shall be confident with the said Laws and Usages, so that the said Suits shall be conducted with as much Ease, and at as little Expence, as is confident with the Attainment of substantial Justice. '

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action for Wrong or Injury shall be against any Person whatever exercising a judicial OiTice in any Country Court, Jor any Judgment, Decree, or Orti^r of the said Court, or against any Person for any Act done by or in virtue of the Order of the said Court; and in case any Information is intended to be brought against any such Person or Officer, the same shall be brought and proceeded ii\, in the same Manner, and to all Intents and Purposes in the same Form, and to the same Ede£t, as such Informations are directed to be proceeded in before the Supreme Court of Judicature at Calcutta in Bengal, by an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amendfo much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe,’ as relates to the Administration of Justice in Bengal; and for the Relief of certain Persons imprifmed at Calcutta in Bengal under a ‘Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and afo for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have a died under their Orders or Authority, in the undue Rcftflance made to the Process of the Supreme Court.

XV. And be it further enacted, That a Regidry of the Natives employed in the Service of the said Company, or in the Service of British Subjects, or their Partners, shall be established within the Settlements of Madras and Bombay respectively, in the same Manner, to the same Effect, to the like Extent, and for the like Purpose, and subject to the like Penalties, as such Regider is established ai Calcutta, by the said Act passed in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be directed, in and by the said new Charter which his Majesty is herein empowered to grant, that in case any Person or Persons whatever shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any Judgment or Determination of either of the said Courts of Judicature, to be established as aforesaid, he, she, or they may appeal from such Judgment or Determination, to his Majesty in Council, within such Time and in such Manner, and in such cases, as his Majesty in'his said Charter shall judge proper and reasonable to be appointed and prescribed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if his Majesty shall grant such Charter as aforesaid, and erect

such Courts of Judicature at Madras and Bombay, all the Records and Muniments and Proceedings whatsoever, of and belonging to the said Mayor’s Courts at Madras and Bombay respectively, or to the Courts of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, there established by the aforesaid Charter of his late Majesty, shall, from and immediately after such Courts of Judicature as his Majesty is herein empowered to erect shall be established, be delivered over, preserved, and deposited, for safe Cudody in the said new Courts of Judicature respectively; to which all Parties concerned shall and may have Resort and Recourse, upon Application to the said Court.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Charter granted by his late Majesty, as confers any Civil, Criminal, or Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction upon the Mayor’s Courts of Madras and Bombay respectively, or upon the President and Council as a Court of Appeal from the said Courts, or of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, at the said Settlements, or the Subordinates thereto belonging, in case a new Charter shall be granted by his Majesty, and shall be openly published at Madris and Bombay respectively, from and immediately after such Publication shall cease and determine, and be absolutely void to all Interns and Purposes; and all judicial Powers and Authorities granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament to the said Mayor’s or Courts of Appeal at the said Settlements, shall cease and determine, and be no longer ex- ercifed by the said Courts; but the same shall and may be exercised by the Courts of Judicature to be erected by virtue of this Act, in the Manner, and to the Extent hereinbefore directed; but nevertheless the said Charter shall, in all other Respects, continue in full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, except in so far as it is altered or varied by this Act, as fully and effectually as if this Act had not been made, or such new Charter should not have been granted.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Settlements of Madras and Bombay

respectively shall remain in the Possession of the said United Company, the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall, and they are hereby required to direct and cause to be paid to the Recorder the

laid Court of Judicature at Madras, the Yearly Sum of five thousand Pounds, and to the Recorder of the Court of Judicature at Bombay the Yearly Sum of five thousand Pounds, and such Salaries shall be paid to them and each of them fur the Time being respectively, out of the Revenues of the said respective Settlements

675

cording to the Charter, hut

their Inheritance of Lands, Arc. to be determined as would have l-con done in a Native

Court: and

where one Patty is a Ma-homedan or Gentu, by the Usages of the Defendant, &c. No Action for Wrong, to be brought. against a Judicial Officer for any Order of Court, nor for any Act done by virtue of any such Order; but if any Information is intended, it must be brought according to 21 Geo. 3. c. 70.

A RegM ry of Natives employed by the Company or Pritifli Subject* to be established as at Calcutta.

His Majesty to direct in tlte Charter that Persons may appeal from the Court to his Majesty in Council.

Records of the Mayor’s Courts, or the Courts of Oyer and Ter-miner, to be deposited in the new Courts.

Jurisdiction of the Mayor’s Courts, and of the Presidenta and Councils as Courts of Appeal, to cease on Publi* cation of new Charter.

Court of Directors to cauftr, to be paid to the Rxcorder of each Court 5000l. annually out of the Revenues of the Settlement.

Commencement of Salaries, which sre to be in lieu of all Emoluments.

If the Recorder i etui n ii* Europe after five Years Residence in India as such, las Majesty may order him an. Annuity out of the Territorial Revenues, not exceeding uocl.

If the Recorder die, no Succeif-er bcinp on the Spot, the junior Puisne Judge of the Supreme Court at Calcutta to proceed to the Settlement, and hold the Office till a Recorder arrives.

Adding Recorder to receive a Proportion of Salary.

Appointment of Judge rot vacated by adding as Recorder.

Recorders not to be concerned in Traffic.

Recorder to be as the* of the opreme Court at Calcutta.

Judges

Saprenr

All new Forms of Proctfs to be

transmitted to

the Board for India Affairs.

From Dec. 7, 1797, no British Subject to lend any Monty, or be concerned in railing any for Native Princes, without Consent of the Court of Directors, or the Governor

C. 142. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

of Madras and Bombay, at an Exchange of eight Shillings for the Pagoda at Madras, and of two Shillings and Sixpence for the Bombay Rupee at the Settlement of Bombay.

XX. And be it further enacted, "I hat the said Salaries shall take place and commence, in respect to such Persons who shall be resident in Great Britain at the Time of their Appointment, upon and from the Day on which such Person shall embark from Great Britain; and that the Salaries of all such Persons who shall at the Time of their Appointment be resident in India, shall commence and take place from and after their respectively taking upon them the Execution of their Office as aforesaid; and that all such Salaries shall be in lieu of all Fees of Office, Perquisites, Emoluments, and Advantages whatsoever, and that no Fees of Office, Perquisites, Emoluments, or Advantages whatsoever shall be accepted, received, or taken, in any Manner, or on any Account or Pretence whatsoever. other than such Salaries and Allowances as are in

and by this Actt directed to be paid*JP

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if the Recorder of the Court of Judicature at Madras and Bombay respectively, shall return to Europe, from Age, Infirmity, or other Cause, to be approved of by his Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant under the Sign Manual, to direct and authorize an Allowance to be made out of the Revenues of the British Territories in India, to such Recorder- so returning: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for his Majesty to direct any larger Allowance to be made to such Recorder so returning, than the Sum of one thousand two hundred Pounds per Jnnum; nor shall it be lawful for his Majesty to diredfc any Allowance to be made to any Person who has not resided five Years in India as Recorder of such Courts of Judicature: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for his Majesty to direct the Allowance of any Sum to any Recorder as aforesaid, which, with the Allowance already directed and authorized at the Date of such Grant to be paid, either to any P,ecorder as aforesaid, or any Chief Justice or other Judge of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Calcutta, shall, in the Whole, exceed the Amount of the Salary of one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Calcutta XXII. And, in order more effectually to provide for the regular Administration of Justice, be it enacted, That whenever it shall happen that the Recorder of Madras or Bombay respectively shall die, and no Person shall be upon the Spot, who shall be appointed by his Majesty to succeed to such Recordership, in such Case, and as soon as the same shall be made known to the Supreme Court of Judicature at Calcutta, the junior Puisne Judge of the said Court shall, and he is hereby directed and authorized to proceed, with all convenient Speed, to the Settlement where such Vacancy shall have happened, and shall take upon himself the Office of Recorder of the said Settlement, and shall hold and exercise the same in as full and ample a Man-rer as if he had been appointed Recorder of the said Settlement by his Majesty by Authority of this Act, and shall continue to hold and exercise thg said Office until a Recorder shall be appointed by his Majesty, and until such Recorder shall arrive at the said Settlement, and no longer.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That such Judge, so acting as Recorder during a Vacancy, and until the Arrival of the Person appointed to succeed [to] the said Office, shall be entitled to receive a Proportion of Salary, and no more than would have become due to such Recorder during the Period while the Vacancy shall be supplied by such Judge as aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to vacate the Appointment of such Judge by reason of his exercising the Office of Recorder as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Person or Persons so to be appointed by his Majesty Recorder of the Court of Judicature a/ Madras and Bombay respectively, shall not carry on, he concerned in, or have any Dealings or Transactions by Way of Traffic or Commerce of any Kind whatsoever, either for his or their own Use, Benefit, Profit, or Advantage, or the Use, Benefit, Profit, or Advantage of any Person whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed by or charged upon the said Recorder of the said Courts, shall be heard, tried, and determined in the same Manner as if the same were committed by or charged upon any of the Judges of the Supreme Courts of Judicature at Calcutta.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all new Forms of Process, or Rules and Orders for the Execution

thereof, shall be transmitted to the President of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to be laid before his Majesty for his Royal Approbation, Correction, or Refusal; and such Process shall be used, ami such Rules shall be observed until the same shall be repealed or varied, and in the last Case with such Variation as shall be made therein.

XXVIII. And whereas the Practice of British Subjects lending Money, or being concerned in the lend- ing of the same, or in Transactions for the borrowing Money for, or lending Money to, the Native Princes in India, has been productive of much Mischief, and is the Source of much Usury and Extortion: And whereas the wholesome Orders of the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants trading to India, have not been sufficient to restrain and repress the same: And whereas it is highly deferable that such Practices should be prevented in future be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Day of December next, no British Subject shall, by himself, or by any other Person directly or indirectly employed by him, lend any Money or other valuable Thing to any Native Prince in indiay by whatever Name or Description such Native Prince shall be called, nor shall any British) Subjedi, either by himself, or by any other Person directly or indirectly employed by him, be concerned in the lending any Money to any such

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 142, 143. 677

Native Prince, nor shall any British Subject be concerned either by himself or by any other Person, either in Council; directly or indirectly, in raising or procuring any Money for any such Native Prince, or as berng Security for ^Lp?rft,n such Loan or Money, nor shall any British Subject lend any Money or other valuable Thing to any other be protected Person for the Purpose of being lent to any such Native Prince, nor shall any British Subject, by himself or for a Mtfde-. by any other Person, either directly or indirectly, for his Use and Benefit, take, receive, hold, enjoy, or be meaner, concerned in any Bond, Note, or other Security or Alignment, granted or to be granted by any such Native Prince, after the first Day of December next, for the Loan, or for the Re-payment of Money, or other valuable .'Thing, without the Consent and Approbation of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or the Consent and Approbation of the Governor in Council of one of the said Company's Governments in /

India,‘first had and obtained in Writing; and every Person doing, acting, or transacting, or being concerned in any ACtings, Doings, and Transactions, contrary to this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor at Law, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished as such, by virtue of this Act, before any Court of competent Jurisdiction; and all Bonds, Notes, Alignments, or Securities for Money, Security for of what Kind or Nature soever, taken, held, or enjoyed, either directly or indirectly, for the Use and Benefit Money lent con-of any British Subject, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, Hull be, and the same are hereby, to' to

declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Information shall be given, or Com- On Complaint plaint made, to any of the Governments of the said United Company in the East Indies, of any Person hrav- to the Governing aCled contrary to the Provisions of this Act, such Governments shall forthwith lay the Case before the ments In India Company's Law Officers at the Settlement where it arises, who shall take the same into their Consideration, for af*inS f°n-and report their Opinion thereupon, whether the same is a proper Case for Prosecution, (together with their Incite Reasons for the same,);which Report shall be transmitted Home to the Court of Directors by the first con- to be laid before

Venient Opportunity. the Law Officers, whose Report shall be transmitted to the Court of Directors.

XXX. And whereas the Provision made by the Charter of Justice of his late Majesty, for the Establish- Jurisdictions of

ment of a Court of Requests in and for the Towns of Madras Painain, Bombay, and Calcutta, for the Re- !i‘c Co!Jrts

covery of Debts, Duties, and Demands therein, not exceeding the Value of five Pagodas, in Manner Madras 5Bom-

therein directed, hath been found beneficial and convenient: And whereas an Extension of Jurisdiction of bay, and Cal-

the said Courts for the Recovery of Debts, Duties, and Demands, to a larger^Amount in Value is found cutta, extended

to be useful be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Jurisdiction of the said Courts of to 2o Rupees.

Requests at and for the said Towns of Madras Patnom, Bombay, and Calcutta, respectively, shall be and the

+same is extended to the Recovery of all or any Manner of Debts, Duties, and Demands, not exceeding in Value the Sum of eighty Current Rupees respectively; and for that Purpose that the Commissioners of the said Courts of Requests, and their Successors, shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine all Actions, Plaints, and Suits, which have grown, or shall be brought before them, in their said respective Courts, where the Debt, Duty, or Matter in Dispute, shall not exceed the said Value of eighty Current Rupees, and to award Execution thereupon for the Debt or Sum adjudged to be due, in the same Manner as they now do for Debts and Demands under the Sum of five Pagodas.

Cap. cxliii

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances.

[20th July 1797.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective JVlights, and of false and unequal Balances, it was (among other Things) enacted, That it should and might be lawful for the Justices, at every Quarter Sessions of the Peace for any County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, in England or Wales, to appoint certain Persons to examine the Weights and Balances within their respective Distri&s, and that the Persons so appointed should, once in every Month at the least, examine such Weights and Balances; and the Persons in whose Possession any false Weights or Balances should be found, were subjected to a Penalty, not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be paid to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, and be applied by him for the Purposes therein particularly described: And whereas the said Act might be more conveniently executed, if some of the Powers thereof were vested in the Justices of the Peace at their several and respective Petty Sessions; and it is expedient that certain other Alterations should be made in the said ACtMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, so much of the said recited Act as requires the Justices, at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to appoint Persons to examine the Weights and Balances within their respective Counties, Ridings, Liberties, and Divisions, and which authorises the Persons so appointed to search for and examine all Weights and Balances, and to seize and destroy false or unequal Weights or Balances, and imposes a Penalty on the Persons in whose Possession the same shall be found, shall be and is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace, at their respective Petty Sessions, within the Divisions, Districts, and other Places of the

35 Geo. 3*

Q. ioz. recited.

So much of recited Act as rc« quires the Justices at Quarter Sessions to appoint Persons to examine Weights, &c.

678 C. 143. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

repealed, and the several Counties in England'*.nd Wales, to appoint one or more Person or Persons, who shall have Power fetVy Scm<w»ir to exam, ne Weights anti Balances, within such Divisions, Districts, and other Places respectively.

rruy appoint such Examiners. 3t0;wAPVII

Examiners, when directed by the Justices, to visit Shops, &c. and seize false Weights, &c.

Penalty for having false

Weights, &c.

Justices to cause false Weights, &c. to be broken, and the Produce of the Materials and the Forfeitures to be paid to the Counry Treasurer, &c.

If the Majority of Inhabitants wish that toy Persons (hou Id be specially appointed Examiners, they may, in Vestry, nominate them for Approbation of the Justices.

But no such Appointment shall be made till the Inhabitants have procured Standard "Weights, the Costs of which, and the Recompence to the Examiners, to be

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so to be

appointed as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, (having first been sworn duly and faithfully to execute the Office in him or them reposed by virtue of such Appointment, and of this Act, which Oath such Justices are hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) as often a< the said Justices shall direct, in the Day Time, to enter into the Shop, Mill, House, Outhouses, and other Premises near to such Shop, Mill, or House, and into the Stall or Standing Place of any Person or Persons who fell by Retail and Weight any Warps, Provisions, Goods, or Chattels whatsoever, and then and there to search for, view, and examine all Weights and Balances in such Shop, Mill, House, Outhouses, Premises, Stall, or Standing Place, and to seize any Weight or Weights, not being according to the Standard in the Exchequer, or any false or unequal Balance or Balances, which shall, upon such Search, be found therein, and to detain the same, to be produced before the Justices in Petty Sessions as aforesaid, upon the Hearing of the Information or Informations herein after mentioned; and the Person or Persons, in whose Shr^p, Mill, House, Outhouses, Premises, Stall, or Standing Place, any such defective Weight or Weights, or any such false or unequal Balance or Balances, shall be found (against whom for such Offence or Offences an Information or Informations is and are hereby directed to be preferred) shall upon Conviction thereof in Petty Sessions as aforesaid, upon View or Confession, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sumcf Money not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, as the said Justices, before whom such Person or Persons shall have been convicted, shall in their Discretion order and adjudge, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Conviction; such Forfeiture, together with such Costs and Charges, to be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of so much of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons offending, as shall be sufficient to pay the said Penalty, and also the Expences of making such Distress and Sale.

III. And be it further enacted, That on the Conviction of such Offender or Offenders, the said Justices shall cause such defective Weight or Weights, or such false or unequal Balance or Balances, so produced before them, to be forthwith broken and rendered useless, and the Materials thereof to be sold, and the Money arising from such Sale, together with the Amount of the Forfeiture or Forfeitures, to be paid by them to the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Division, to be by him applied towards the Expences of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and the Residue (if any) on account of the Public Stock of such County, Riding, or Division; and the said Justices shall also prepare, or cause to be prepared, Returns of the Forfeitures levied by them in pursuance of the said before recited Act, and of this Act, and also of the Sums arising from the Sale of such defective Weights, and false and unequal Balances, and shall transmit such Returns, signed by them, to the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Division, respectively, at every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County, Riding, or Division.

IV. Provided always, ani be it further enacted, That if the Majority of the Inhabitants of any Parish,

Township, or Place, within such County, Riding, or Division, should be desirous that any Person or Persons shall be specially appointed to examine the Weights and Balances within such Parish, Township, or Place, it shall and may be lawful for such Inhabitants, and they are hereby empowered (at a Vestry to be duly holden for that Purpose) to nominate one or more substantial Householder or Householders, to be approved of and appointed by the said Justices, at their respective Petty Sessions for the Division or District wherein such Parish, Township, or Place, shall lie; which Person or Persons so nominated, approved, and appointed, shall have the same Powers and Authorities, within such Parish, Township, or Place, as are vetted in the Person or Persons appointed for any District, Division, or Place respectively. 1

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Appointment for such Parish, Township, or Place, shall be made, until the Inhabitants thereof have procured, or caused to be procured, the proper Weights, according to the Standard in the Exchequer, for the Use of such Parish, Township, or Place, to be deposited in the Custody of the Person or Persons to be appointed as last mentioned; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, in their respective Petty Sessions, to order and direct the Costs and Charges of procuring such Weights, and the Recompence and Satisfaction to be allowed to such Person or Persons, for his or their Time and Trouble in the Execution of such Office, within such Parish, Township, or Place, to be paid out of the Rate made for the Relief of the Poor, within such Parish, Township, or Place.

paid out of the Poor’s Rates.

Powers of recited (except hereby altered) to remain in Force.

Proceedings not to be removed.

Justices to cause Convictions to be made out in the foi* lowing

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions contained in the said recited

A & (except such as are hereby repealed or altered) shall continue in Force, in the same Manner as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of tins present Act; any T hing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. > Vj mJ

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against the said recited Act, or this Act, shall be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts ot Record at Westminster.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatts mutandis; (that is to lay,)

BE

Form.

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 143, 144.

X

BE it remembered. That on the Day of rn the Year of our Lord

at a Petty Sessions holden for the [Division or District] of

in the said [County, Riding, or Division], before A.B. and C.D. Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said E. F. of in the said

was duly convicted before us the said Justices, for that he the said E. F. on the

Day of now last past, at in the said

contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided [here ft ate the Offence a^avift the Atf\;

and we the said Justices do.declare and adjudge, that the said E. F. hath forfeited the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain for the Offence aforesaid, to be applied as the Law directs; and also, 4 the further Sum of of like lawful Money, for the reasonable Costs and Charges attending

this Conviction.

Given under our Hands and Seals on the Day and in the Year first-mentioned.’

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without the same being specially pleaded or set forth.

CAP. CXLIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for further appropriating the Supplier granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft» burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

[20th July 1797.]

MofLGraeious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the neceflkry Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,’ &c,

2,000,000l. may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund; which may be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this Act not to be rated to any Tax* Tallies of Loan to be struck,£fft*. Orders for Repayment to be registered and paid in course. No Fee to be taken for registering, &c. Penalty for taking Fees, and for undue Preference in registering,

Not to be deemed undue Preference which Orders of the same Date, brought the same Day, are entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought for Payment, if Money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the Sum hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer Hills, in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Act of the present Session; the Provisions of which Act (except such as charge the Bills on the Malt Duties, and limit the Rate of Interest) to extend to this. Bills and Interest, &c. to be discharged out of the Consolidated Fund. Bank may advance 2,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act. Monies raised by the Malt Duties; Land Tax; Annuities; Further Annuities; Further Annuities; Lottery; Exchequer Bills; 420,000l. Overplus of Grants; 2,000,000l. out of Consolidated Fund, (with the Residue of the Sale of French Prizes,) to be applied to the Uses hereafter expressed. 8,033,673l. 1 s. yd. for Naval Services for 1797. 5,000,000l.

for Navy Debt. 1,009,024l. 9s. 2d. for Land Service of the Ordnance for 1797. 114,553l. 19 j. 9d.

forditto in 1795; 74,830l. os. yl. for Sea Service of ditto in 1795; 425,366l. iox. 6d. for Land Service of ditto in 1796; 16,000l. for additional Pay, fc>V. to the Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Artillery and Military Artificers; and 3,281l. 1 is. 4d. for additional Pay to Officers of the Artillery and Engineers, to December 31, 1797. 80,000l. for the Portion of the Princess Royal. 1,500,000/-

for Loan to Ireland. 500,000l.; 200,000/; and 920,000l. for Loans to the Emperor. 15.488,089l. 2l. 10df for Land Service, viz.; 1,505,005l. ij. for 60,765 efteftive Men, Officers, fife, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey; 1,411,231l. 19*. 5d. for Forces in the Plantations, Gibraltar, Corsica, Cape of Good Hope, and New South Wales; 40,096l. 9l. 9d for Difference between British and lrifn Pay of fix Regiments abroad; 13,335l. 18r. for recruiting Regiments in East India; 360,000i for Recruiting, Contingencies, tsV.; 94,195l. 14J. for General, Staff, and Hospital Officers in Great Britain, Scc. 950,441 / 3*. 6d for Militia and Fencible Infantry, and 210,000l. for their Contingencies; 112,811l. for Militia Cloathing; 397,734l. 4s. 2d. for Fencible Cavalry, and 95,000l. for Allowances and extra Feed to ditto; 70,000l. for Horse Furniture and Cloathing to Augmentations of the Forces in 1796; 7,500l. for Allowances to Reduced Officers of the British American Forces, and 52,300l. on account of them; 125l. 3s. 4d. for Reduced and Superannuated Gentlemen of the Horse Guards; 118,874l. i6x. 8d. for Reduced Officers oLLand Forces and Marines; 180,000l. for increased Rates for quartering Soldiers; 136,675l. 14*. 3d. for Supernumerary Officers; 1000l. for Officers late in the Service of the States General; 136,779l. 17 s. id. to the Paymaster General, Secretary at War, &c.; 177,000l. for Pay and Cloathing of Militia5 147,165l. i.qj, lul. for Chelsea Hospital; 11,602l. ys. id. for Widows M,; 11L I, 44 PcuflOUS r

Public Act.

G

144

7

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 179

% mm M

Pensions; 224,000l. for additional Pay to Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Land Forces; 288,000l. outstanding Demands for the Barrack Department; 449,000l. for Forage and other Expences of ditto; 60,000l. for Allowances to Subalterns, &c. of the Land Forces; 381,637l. iys. for Foreign Corps; 30,000l. for Volunteer Cavalry; 3,280,513l. 131. id. for Extraordinaries of the Army, from December 25, 1795, to December 6, 1796; 106^062l. ifs. \d. for ditto, from December 7, to December 24, 1796; 438,000l. for ditto, previous to January 5, 4797; 4,000,000l. for Extraordinaries of the Army for 1797. 1,110,000l. for discharging Exchequer Bills made out under 36 Geo. 3. c. 31.

500,000l. for the Queen of Portugal. ^8,263l. is. 6d. issued pursuant to Addresses of the Commons. 7,000l. for the Civil Establishment of Upper Canada; 5,915l. for Nova Scotia; 4,550l. for New Brunt-wick\ 1,900l. for the Island of St. John in America \

land; 4,100l. for the Bahama {{lands; 580l. for the Justice of Dominica; 5,523l. ior. for New South Wales \ 13,000l. for Forts in Africa. 11,500l. for

American Sufferers; 71,431 /. 51. in/. 3 y- for his Majesty's Service Abroad. 140,090l. for Relief

140l. for Cape Breton \ 1,232l. for. for Neufound Chief Justice of Bermuda; 600l. for the Chief

1,682l. 171. 6l. for Part of Orders made out pursuant to 30 GV0. 3. r. 34. for the Relief of American ufferers; 600,000l. for Persons connected with Grenada and St. Jincents; 1,054,000l. to repay Advances of the Bank on Consolidated Fund 1795; 1,370,000l. to pay Exchequer Bills ilftied on Credit of ditto Fund 1796; 2,177,000l. to ftiake good the Sum charged on ditto Fund by an Act of last Session; 31,000l. for Relief of the Refugee Clergy and* Laity of France; 3,033l. 4 s. to D. Campbell Esq. for Convicts on the Thames; 9,628l. 121. 6a. to J. Bradley Esq. for Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours; 4,515/- 8s. \d. 3q. for Repairs of the Fleet Prison; 5,672l. 3s. 3d. 17. for Repairs of the King’s Bench Prison; 1,461l. 151. 6d. for Prosecution of Coiners; 2,806l. 8r. for Expences in Prosecution of W. Hastings Esq; 693l. 15a. for the Chief Justice of Newfoundland; 31,825l. 14 s. id. for the Settlement at New South Wales; 1,740l. 91. for Expences on account of the Alien Act; 1,345l. 191. 3d. for his Majesty's Service abroad; 3,000l. for the Board of Agriculture* 1,800l. 605 Profecutions* relating to the Coin. 32,000l. for employing Convicts at Home; 7,000l. for printing Journals of the House of Commons, &c.; 2,000l. for ouperintendance of the Alien Act; 30,000l. for the Settlement at New South Wales; 46,120l. for Relief of American Sufferers; 1,650,000l. to pay Bills on the Treasury; 833,000l. to pay oft Exchequer Bills under Land Tax and Malt Acts 1796; 180,000l. for Relief of Refugee Clergy and Laity of France; 150,000l. for Secret Service abroad; zoo^ooool. towards the Reduction of the National Debt; 1,500l. for the Veterinary College; 4,500l. for Roads and Bridges in North Britain; 38,454l. 141. 3d. 3q. awarded under the American Treaty. By 36 Geo. 3. c. 126. 118,873l. i3r. 6d. was appropriated to be paid to Reduced Officers for 1796, the Overplus of which may be disposed of to Officers maimed, £3V. as his Majesty shall direct. Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, lAc. loft, may be made out on Affidavits being made before the Barons of the Exchequer."

THE

STATUTES

at Large

&c.

U

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo octavo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twelfth Day of July, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C9V.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the second Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven j being the second Session of the eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain

CAP. I.

An Act to amend and continue, until one Month after the Conclusion of the present War, the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-one, videlicet, on the twenty-second of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the Restriction on Payments of Cash by the Bank.

[30th November 1797.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, M An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council of the twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank, under certain Regulations and Rrjl rift ions And whereas it is expedient that certain Parts of the said Act, which will expire in one Month after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, should be further continued:* Ma' most Excellent Mi

Commons, in this, BBH

tinuance of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to issue any Cash in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatsoever, except according to the Provisions herein after contained; and that, during the Continuance of the Restriction hereby imposed on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, no Action or Suit shall be prosecuted against the said Governor and Company to compel Payment of any Note of the said Governor and Company expressed to be payable on Demand, or to compel Payment of any Note of the said Governor and Company made payable otherwise than on Demand, which the said Governor and Company shall be willing to exchange for any Note or Notes of equal Amount expressed to be payable on Demand, or to compel Payment of any Sum of Money whatsoever by the said Governor and Company, which the said Governor and Company shall be willing to pay in Notes of the said Governor and Company expressed to be payable on Demand; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company, during the Continuance of the Restriction aforesaid on Payments in Calli, to apply to the Court wherein any Action or Suit shall be brought, or shall be depending, against the said Governor and Company, to stay Proceedings therein, in a summary Way; and in case such Action or Suit shall be brought to compel Payment of any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company made payable on Demand, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to apply to the said Court to stay all Proceedings in such Action or Suit until the Expiration of the Time herein after limited for the Continuance of such Restriction as aforesaid, and such Court shall stay all Proceedings accordingly; and in like Manner it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to apply to any Court in which any Action or Suit shall be brought or depending for the Purpose of compelling Payment by the said Governor and Company of any Note of the said Governor and Company payable otherwise thanon Demand, or of any other Debt or Demand whatsoever, to stay all Proceedings against the said Governor and Company in such Action or Suit, on Payment of such Sum of Money as shall appear to be justly due, or which might be recovered in such Action or Suit, by Delivery of Notes of the said Governor and Company for the Amount thereof expressed to be payable on Demand, if the Party or Parties to whom such Money shall appear to be due shall be willing to accept Payment thereof in such Notes, and thereupon such Court shall order all Proceedings to be flayed accordingly; but if the Party or Parties entitled to any such Money shall refuse to accept Payment thereof

38 Geo. III.

4 T

by

37 GEO. 3.0.91* and Jet c. 45. of that Stssion,

The Bank not to issue Calli, but according to certain Provisions.

During such Restriction no Suit to be prosecuted against the Bank to compel Payment of Notes which the Bank shall be willing to exchange for other Notes.

The Bank may apply to Courts to stay Proceedings in Actions.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

682

C. 1. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

by Delivery of such Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be ^payable on Demand as aforesaid, me said Court shall order all Proceedings against the said Governor and Company in such Action or Suit to be (fayed until the Expiration of the Time herein after limited for the Continuance o( such Re-{friction on Payments in Cash as aforesaid: Provided always, that if it shall appear to such Court to be necessary, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Amount of any Demand on the said Governor and Company, or otherwise for the Furtherance of Justice, that any Proceedings should be had for any such Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Court to permit Proceedings to be had in any such Action or Suit for such necessary Purpose only, or to ascertain the Amount of such Demand, in a summary Way, as the Nature of the particular Case may require, and as shall be confident with the Restriction on Payments in Cash hereby imposed: Provided also, that no Cods shall be recovered against the said Governor and Company, in any Action or Suit

The Bank may issue Cash in Payments under 20s. or to the Army or Navy, in pursuance of Orders in Council which shall be laid before Par.

The Bank not to advance any Monty for the Public Service during the Re-flri£Lon, exctpt on the Land and Malt Tax Aits of this Session,

The Court may permit Proceedings to be had, to ascertain the Amount of any Demand on the Bank, or for the Furtherance of Justice.

No Costs to be given unless the

Action necef- certaming the Amount of such Debt or Demand, or the Title thereto, and in such Case such Court may

fcry. diredithe Payment of such Cods by the said Governor and Company in their Notes expressed to be payable

on Demand, if the Party or Parties entitled to such Costs shall be willing to accept such Notes and if such Party or Parties shall refuse to accept such Notes, then such Court shall day all Proceedings to compel Payment of such Costs until after the Expiration of the Restriction on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cadi, herein contained. *- t?

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to restrain the said Governor and Company from issuing any Sum of Money less than twenty Shillings, in Cash, in Payment of any Debt or Demand not amounting to twenty Shillings, or in Payment of so much of any larger Debtor Demand as shall be a fractional Part of twenty Shillings over and above the Residue of such Debtor Demand; or from issuing any Sum in pursuance of an Order of his M shall be required, and the Necessity

Houses of Parliament within three Days after the Date of each of such Order, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if not, then within three Days after the Sitting of Parliament.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of the Restriction by this Act imposed 011 Payments by the said Governor and Company, in Cafn, it shall not be lawful for the said Governor and Company to issue any Sum of Money in Cash, or in Notes of the said Governor and Company, by way of Loan or Advance, (or or on Account of the Public Service, except on the Credit of any Duties to be imposed by any Act or Acts which may be passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing the Duties on Malt, and for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, and any other Advance which may be authorized by any other Act or Acts which may be passed during the Continuance of the said

eras otherwise Restriction*

authorized by future Acts of Parliament. [See c. 8. of tbit Seffijn, for raising 3,000,000l. by Exchequer Biffs.]

The Bank may

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of the Restriction by this Act imposed on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, it shall nevertheless be lawful for the said Governor and Company to accept, from any Person or Persons whatsoever, any Sum or Sums of Money, in Cash, not being less than five hundred Pounds, in Exchange for Notes of the said Governor and Company, of equal Amount, upon an Engagement from the said Governor and Company to pay to such Person or Persons, during the Continuance of such Restriction as aforesaid, Calli in Exchange for any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company, payable on Demand, to such an Amount, not exceeding in the Whole Three-fourths of the Sum of Money which shall have been fopaid by such Person or Persons to the said Governor and Company in Cash, and in such Proportions, and at such Intervals, as shall be expressed in such Engagement; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to pay in Calli such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be required to be so paid, according to the Terms of such Engagement, to the Amount, in the Proportions, at the Times, and in the Manner therein to be expressed $ any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company, notwithstanding the Restriction imposed by this Act, to advance, (or the Accommodation of the Persons dealing as Bankers in 'London, Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, in Calli, any Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds in the Whole, to be paid to such Persons, at such Times, in such Proportions, and in such Manner, as to the said Governor and Company shall seem expedient.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon Application being made to them, by or on the Behalf of the Treasurer of the Bank called The Batik of Scotland, established by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, in one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, orby or on the Behalf of th? Caftiier of the Bank called The Royal Bank of Scotland* incorporated by Royal Charter, dated the thirty-first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-seven, to issue and pay to such Treasurer or Cashier respectively, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, for the sole Use of the said Banks, such Sum or Sums of Money, in Gold or Silver, as may be required, not exceeding the Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds for each of the said Ranks; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Payments in Notes of the said Governor and Company expressed to be payable on Demand, which have been made since the twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand seven

receive Sums, rot under 500l. for Notes, and engage to repay Three- fourths in Calli*

ioo, ocol. In

Cash may be advanced to the Bankers of London, Westminster, and Southwark.

25,000l. in Cash for each may be advanced to the Bank of Scotland and the Royal Bank of Scotland.

Payments in Notes to be deemed made in

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 1, 2.

seven hundred and ninety-seven, or which shall be made during the Restriction on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, herein contained, shall be deemed Payments in Cash, if made and accepted as such; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, imposed by this Ac5t, no Persons shall be held to Sj ecid Bail upon any Process issuing out of any Court, unless the Affidavit which shall be made for that according to the Provisions in the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the First, for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, shall not only contain the several Matters required by the said Act, but also that no Offer has been made to pay the Sum of Money in such Affidavit mentioned, and therein sworn to, for the Purpose of holding any Person to Special Bail, in Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand (fractional Parts of the Sum of twenty Shillings only excepted); and if* any Process shall be issued against any Person upon which such Person might have been held to Special Bail before the passing of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for confirming and continue ing, for a limited Time, the Rest ridion contained in the Minute of Council of the twenty-sixth of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-jeven, on Payments of Gast) by the Bank, and no Affidavit shall be made as aforesaid, and no such Offer of Payment in Notes of the Governor and Company had been made as aforesaid, such Persons hall not be arrested on such Process, but Proceedings shall be had against such Person in the same Manner as if no Affidavit had been made for the Purpose of holding such Person to Special Bail under the Provisions of the said Act of his said late Majesty King George the First; and all Provisions in Rich Act, or in any other Act of Parliament, for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, shall be applied to the Provisions in this Act contained, so far as the lame are capable of being so applied: Provided always, that if an Affidavit shall be made upon which any Person might have been held to Special Bail upon any such Process as aforesaid, before the passing of the said last recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and it shall be likewise sworn in such Affidavit that such Offer of Payment has been made as aforesaid, so that the Person who might have been arrested and held to Special Bail upon such Process, if this Act had not been made, cannot, by Reason of such Offer and of the Provisions in this Act contained, be so arrested and held to Special Bail, it shall be lawful for the Court out of which such Process shall issue, or for any Judge of such Court, in a summary Way, to order the Defendant in the Action in which such Process shall issue, and who might have been so held to Special Bail as aforesaid if this Act had not been made, to cause Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand, to the Amount of the Sum of Money for which such Person might have been so held to Special Bail if this Act had not been made, to be deposited in-such Manner as such Court or such Judge shall direct, to answer the Demands of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action; and if such Deposit shall not be made within the Time limited by such Order after such Notice thereof as shall thereby be directed to be given, it shall be lawful, upon Affidavit duly made and filed that such Deposit has not been made according to such Order, to arrest such Defendant, and hold him or her to Special Bail, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments by the said Governor and Company in C3(h, by this Act imposed, all Sums of Money which now are or shall become payable for any Part of the Public Revenue, shall be accepted by the Collectors, Receivers, and other Officers of the Revenue, authorized to receive the same, in Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand, if offered to be so paid (fractional Parts of the Sum of twenty Shillings only excepted).

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, during the Continuance of this Act, to issue Cash, out of any Cash which shall be at their Disposal, in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatever, or of any Part or Proportion of any Debt or Demand whatever, upon their giving five Days Notice in Writing to the Speaker of the House of Commons of their Intention so to do, specifying the Description of such Debt or Demand, any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; which Notice the Speaker of the House of Commons is hereby required to cause forthwith to be inserted in the London Gazette.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force and have Continuance, so far as the same restrains the said Governor and Company from ilfuing Cash in Payments, until one Month after the Con-clufion of the present War by a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and that this Act, or any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, may be repealed, altered, or varied, in any Manner whatsoever, during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. II.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session Parliament, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years o*’ His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty-seven, videlicet, on the twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies,

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a li- mited Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom,’ for a limited Time.

[30th November 1797.]

c. 37 Geo. III. Cap. 40; 37 GeoAM. Cap. 62; and 37 Geo. III. Cap 137; recited. The Act last recited u further continued, until the Time dated in the Title. This Act may be repealed or altered this Session."

HEr_ / 4T2 cap.

68 3

Carti, if accept, ed as such.

No Person to be held to Special Bail unless Affidavit required to be made by Stat. n Geo 1. c. 29. also adds that there had been no Offer to pay in Bank Notes; other, wife Proceedings to be had as if no Affidavit had been made to hold to Special Bail.

If any Person, having offered to pay in Bank Notes, cannot, by Reason of this Act, be held to Special Bail, the Court m ly order him to deposit Bank Notes to answer the Demand, and if not done he may be arrested, and held to Special Bail.

Collectors of the Public Revenue to accept it in Notes.

The Bank may issue Cash, on previous Notice to the Speaker of the House of Commons.

Publication of Notice.

Continuance of

a a.

Act may be lepcalrd or altered th;s Session.

Anno tricdimoo&avo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

e A p. hi.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, videlicet, on the sixth of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation.

[30th November 1797.]

u 37 Geo. III. Cap.yi) recited, and continued until Alarch 1, 1799."

CAP. IV. '; V jv.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[30th November 1797.]

CAP. V.

Commissioners of the Tax Office, &c. to be assefTeri in the District for Offices in Weft-mi niter H all.

A certain Portion of such Assessments to be paid to the Collectors for the District to which such Office may be removed. [&* 37 Geo. 3. r, iz8.]

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[4s. in the^.j

[30th November 1797.]

Most gracious Sovereign, Sr

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, taking into our serious Consideration such Expences as are absolutely necessary for sup-« porting your Majesty's Government, and being resolved to supply the same, have, for that End and Purpose, cheerfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty the several and respective Rates and Assessments hereafter mentioned j and we do most humbly beseech your «. Majesty that it may be enacted ;* &c.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Tax Office, and such of their Officers as are taxable for their respective Offices or Employments under this Act, shall be a Hefted upon this Act in the District for Offices in Westminster- Hall within the City and Liberty of Westminster, where the Salaries and other Profits of the said Commissioners and other Officers in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, were assessed, and not elsewhere, so as the full Proportion which was assessed on the said District for Offices in Westminster Hall, be continued to be assessed thereon by virtue of this Act, andfo as any other Division, District, Parish, or Place, to which the said Office has been or may be removed, be not charged with a greater Proportion in respect of the said Salaries and Profits, or any Part thereof, than it was in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight: Provided always, that out of the Sum to be assessed on the said Commissioners, and their said Officers, there shall be paid to the Collectors of the Land Tax for the Division, District, Parish, or Place, to which the said Office is or may be removed. One-third Part thereof, and also the Whole of the Land Tax for all additional Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Tax Office which shall or may be hereafter appointed and employed, to be applied in Aid of the Assessment to be laid upon the said Division, District, Parish, or Place, by virtue of this Act.

CAP. VI.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy, videlicet, on the sixth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

[2d December 1797.]

37 Geo. III. Cap. 70, recited, and continued until the Time stated in the Title."

CAP. VII.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the one, Chapter Thirty-two, on the tenth Day of March, and the other. Chapter Sixty-one, on the twenty-fifth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-\ seven, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts made in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

[2d December 1797.]

u 37 Geo. III. Cap. 32; 37 Geo. III. Cap. 61; and 27 Geo. III. Cap. 1205 recited. Two first-recited u Acts further continued. Act may be altered or repealed this Session."

CAP.

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 8, 9, 10. 685

Cap. viii. -. ;1

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money* by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[3,000,000l.] [30th December 1797.]

Commissioners of the Treasury may raise 3,000,000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, before April $, 44 *798, in like Manner as is prescribed by the Malt Act of this Session, concerning Loans, &'c. Certain Clauses, &c. in the said Act relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills, extended to this Act. Exchequer Bills so issued not to be received again in Payment of any Faxes; nor exchanged before 051. 10, 1798. Action not to lie for Refusal to exchange them. Principal and Interest, with Charges, to be repaid, out of instalments payable in or after July, August, and September next, on any Loan of this Session; and if the Instalments paid before Nov- 20, 1798, be inefficient, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund. Monies lo issued to be replaced out of the first Supplies. Bank of England authorized to advance the said Sum on the Cre- die of this Act; notwithstanding the Act 5 and 6 Gul. & Maria, or Cap. 1. §3. of this Session."

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on the sixteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also an Act passed in the same Year, Chapter Eighty, videlicet, on the twenty-second Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also another Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six,' videlicet, on the fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and to continue, for the same Period, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one, videlicet, on the twenty-eighth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

[30th December 1797.]

cc 35 Gl*.IIL Cap. 15 and 80; 36 Geo. III. Cap. 76: and 37 Geo. III. Cap. 12; continuing those Acts, recited, and the three continued Acts further continued to the Time mentioned in the Title of this Act. 44 37 Geo. ILL Cap. 21, further continued to the same Time."

; c a p. x.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, so much of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seven, videlicet, on the eleventh of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, as relates to the Exportation and carrying Coastwise of Wheat and Rye, and to the Importation of several Articles of Provision.

[30th December 1797.]

W Mm

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue for a

limited Time, and amend an All made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to tro~

bibit the h Articles of

mining Pf^heat, Bp

jqfl Session of Parliament, but which have not been found fit for making Bread, to bejfed in the Manufacture of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Diszillation of Low Wines and Spirits: And whereas it is expedient, that so much of the said Act as relates to the Exportation and carrying Coastwise of certain Sorts of Corn, and to the Importation of the Articles of Provision mentioned in the said Act, should be continued for a limited Time Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as relates to the Exportation or carryingCoaftwife of Wheat or Rye, or any Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Malt, made thereof; and also so much thereof as relates to the Importation of Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentils, Cahvances, and all other Sorts of Pulse; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal, and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise: Bacon, Hams, l ongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour Crout, shall be further continued during the Period herein after mentioned, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and Refitidlions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are in the said Act contained, with regard to such Exportation, Importation, or carrying Coastwise respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Foreign Wheat or Rye, or any Meal or Flour made thereof, shall arrive in any of the Ports of this Kingdom on or before the thirty-first Day of December one thousand 3 - ’: seven

37 Geo. 3. c.y$ recited.

So much of cited Ad as relates to the Exportation or tarrying Coastwise of Wheat, or Rye, of the Flour, &c. thereof, or to the Importation of Beans, See further continued.

Foreign Wheat or Rye, or the Flour,&c. there. of, arrivingatan

686 C. io, ii, 12. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Port in Great Britain by Dec.

3l» .1797.

be imported

Duty free, if proved to have been ready for

seven hundred and ninety-seven, and it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three of them, that the lame had been completely laden and ready for Sea, if at any Port in the Baltic Sea, on or before the twenty- first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and if at any Port not in the Baltic Sea, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, then the same may be imported without Payment of any Duty, whatsoever. J

Sea at certain Periods.

During the Re-ccfs of Parliament, his Majesty may suspend the Provisions of this Act

Act maybe altered or repealed this Session.

Continuance of Act.]

III. And be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty, at any Time during the Recess of Parliament, shall judge it to be most for the benefit and Advantage of this Kingdom to suspend all or any of the Provisions of this Act, then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or their Royal Proclamation, to be issued by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or by his Majesty's Order in Council, to be published in the London Gazette, so to do.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the Expiration of six Weeks

from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. * ‘i&faBnH

CAP. XL

An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and two, videlicet, on the nineteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland.

[30th December 1797.]

CAP. XII.

37 C«o 3. c. 103. recited.

§ 16.

Where the first Meeting of Lieutenancy, was not held on the Day appointed by the recited Act, it may be held not later than March 1, 1798.

§ T5* T7*

ftts Majesty, in Council, may

An Act to give further Time for executing, and for enlarging, the Powers of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

[30th December 1797.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the first MeetingLof his Majesty's Lieutenants and the Deputy Lieutenants of each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, for carrying

into Execution the said Act, was thereby directed to be held on the first Day of August, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: And whereas his Majesty's Lieutenants and Deputy Lieu- tenants of certain Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, in Scotland, have not met on the said first Day of August, to carry the said Act into Execution, byreason whereof the said Militia have not yet been f raised in Scotland May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Stewartry, City, or Place, in Scotland, where the first Meeting of Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants was not held on the Day appointed by the said Act, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the said Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places respectively, and they are hereby required to meet on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to carry the said Act into Execution; and the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, who shall attend such Meeting, are hereby authorized and empowered to proceed -in the Execution of the said Act, in the like Manner as they were directed to do, and might have done, on the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: Provided always, that if it shall happen that the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, in which the said Act hath not been carried into Execution, shall not hold their hrft Meeting on the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, it shall be lawful for the said respective Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants to meet at any other Time afterwards, not later than the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and they are hereby respectively required, in case of such Failure, to meet at such Time as they conveniently can, and so as the said Meeting be not unnecessarily postponed or later than the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty and that the first Meeting to be held on any of the Days before mentioned, and all other subsequent Meetings to be held in pursuance thereof, and also all Proceedings and Acts to be had or done at the said several Meetings, or any of them, or in pursuance o( Orders given at such Meeting, shall be equally valid and effectual as if the same Meetings had been held on the Days mentioned in the said Act, or authorized thereby, and the same Proceedings and Acts had been done at such Meetings, or in pursuance of Orders given at the same.

II. And whereas it is enacted by the said Act *, that the Number o( Private Men to be raised by the said Act should be apportioned and divided over the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, as his

14 Majesty,

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo o<ftavo Georgii III. c. 12, 13.

Majesty, by Order in Council, shall direct: And whereas for Want of Returns from the said Counties, 4 Stewartries, Cities, and Places, where the said Act has not been carried into Execution, his Majesty hath not been able to make such Division Be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and notwithstanding no Accounts or States of Persons liable to serve as Militia Men have been transmitted for certain of the said Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order in Council, from the Lifts, States, and Accounts, already transmitted to his Majesty's Privy Council, previously to apportion and divide over the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, from which such Lists, States, and Accounts, have been transmitted, the Number of Militia Men to serve for each such County, Stewartry, City, or Place; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That until such Time as Returns shall have been transmitted to his Majesty's Privy Council fron all the Counties, otewartries. Cities, and Places, in Scotland, the total Number of Militia Men to be apportioned for thofd Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, from which Returns have been received, as directed by the said Act, shall not exceed five thousand five hundred.

687

apportion the N u mber of Men to lerve for each Place from whence Return* Iiave been transmit-ted.

fional Apjx>r-tionment may be increased on Receipt of the whole Return*.

Till the whole Returns are transmitted, the Total to be apportioned for

V - ". V * Places from whence Returns have been sent, shall not exceed 5 500$

IV. Provided also, That if upon the Returns being made from the remaining Counties, Stewartries, Suchprovi-Cities, or Places, where the said Act has not been carried into Execution, it shall appear to his Majesty in Council that the Number of Men to be apportioned over the said remaining Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, together with the Numbers already apportioned, will not complete the Number to be raised by the said Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order in Council, to make such further Apportionment of Men to be raised over the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, for which such Provisional Apportionment shall have been before made, as to his Majesty in Council shall seem expedient and necessary to carry into Effect the Provisions of the said Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or, failing of him, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, of each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall, upon Receipt of his Majesty's Order in Council aforesaid, summon a General Meeting of the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, at some Burgh or principal Town of the said County, Stewartry, or Place, not later than fourteen Days after the Receipt of the said Order in Council, at which General Meeting the Number of Men to be ballotted for in each Subdivision or District of the said County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall be fixed and apportioned; which Ballot shall take place as directed by the said Act *, and the Copy of the Roll or Rolls of Militia Men balloted for and thereby ordered to be affixed to the Door of each Parish Church, may be so affixed by the Schoolmaster of such Parish, or by a Constable or other Officer any Thing in the said Act

On Receipt of his Majesty's Order in Council for that Purpose,' a General Meeting of Lieutenancy to be summon-, ed within 14 Days, to apportion the Num-

to the contrary notwithstanding.

her to be balloted for in each District.

§ 18.

tenant

Lifts for two or more DistTifts may be added together.

District, so as to make the Choice of Militia Men by Ballot within every such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, as equal and impartial as possible; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant for each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal or in the Absence of his Majesty's said Lieutenant, the Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, may summon a> General Meeting, or District or Subdivision Meeting, at such Times and Places as they may think necef-

gm / % 1 m # La I i — - J — M m .1 J A XX m« ] I m mm mm A I — A II. L. ML J. m 1 — I - f _ - 11 1*- IX I A

fary for be

fa

and Authorities as are given to them respectively by the said recited Act and this present Act, and may be adjourned from Time to Time as may be found necessary.

General or Distria Meetings may be summoned at any Time for the further Execution of the A a*.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty* ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second *, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Com- CaP* 5*

missions to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants, who have served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications.

[30th December 1797.]

y mm

WHEREAS it is judged expedient for the better Defence of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to augment his Majesty's sixtieth Regiment of Infantry, now confining of four Battalions of one thousand Men each, by the Addition of a filth Battalion, to consist in like Manner of one thousand Men,

and to inlist as Soldiers, to serve in the said Fifth Battalion \n America, any of the Foreign T roops now in his Majesty's Pay, or other Foreigners who shall voluntarily enter themselves to serve as Soldiers therein:

4 And whereas such Foreigners cannot so well be disciplined, without the Assistance of some Officers who are acquainted with their Manners and Language: And whereas it is expedient, in the present Juncture of Aftairs, to facilitate the speedy raising of such fifth Battalion, and to enable a certain Number of Fo-HQlT. - v 4 reiga

688

His Majesty, may add a fifth Battalion othe 6oth Regiment, and Foreigners may serve therein in America.

Foreign Officers

may serve and receive Fay therein.

2 of Stat 29 Geo. 2. c. 5, to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to’ Foreign Protestants, repealed.

Foreign Officers to serve in America only, and may receive Half Pay.

rtvfons assessed to the Duties on Male Servants, Carriages, or Plea. I'ure-Horses, to pay an additional Duty on the Amount of

C. 13 - 16. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

reign Officers to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such fifth Battalion:’ Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to augment the said fortieth Regiment of Infantry, by the-Actlirion of a fifth Battalion, to consist of one thousand Men, and to enlist as Soldiers, to serve in such Battalion, any of the Foreign Troops now in his Majesty's Pay, or other Foreigners who shall voluntarrly

enter themselves to serve as Soldiers therein in America.

6

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Foreign Officers who shall receive Commissions from his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be Officers of such fifth Battalion in America, (which Commissions it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant,) shall and may be enabled to serve and receive Pay as Officers in the said Regiment.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled,

4. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number oj Foreign Protestants, zuho have 'served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Restrictions and Sjualxfications, it is amongst other T hings enacted, that the Number of Officers in the said Regiment shall not, in the Whole, at any Time, exceed fifty, nor the Number of Engineers, in the Whole, at any Time, exceed twenty*,’ Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited CTause in the above-mentioned Act shall, from and after the passing of this present Act, be, and it is hereby declared to be and (land totally repealed to all Intents and Purposes. _. 5..a/,

IV. Provided also, That no such Foreign Officer shall be enabled by this Act to serve as an Officer in any Place except America only; but every such Foreign Officer, when he shall be reduced, shall be capable of receiving Half-Pay according to the Rank in which he shall then serve.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them until the twenty-nfth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of MichaeU mas Term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[30th December 1797.]

CAP. XV. 1 f 41 sBl

i

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore; to continue until the twenty-

fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[30th December 1797.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War.

[12th January 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign, t

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, feeling it our indispensable Duty at the present Crisis, to provide effectually for racting the Supplies which are requisite to defray your Majesty's Public Expences in the Prosecution of the jult and necessary War in which we are engaged, for the Defence and Preservation of your Majesty's Crown,

and of the Religion, Laws, Liberties, and Property of all your Majesty's faithful Subjects, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Aid and Contribution herein after mentioned,

and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, annually, during the Term herein after mentioned, unto and for the-Ule of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, the several additional Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money hererein-after mentioned; (that is to say); That every Person assessed to any of the Duties payable at and immediately before the pairing of this Act, on Male Servants, on Carriages, or on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing

A.D. 1798.

tricesimo

C. i6.

689

the last Aff< Ament prior to April 6, 1798, in certain Proportion*;

If the present Rate is under 25l. 3 Times the Amount.

25l. and under 30I — 3 30l. and under 401.-4.

40l. and under 5CI.—4^.

50l. and upwards, 5 Times the Amount, additional:

Where the present AAWTment is for hfs than a Y'car, the additional Rate to be calculated on the Amount for a whole Year.

on House>, Windows, Dogs, or Clocks or Watches, to an Amount less than 20s. exempted from any additional Duty; but if afltiTerito that ora greater Amount, to pay the following additional Duty; viz.

any such Carriages, shall be charged annually, during the Term herein mentioned*, with an additional Rate or Duty in Proportion to the Amount of the said Duties to which such Person is assessed, according to the last yearly Assessment or Assessments made or to be made prior to the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament now in force, and the Proportion thereof shall be as follows; (that is to say ;) Where the Amount of the said Duties shall be under twenty-five Pounds, a Duty equal to three Times the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be twenty-five Pounds, and shall be under thirty Pounds, a Duty equal to three limes the Amount and One-half the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be thirty Pounds, and shall be tinder forty Pounds, a Duty equal to four Times the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be forty Pounds, and shall be under fifty Pounds, a Duty equal to four Times the Amount and One-half the Amount thereof; and where the Amount of the said Duties shall be fifty Pounds or upwards, a Duty equal to five Times the Amount thereof:

And that where any Person shall be so charged by any such Assessment made for a less Term than a Year, the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed shall be computed on the Aggregate Amount of the Sums contained in such Assessment or Assessments, and of such further Sum to be added thereto as

would be payable thereon if the same were made for a whole Year. (See Exempt m in §15, 16, 17,31,3?/^.]

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person assessed to any of the Rates or Duties now payable Person* aifWTtd to the Dutic* on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, on Dogs, or on Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, (except as herein after provided f,) the Amount of whose last Assessment or Assessments of the said Duties shall not be equal to one Pound, shall be exempted from any additional Rate or Duty; and that in all Cases where the Amount of the last Assessment or Assessments made upon such Person of the said Duties shall be one Pound or upwards, such Person shall be charged annually, during the Term herein mentioned, with an additional Rate or Duty, in Proportion to the Amount of the said Duties to which such Person is assessed, according to the last yearly Assessment or Assessments, made or to be made prior to the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in pur-fu^nceof any Act of Parliament now in force; and the Proportion thereof shall be as follows; viddi-cet, Where the Amount of the said Duties shall be under two Pounds, a Duty equal to One fourth the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be two Pounds, and shall be under three Pounds, a Duty equal to One-half the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be three Pounds, and shall be under five Pounds, a Duty equal to Three-fourths of the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be five Pounds, and shall be under seven Pounds and ten Shillings, a Duty equal to the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be seven Pounds and ten Shillings, and shall be under ten Pounds, a Duty equal to the Amount and One-half the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be ten Pounds, and shall be under twelve Pounds and ten Shillings, a Duty equal to twice the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be twelve Pounds and ten Shillings, and shall be under fifteen Pounds, a Duty equal to twice the Amount and One-half the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be *5l* and under 2d.—3 fifteen Pounds, and shall be under twenty Pounds, a Duty equal to three Times the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be twenty Pounds, and shall be under thirty Pounds, a Duty equal to three Times the Amount and One-half the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be thirty Pounds, and shall be under forty Pounds, a Duty equal to four Times the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be forty Pounds, and shall be under fifty Pounds, a Duty equal to four Times the Amount and One-half the Amount thereof; and where the Amount of the said Duties shall be fifty Pounds or upwards, a Duty equal to five Times the Amount thereof:

And that where any Person shall be so charged by any such Assessment made for a less Term than a Year, the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed shall be computed on the Aggregate Amount of the Sums contained in such Assessment or Assessments, and of such further Sum to be added thereto as would become payable thereon if the same were made for a whole Year.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall occupy any Dwelling House usually let out by such Person in Part to Lodgers, or with the Purpose of usually so letting out the same, or any Dwelling Jdoui'e, Part whereof is occupied and used by the Line Person as a Shop, the Amount of whose last Assessment or A lie ll'mems, in respect of the Duties now payable on Houses,

Windows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, or on Dogs, Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, shall be in the Whole under three Pounds, shall be exempted from any additional Rate or Duty; and that in all Cases where the Amount of the last Assessment or Assessments to the said Duties, made upon such Occupier, shall amount to three Pounds, such Occupier shall be charged annually, during the Term herein mentioned, with an additional Rate or Duty, in Proportion to the Amount of the said Duties to which such Occupier is assessed, according to the last yearly Assessment or Assessments made or to be made prior to the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety e:ght, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament now in force; and the Proportion thereof shall be as follows; videlicet

Where the Amount of the said Duties shall be three Pounds, and shall be under five Pouinis, a Duty equal to One-tenth of the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Dudes shall be five Pounds,

If the present Amount is under

il.—Jkh thereof.

2l. and under 3l.—4*.

3l. and under 5l.—

5l. and under 7l. 10s. — the Amount, or one Rate additional

7l. 10s. and under 10l.—

xol. and under xal 106.—i-ill ics. and under 15I-

3}'

20l. and under 30^. 30l. and under 40l.

40l. and under 50l.—

50J. and upwards, 5 Rates, or 5 Times t.ie present Amoynt, additional

Occupiers of Lodging Houses or Shops, alTe/Tcd to an Amount less than 3l. to the Duties on Houses, &c. exempted from any additional Duty; bu. if a fit Aid to that or a greater Amount, to pay the following additional Duties; viz.

If the present Amount is 3I,

and under 5l.— 7*0ch Part thereof.

5l. and under 7l. ios.-

1 Seti §3, 11, 12, 17, 19, 20.

4u

and

3$ Geo. III.

See $ tet.

6go

C. 16.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

7l.105. and under iol.—{

id. and under 22l. 10s.

X2l. xos. and under 15I—J.

15l. and under sol—the Amount, orone Rate additional.

20l. and under 25l.—j£.

25l. and under 30l. —ij.

30l. and upwards, two Rates, or twice the present Amount, additional.

Persons whose annual Income is less than 60l. exempted; and where it amounts to that Sum or more, to be entitled to such Abatements as may reduce the Duty to the following Proportions of their Income:

60l. and under 65l.; i x a

65l.—70l.; — X

70I—75Lj — 1 T9

7 5I-—Sol.; — V 9T

201.-851.; — t Zt>

85l.—90l.; — t TT

90l.—95I; — Y T9

95l.—106L; — 1

lool.—xo;!.; — l *9

J05l.—nol.; — V 39

iioi.—215l.; — t 59

115l.—110l.9 — \ 1 y*

jiol.—125l.; — 1 TT

125l.—130l.; — 1 39

j3<4 - 135I} — t TT

13 5I*—x4oI.} — 1 T9

140I—145I; — X T9

1451.-1501.} — 1 YY'

1501.-1551.; — V T9

1551 - 1601.; — V YT

and shall be under seven Pounds and ten Shillings, a Duty equal to One-fifth of the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be seven Pounds and ten Shillings, and shall be under ten Pounds, a Duty equal to One fourth of the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be ten Pounds, and shall be under twelve Pounds and ten Shillings, a Duty equal to One-hall the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be twelve Pounds and ten Shillings, and shall be under fifteen Pounds, a Duty equal to Three-fourths the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be fifteen Pounds, and shall be under twenty Pounds, a Duty equal to the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be twenty Pounds, and shall be under twenty-five Pounds, a Duty equal to the Amount and One fourth the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be twenty-five Pounds, and shall be under thirty Pounds, a Duty equal to the Amount and One-half the Amount thereof; and where the Amount of the said Duties shall be thirty Pounds or upwards, a Duty equal to twice the Amount thereof * *: And that where any Person shall be so charged determined by any such Assessment, made for a less Term than a Year, the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed shall be computed on the Aggregate Amount of the Sums contained in such Aflefi-mentor Assessments, and of such further Sum to be added thereto as would becon/j payable thereon if the same were made for a whole Year. ftSHRIn!

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person charged to the additional Rates or Duties hereby imposed, shall, upon proving, as herein after is mentioned, that the Amount of his or her annual Income, to be estimated as herein after directed, is less than the Sum of sixty Pounds, be exempted from the said additional Rates or Duties; and in ah Cases where such annual Income amounts to sixty Pounds or more, such Person shall be entitled to such an Abatement of the said additional Rates or Duties as may be needfary to reduce the same, in each Case respectively, in the Proportions herein after dated; (that is to say,) TIM

Where the said annual Income shall appear to be not less than sixty Pounds but under sixty-five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one One hundred and twentieth Part of the same:

Or not less than sixty-five Pounds but under seventy Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Ninety-fifth Part of the same: ';

Or not less than seventy Pounds but under seventy-five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Seventieth Part of the same:

Or not less than seventy-five Pounds but under eighty Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Sixty-fifth Part of the same: >: \\ £SHkyftB

Or not less than eighty Pounds but under eighty-five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Sixtieth Part of the same.

Or not less than eighty-five Pounds but under ninety Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Fifty-fifth Part of the same:

Or not less than ninety Pounds but under ninety-five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Fiftieth Part of the same:

Or not less than ninety-five Pounds but under one hundred Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Forty-fifth Part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred Pounds but under one hundred and five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Fortieth Part of the same:. ,$\T

Or not less than one hundred and five Pounds but under one hundred and ten Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Thirty-eighth Part of the same: v

Or not less than one hundred and ten Pounds but under one hundred and fifteen Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Thirty-(ixth Part of the same: ‘

Or not leis than one hundred and fifteen Pounds but under one hundred and twenty Pounds, toa Sum not exceeding one Thirty-fourth Part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and twenty Pounds but under one hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to

a Sum not exceeding one Thirty-second Part of the same: ,.vY t

Or not less than one hundred and twenty-five Pounds butunderone hundred and thirty Pounds, toa Sum not exceeding one Thirtieth Part of the fume:

Or not less than one hundred and thirty Pounds but under one hundred and thirty-five Pounds, toa Sum not exceeding one Twenty-eighth Part of the same; ux)

Or not less than one hundred and thirty-five Pounds but under one hundred and forty Pounds, to a

Sum not exceeding one Twenty-sixth Part of the same: j,

Or not less than one hundred and forty Pounds but under one hundred and forty-five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Twenty-fourth Part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and forty-five Pounds but under one hundred and fifty Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Twenty-second Part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and fifty Pounds but under one hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Twentieth Part of the same: At (BT

Or not Ids than one hundred and fifty-five Pounds but under one hundred and sixty Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Nineteenth Part of the same: fjj rOK

[By 11, Innkeepers and Schoolmasters; §12, Occupiers of furnifsed Lodging Houses j 4 17, Royal A'udemiciant; and b :0*

Keepers of Mai- Jloufts, are rated in the same Proportions.]

-I

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

Or not less than one hundred and sixty Pounds hut under one hundred and sixty-five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Eighteenth Part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and sixty five Pounds but under one hundred and seventy Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Seventeenth Part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and seventy Pounds but under one hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Sixteenth Part of the same:;

( )r not less than one hundred and seventy-five Pounds but under one hundred and eighty Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Fifteenth Part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and eighty Pounds but under one hundred and eighty-five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Fourteenth Part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and eighty five Pounds but under one hundred and ninety Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Thirteenth Part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and ninety Pounds but under one hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Twelfth Part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and ninety-five Pounds but under two hundred Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Eleventh Part of the same:

Or to two hundred Pounds and upwards, to a Sum not exceeding one Tenth Part of the same:

And where the said annual Income shall appear to be not Itfs than two hundred Pounds, every such Person shall be entitled to such an Abatement of the additional Duty now granted, as may be necessary to reduce the same, in each Cale respectively, to a Sum not exceeding one Tenth Part of the said Income.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person not assessed within the Year ending on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to any of the said Duties payable at and immediately before the passing of this Act, and who shall be assessed to any of the said Duties in any subsequent Year during the Perm herein after mentioned, shall be charged with the like additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of the Sums contained in such Assessment or Assessments, from the Commencement o' the Year for which such Assessment or Assessments shall be made, subject nevertheless to the like Abatement, as it such Person had been assessed to the said Duties within the Year ending on the said fitth Day of April one thousand seven bundled and ninety-eight.

VI. And be it turiher enacted, That every Person who shall, by any Assessment or Assessments to be made after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, be alfefied in respect of the said Duties payable at and immediately before the passing of this Act, to a greater Amount than the Amount contained in the prior Assessment, shall be charged with a further additional Rate or Duty, in Proportion to the Sums contained in such latter Assessment or Assessments, from the Commencement of the Year for which such latter Assessment or Assessments shall be made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person whose Assessment shall be increared by any Sur-

charge to be allowed, shall be charged, in respect of such increased Assessment, in the like Proportion as if a«l the Articles in respect ot wnion such Surcharge may be allowed, had been included in the original Assessment.

Via. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be made on the Amount contained in any such Assessment of the Duties now payable as aforesaid, exc lufne of any fractional Parts of Sums not amounting in the Whole to one Shilling.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several additional R;tes or Duties by this Act imposed, shall be levied and paid annually, during the Continuance of the Perm herein mentioned, to the full Amount of the Sums contained in me hrA Assessment to be made thereof respectively, without any Alteration, except in the Cales and in the Manner herein otherwise directed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Amount of the Duties now payable by any Person shall confilt of various Articles, on the respective Amounts whereof different Rates of Duty are hertby imposed, separate Assessments shall be made according to each Rate of Duty, which Assessments shall be respectively made on the Aggregate Amount of the said Duties whereon the same Rate of Duty is imposed; and that in every such Case, if the Duties of ten Pounds pir Centum and ten Pounds per Centum, now payable on the Amount ol former Duties, shall have been calculated on the Whole of the said to;mer Duties contained in any Assessment, it shall be lawful duly to apportion the same; and the said respective Commissioners for executing this Adf shall cause the same to be apportioned according to the respective Amounts of the said Duties, whereon the same Rates are imposed, before any Assessment shall be made thereon by virtue of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Innkeeper, and other Person licensed to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by retail, and every Person keeping any School, Academy, or Seminary for Learning, and usually having their Scholars to board and lodge (to a Number not less than ten) in their reflective Dwelling Houses, shall be entitled to be exempted in the like cases, and the additional Rate or Duty to be imposed on them respectively by this Act shall be ascertained in like Manner, and under the like Rules and Regulations, as are hereinbefore prescribed with respect to Persons assessed for Houses actually let to Lodgeis, or having Shops.

XII. And be it (urther enacted, That every Person having one or more Dwelling Houses, usually let as a ready-furnished Lodging House or Lodging Houses, or keeping one or more Dwelling Houses

1 - 4 U 2 with

691

x6ol —1651.} — V ST

1651.. — T701.5 — 1 rr

1701.. — 1751.5 — V

1751.. —1 Sol. j — f TT

1801.* -1851; —

1851- —1901.; — 1 f TT

1901, -'9S*-i — 1 TT

»95>- —2 col 5 — f TT

2 COl. and upwards m 1 TT

Persons affcITeii after April 5, 1798, 10 p.iy the additional Duty on the Amount of such Assessments from the Commencement of the Year for which irude. §83.]

Persons assessed after April 5, 1798, to a greater Amount than in the pnor Afltflment, to be charged with a proportional additional Assessment.

[&r §82 J

Surcharges to be charged as if they had been included in the original Assessment. 81.J

Fractional Parts of Assessments under is^ not to be charged with additional Duty.

Additional Duty to be paid annually, to the Amount of the first Assessment made.

[See §6, 7, 81 ]

If the Amount of Duties now

payable consist of Articles, the Amounts whereof are liable to different Rates, fcp.uate AssessT-ments to be made i'oreach j and the Duties of 10l. per Cent and 10l. per Cent may be apportioned. [Sir* 5t* to -which this in certain Cijes9 forms an ceftrn. J

Inns, &c. and Boarding Schools to be chargeable as Lodging Houses, &c. under §3.

Persons having ene or mere Houses, usually let, or Kept to

692

be let, rc^y-ftimish:d, to be assessed as for Lodging Houses, as under § g, 3nd for two or

niori separately; [&c 51, from 1which ton form or Exception*

C. 16.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 179S.

with the Purpose of so usually letting out the same, shall, in Tefpedl of each Dwelling House so let or kept with the Purpose of being so let, be liable to the said additional Rate or Duty, *of r"" ll- d-*-—j

No Person to be deemed the Occupier of a Ixxlging House, or ready-furnished Lodging House, unless it be let, or hath been kept bona fdc for that Purpose within the Year preceding the Appeal,

Persons having more than four Children under! 21 Years* old, maintained by them, to be entitled to certain Abatements on Appeal and Pro<\fj viz for 5, 6,017, 10 per Cent.—3 or 9, 3 5 per Cent.—-10 or more, xo per Cent, on the Amount of the additional ltate.

Sheriffs, or annual Officers of Corporations, no: liable for additional Carriages, Horses, or Servants, kept during the Year of their Office only,

Physicians, kc. liable only to a Angle additional Rate for one Carriage or two Horses, where they keep r.o more.

Royal Academicians or Afloci-ates keeping but one Male Servant, to be aircffid only once the former Duty; and to the additional Duty on'Houses and Windows as foi Shops, under

§3-

Incumbents to pay for Redo-rial or Vicarial Houses inhabited by Curates.

Additional Duty on Houses or Windows not to extend to Royal or Public Hospitals.

Houses for Lunatics to be charged as Lodging Houses, under

j —-t he like R ate mid

under the like Ruies and Regulations as are herein prdcribed with respect to Persons aliefled for Houses let in Part to Lodgers as aforesaid, and shall be entitled to be exempted from the said additional Rate or P^y like Cases as Persons so letting Houses in Part to Lodgers: Provided always, that every Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act on any Person having two or more such Dwelling Houses so let or kept with the Purpose of being so let, shall be ascertained at the Rate before-mentioned on the Amount of the Duties now payable in respect of each such Dwelling House separately, and noton the aggregate Amount of the said Duties payable in respect of all the Houses, or of any other of the said Duties for which such Person shall or may be assessed. i >. y.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Giall be deemed to occupy any

Dwelling House for the Purpose of being let out in Part to Lodgers, or as a read y-fu miffed Lodging

House, unless the same shall be actually let, or unless such Person shall prove, upon Appeal in the

Manner herein mentioned, that such Dwelling House hath been let out in Part to Lodgers, or as a

ready-furnished Lodging House, within the Year preceding the Time of making such Appeal, or that the same, not being lo let, hath been advertised or publicly offered to be so let in the Period in which the same shall not have been so let; and that such Person hath occupied or kept, and doth continue to

occupy or keep the same, with the bond fide Purpose of being let out in Part to Lodgers or as a ready-furnished Lodging House.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person having more than four Children of him or her, or of his or her Wife or Husband, or of both of them, born in lawful Wedlock, being respectively under the Age of twenty-one Years, and maintained by such Person at his or her Expence shall be entitled to the respective Abitements following, over and above any other Abatement to which such Person may be entitled on the Ground of his or her Income; that is to lay, Any Person having mofe than four such Children, and not amounting to eight such Children, shall have an Abatement at the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the additional Rates or Duties hereby imposed any Person having eight such Children and not more than nine such Children, an Abatement after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum on such Amount as aforesaid; and any Person having ten such Children or more, an Abatement after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum on such Amount - which Abatement shall be allowed by the respective Commissioners for executing this Adf, upon Appeal and Delivery of a Declaration dating the Number of such Appellant’s Children, and on Proof made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, (\f the Truth of the Matters contained in such Declaration and the said Commissioners shall cause the Assessment to be amended, as the Case shall require.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person having served, or who" shall during the Continuance of this Act, serve the Office of Sheriff of any County, or any annual Office in any

Corporation or Royal Burgh, and who shall beafleffed to the Duties payable on Servants, Carriages.

or Horses kept by him during such Year of Service, shall be liable to be charged during such Year of

Service, by virtue of this Act, for any Number of Servants, Carriages, and Horses, greater than the

Number such Person was assessed to by the lad Assessment made prior to the Year of such Service nor

diallhe be liable to be so charged after such Year of Service, provided he shall ccafe to keep any Vuch

additional Carriage, Horse, or Servant, Carriages, Horses, or Servants, after the Expiration of such Year of Service. '

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Physician, Surgeon, Apothecary or Alid-

wife, shall be liable to be assessed, by reason of this Act, at more than a iingle Rate in Addition to the Sum at which he is or may be assessed by virtue of any Act or Acts now in force, for a Carriage or for two Horses, in any Case where he does not keep more than one Carriage, or two Horses. '

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Academician or Associate of the Royal Academy oi Arts in Great Britain, keeping one Male Servant only, shall be liable to be assessed to the said additional Rate or Duty in a Sum greater than once the Amount of the Duties now payable on such Male Servant by the lad Assessment thereof; and that every such Academician or Associate shall be assessed to the said additional Rate or Duty on Houses, Windows, or Lights, and on inhabited Houses, at the like Rate, and under the like Rules as are hereinbefore prescribed for Dweliin" Houses

occupied in Part as Shops. ;* f ttLJ

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every Case in which the Rector or Vicar of any Panin ^hurchshall employ a Curate to perform Divine Service therein, which Curate shall restate in the rectorial or vicarial House, then the additional Rates or Duties charged upon each such Ho-jfe by this Act, shall be defrayed by such Rector or Vicar, and not by such Curate.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge the said additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of the Duties payable on Houses. Windows, or Lights, in respect of any of the Royal or Public Hospitals, or any Chambers or Apartments therein used or occupied for charitable Purposes.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall be duly licensed to keep,

and who shall keep a House for the Reception of Lunatics, shall be chargeable with any greater Rate of Duty than if such House had been let out to Lodgers. K

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person assessed to the Duties now payable on Horses, granted by two Acts of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, the one thereof, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty new Duties on certain Horses not charged with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules; and the other thereof, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Horses before charged with a Duty of two Shillings by an Act of the thirty-sixth Year of His present Atajeftfs Reign, and on Mules \ shall be charged annually, during the Term herein mentioned, with an additional Rate or Duty equal to twice the Amount of the said Duties to which such Person is assessed, according to the last AsselTrnent or Assessments made in pursuance of the said Acts, prior to the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: Provided always, that no Person occupying a Farm, the Rent of which shall be left than seventy Pounds a Year and making a Livelihood solely thereby, shall be chargeable with the said additional Rate or Duty; and that no Person occupying a Farm, the Rent of which shall be left than one hundred and fifty Pounds a Year and making a Livelihood solely thereby, shall be chargeable with the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed for more than five such Horses.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, charged by the last Afle(T-ment or Assessments made as aforesaid to any of the Duties now payable on Servants, Carriages, or Horses, shall at any Time before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven have ceased to keep any Servant, Carriage, or Horse, or any Number of Servants, Carriages, or Horses, for which he or she shall have been so charged, and shall have bona fide remained during the whole Interval, between the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven and the Time of hearing the Appeal against the Assessment to be made under this Act, without any Servant, Carriage, or Horse, or any Servants, Carriages, or Horses, in lieu of the former, liable to the like Duty, then such Person shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for executing this Act, be exempted from any Charge to be made by virtue of this Act on the Amount of the said Duties now payable on such Servants, Carriages, and Horses respectively.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person so charged as aforesaid to any of the Duties now payable on Carriages, shall, from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to the Time of hearing the Appeal against the Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, have bond fide ceased to use any Carriage or Carriages kept by him or her, and shall have wholly discontinued the Use of the same during the whole Interval between the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven and the Time of hearing the Appeal against the Assessment to be made under this Act, then such Person shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners before whom the Appeal for that Cause shall be depending, be exempted from any Charge to be made by virtue of this Act, on the Amount of the Duties now payable on such Carriage or Carriages so discontinued.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Persons not living in Cities, or the Suburbs thereof, or in Market Towns, and having but one Place of Residence, who shall not be rated above the Sum of twenty, five Pounds for their Male Servants, Pleasure Horses, and Carriages, shall be assessed for their Mansion Houses as if they contained forty Windows only, notwithstanding the y should contain a greater Number, so far as respects the additional Rates and Duties imposed by this

a a. *. '/ *v

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person occupying a I arm at the rime of any Assessment being made of the said additional Rates and Duties, by virtue of this Act, on Horses, by the said two Acts of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, before mentioned, and who shall quit the said Farm, in pursuance of any Notice given before the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be entitled to an Abatement of the said additional Rate or Duty, for the Whole of such Hories kept for the Purposes of Hufbmdry upon such Farm, which such Person shall ecafetokeep after having so quitted the said Farm; and the Assessment made upon such Person shall, on Proof, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for executing this ACT of such Person hayingbond fide ceased to keep any Number of such Horses, and hath remained without any other Horses in lieu of the former, be entitled to an Abatement in respect of such Number, as aforesaid, of the said Horses.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall, previous to the first Day of Appeal under this Act for the District where such Person resides, have enrolled himself in any Regiment, Corps, or Troop of Yeomanry Cavalry, raised by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as fi)all voluntarily enrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Cocflsy or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War, shall not have obtained his Exemption for one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, or drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned, in the last Assessment made for the Year ending the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, then and in such Case, on Proof, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for executing this Act, of his being entitled to such Exemption, and on Production of a Certificate to be made out at any Time

previous to his making such. Appeal of his Service in such Regiment, Corps, or Troop, in the Manner mS - ’. directed

69 3

Persons afftflld to the Duties on Horses by 36 Geo. 3. c. 15.2nd 37 Geo. 3. c. 106. to pay twice the last AHeflhntnr, prior to April 6, 175#, additional.

Certain Occupiers of Farms of less than 70l. per Ann. exempted j and of Farms less thaa 1501. not to pay for more than five Horses.

Persons charged by the last Assessment to tire Duties on Servants, Carriages, or Horses* hiving ceased before Nov. x, 1797, to keep any of them, to be exempted from the additional Duty on account of such Servants, &c*

and also Persons having ceased to use Carriages from April 5,

1797«

Persons not living in Cities or Market Towns, laving but one Residence, and rated not above 25l. under 1, not to be afldT-ed to this Act for their Manfioa Houses beyond 40 Windows.

Occupiers of Farms quitting them in pursuance of Notice given before Dec 1, 1797, to have an Abatement of the additional Duty for Horses kept for Husbandry thereon, and not used after.

Persons who, having previous to the first Day of Appeal entered into the Yeomanry Cavalry, under 34 GEO 3. c. 31. shall not have obtained Exemption for a Horse under 36 Geo. 3. c. 16. in the last A/TclE-meni, to be aflefi*ed to the additional Duty, as if the £x<-emption had been allowed.

694

The additional Duty on Houses or Windows payable by Persons who shall remove, to cease, on Notice bcins: given to the Collectors; and the succeeding Occupiers to be chargeable from the Day of their brooming so.

Persons so removing liaMc to additional Duty lor any other House they may occupy, and also for any other Duly to which a He 1 fed previous to Removal.

Persons charged by the last Assessment to the Duties on Houses and Windows, who shall have removed, not liable to the additional Duty; but the present Oecupitr (ifany).

Persons removing into new Houses, nor to be assessed to the additional Duty at mere than ought to be charged on the Houses from which they removed.

A Cl not to extend to additional Clocks or Watches used after Jan. 5, 1798, nor to any not chargeable with Duty within the Year ending that Day.

Persons alTclTrd in respect of new Carriages kept and first used after patfine this Act, or Persons not aflHTed within the Year ending April 1708, but charged for Carriages used for the full Time after parting this Act, liable only to an Addition of once the Amount of the present Duty j to commence from April 5 next after the Carriage shall begin to be used j and to be atl'crted separately.

Additional Duty not to extend to Taxed Carts described in 35 Geo. 3. c. 109 f

c. 49.

t c. 47-

C. 16.

triccfi

A.D. 1798.

directed by the said last mentioned Act, the Person so enrolled and serving shall be assessed to the

additional Rate or Duty in like Manner, and at the like Rate, as if such Exemption had been allowed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person charged ro the Duties now payable on

Houses, Windows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, shall remove from the Dwelling House in respect whereof such Charge shall have been imposed, the Afldfinent made by virtue of this Act, so far as relates to the Amount of the Duties payable in relped of such Dwelling House, shall cease and determine horn the Day on which Notice shall be given of such Removal to the Collectors or Assessors, or any two or more of them, of the Parish or Place where such Dwelling noufe is situate, and thefuc-cecding Occupier shall become chargeable to the said additional Rate or Duty, in respect of such Dwelling House, from the Day he or Hie shall become the Occupier thereof, and the (Commissioners for executing tins Ad shall cauie an Assessment to be made on such succeeding Occupier, on the Amount of the Duties payable in retped of such Dwelling House, and also on the A mount of such other of the said Duties now payable, to which such Occupier was or shall be liable to be assefkd: Provided always, that the Person so removing shall be liable to be again charged to the said additional Rate or Duty, in respect of any other Dwelling House wh:ch he or she may occupy at any Time after such Removal j and also on the Amount of such other of the said Duties, now payable, to which such ferson was aliened previous to such Removal; and such Charge, in respect of such other Dwelling Hou.c, shall commence from the Time such Person shall become the Occupier of such

t House, and shall he paid on the Inst.ilment next eniuing.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where a iy Person charged to the said last mentioned

iV?S on Houses, W indows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, by the lait Assessment as aforesaid,

shall have removed from the Dwelling House in respect whereof Inch Person shall be afLflbd, such Person shall not he charged to the said additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of the said Duties payable

in respect of such Dwelling House, but the present Occupier (if any) of such Dwelling House shall be chargeable therewith, although such Occupier shall pot have been charged to the said Duties now payable by such lait Assessment. T* *3$

XXIX. And be it further enacted, 7 hat if any Person shall remove from any Dwelling House into any newly erected Messuage, which shall not before have been inhabited, such Person shall not be liable, during the Continuance of the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act, to be addled to the said additional Kate or Duty, at more than the Amount of the said Rate or Duty, w.uch by virtue of this Act was or °1JShtto be charged in respect of the Dwelling Hou e from which such Person lo removed.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, I hac nothing herein contained shall be construed

to extend to charge with the said additional Rate or Duty any Person in respect of any additional

Clock, W atch, or Timekeeper, kept, used, or worn afier the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, or in respect of any Clock, Watch, or Timekeeper, where ,uch Per-

df? ,»1 not have been or shall not be charged to the Duties now payable on Clocks, Wa ches, and

J imekeepers, within the Year ending on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and

i.inety eight, in respect ol a Clock, Watch, or I uritkeeper, kept, uled, or worn, previous to the

nlth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any Tiling herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding. - --le

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be a(Te(Ted to the Duties on Carriages in respect of any additional Carriage kept alter the puffing ,.f mis \cf, and which hall not Have been u(ed before he passing of this Act, by any Perli.n whatever, or li any Person not charged to the Duties on Carriages within the Year ending the hlth Day of /f/)W/i,ne thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall be afidled in respect of any Carriage which hath been kept and used for the firli lime after the passing of this Act, then and in every such Case the Person so keeping or using such Larn )ge shall not be liable to be aflelled to the said additional Rate or Duty in respect thereof, in any

!rY^rCaler l^an once ^ie Amount of the said Duties now payable on such Carriages; and that the AlJefim $nt to be made on once the Amount shall commence from the fifth Day of April next after such Carnage shall begin to be used; and the Assessments so to be made on once the Amount of the Duties now payable in respect of such Carriages, shall be made on such Amount separately, and not on the

agg'ega.e Amount of t.ne Duties allelled upon such Person; any I hing Herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. -ffi

r ^rov, ded and be it further enacted, That the additional Rates or Duties hereby im-

posed shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to Carriages with less than four Wheels, particularly mentioned and described by the Name of Taxed Carts, in an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Y'ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealingfo much of an Act of Parliament, pajfedin the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majestyintituled\ " An Act for granting to his Majesty fever a I additional Rates and Duties upon Hoses, and Carriages with four Wheels; and for explaining

/?«// ah An sL.a____££aL \r_____. MA' n

C(

'efent Majesty's as far as relates to certain

eels therein mentioned" as relates to the additional Duties upon Carriages loaches; and for reducing the Duties upon Carriages with less than four of Huf undry, or for the Purposes of Trade.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be con ft rued to extend to charge the said additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of the Duties now payable on Carriages, in retpe<£l of any Carriage kept by any Person duly licensed to let out Horles lor Hire, in pursuance ot an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and used for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, such Persons duly observing the Regulations of the said Act with respect to such Carriages; nor to charge the said additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of the Duties now payable on Servants, in pursuance of two Acts, passed in the twenty filth and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, in respect of any Waiter kept in any Tavern, Coffee House, Inn, Alehouse, or in any other House licensed to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by retail; nor to charge the said additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of the Duties now payable on Carriages as aforesaid, in respect of any Carriage kept by any Coachmaker or other Person for the Purpose of being lent or let out to Hire.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Hull he construed to extend to charge the said additional Rate or Duty on the A mount of the Duties payable on Carriages, in respect of any Carriages, by whatever Name or Names the same shall be called, kept by any Person duly licenced for that Purpose, to be employed as public Stage Coaches or Carriages, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers fi r Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That norhing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge any additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of any Assessment or Assessments made or to be made by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inntuled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise aprovisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied^ in Caje of Necessity, for the Defence of thtje Kingdoms^ or by virtue of another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necejfity, fir the Defence of these KingdomsP

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person keeping Hounds, and paying a Composition for the same in lieu of the Duty imposed by an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Dogs, shall not be aflclled to the additional Rate or Duty by this Act imposed, in respect of such Hounds, in any greater Sum than in the Proportion of the Rates hereby impole^ estimated on the Amount of the Sum paid lor such Composition.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the additional Rate or Duty hereby granted on the Amount of the Duties now payable on Houses, W indows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, shall be charged only upon the Occupiers for the Time being of the Houses or Tenements in respect whereof the said Duties now payable are charged, and noton the Landlord or Landlords who let or demise the same, (except in the Cases herein after mentioned ;) any Covenant or Agreement made or entered into previous to the passing of this Act, relative to the Payment of any Duties or Assessments to be imposed upon such Houses or Tenements, or upon such Occupiers in respect thereof, or to be imposed on the Amount of the said Duties now payable, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Landlord of any House or Tenement is or shall be, in respect thereof, charged to the said Duties now payable, then and in such Case the Amount of such Charge shall be added to any Assessment of the said Duties now payable, which shall have been made upon the Occupier of such House or Tenement, before the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed shall be computed on such Assessments, and such Computation shall be made on the Aggregate of the Sums contained in such Assessment after such Addition is made, as if the Occupier had been charged with the Sum to added; or where no Assessment of the said Duties now payable is made on such Occupier, then the Amount of the said Duties now payable and charged uj>on such Landlord shall lorm the Basis of the Assessment of the said additional Rate or Duty to be made upon such Occupier, which shall be calculated upon the Amount thereof, as if the Occupier had been charged therewith, subject nevertheless to the Exemption hereinbefore declared, or to such Abatement thereof as the Occupier of such House or Tenement would have been entitled unto, if he or she had been charged to the said Duties now payable in respect of such House or Tenement.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any House shall be divided into different Storks, Tenements, or Lodgings, and shall be inhabited by two or more Persons or Families, the immediate Landlord or Owner of such House shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and shall be charged with and liable to p3y the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed.

XL. And be it further enacted, for the mutual Accommodation of Landlords and Tenants, That if any Landlord, at the Desire of his Tenant, shall advance Monies for the Purpose of discharging the Duties imposed upon such Tenant by this Act, such Landlord shall be entitled to recover such Monies, with lawful Interest, at the Times and by the Instalments agretd upon between them, by all and every the Remedies and Remedy to which he is entitled for the Recovery of his Rent; and if any Tenant shall, at the Desire of his Landlord, for the like Purpose, advance to his Landlord any Monies, it shall be lawful for such Tenant to deduct the same, with lawful Interest, out of his Rent, at such Times and by such Instalments as shall be agreed upon between them, in the same Manner as he is by Law entitled to deduct Payments by him made in respect of the Land

695

nor to Carriages kept by Persons licensed to let out Horses for Hire; under 25 Geo. 3. c. 51.

nor to Waiters;

[See 75 Ci9. 3. c. 43. 37 Gw. 3. c. 107.]

nor to Carriages kept by Coach-makers or others for being let out to hire;

nor to public Stage Coaches or

Carriages conveying Passengers

for Hire; [^25 G*9- 3* c 5X*

*4]

nor to Assessments made under Cavalry Atts 37 Geo. 3. c. 6, and 23.

Persons paying a Composition for Hounds, to be afftfled according thereto.

c. 124.

The additional Duties on Houses and Windows, to be charged upon the Occupiers.

See §39.

Where the Landlord is charged to the said Duties now payable, the Amount to be added to the Assessment made upon the Occupier before computing the additional Duty; or where no Assessment of the said Duties is made on the Occcupier, the Am unt charged upon the Landlord shall form the Basis of the additional Assessment on the Occupier.

The Landlords of Lodging Houses to be deemed the Occupiers.

How Landlords advancing Money at the Desire of Tenants, or Tenants at the Desire of Landlords, to discharge the Duties, may recover the same.

6g6

Farents or Guardians liable for IniantSj &c.

Heirs and Executors of Person', dying, liable for A n ears of Duty, and for Payments to the End of the Fear.

Commissioners and Surveyors, &c. appointed to put in Execution the Acts relative to the Duties now under the Management of the Commissionera for Taxes, to put this A Cl in Execution.

Within the Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes of St. Mary-le-bone and Pancras, the Appointment of Ccllc&ors to belong to the resident Commissioners,

Sc c.

§ 76?

Duties to be ascertained, Scc. as the Duties now under the Management of the Commis-

flooers for Taxes.

C. 16. Anno triedimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons chargeable with any Rate or Duty hereby imposed, shall be under the Age of twenty.one Years, in every such Case the Parents or Guardians and Tutors of such infants respectively, upon Default of Payment by such Infants, shall be and are hereby made liable to and charged with the Payments which such Infants ought to have made; and if such Parents, Guardians, or Tutors shall neglect or refule to pay as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to proceed against them in like Manner as againl't any other Person or Persons making Default of Payment of the additional Rate or Duty charged upon him, her, or them respectively; and all Parents, Guardians, and Tutors, making Payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every the Sums paid for such Infants upon his or their Accounts.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That where Persons charged to any additional Rate or Duty imposed by this Act, shall die within the Term herein mentioned, their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators shall be liable to the Payment of all Arrears of the said Rate or Duty at the Time of the Deaths respectively of their Ancestors, Teffators, or Intestates respectively, out of the Estate or Effects which shall come into their Hands, and aifoto the Payment of such further Sums as would have become payable, by virtue of this Act, from such Ancestors, TeAators, or Intestates respectively, at any Time within or at the End of the Year in which such Deaths respectively happened, and no longer.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall hereafter be authorized or appointed, to put in execution the Acts relative to any of the present Duties placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act, and the Powers herein contained, with relation to the Duties hereby granted as before-mentioned, in all and every the Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and the several Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors respectively, appointed or to be appointed to put in Execution the said Acts, relative to the said present Duties under the Management of the for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of them, shall be Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors to put in Execution this present Act, with relation to the Duties hereby granted as before-mentioned, according to the Powers given to them respectively by the said Acts, or any of them, and not hereby altered, and according to the Powers given to them by this Act; and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons aforesaid, being respectively duly qualified to act in the Execution of any of the said Acts, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the respective Rates or Duties hereby granted as before mentioned, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is authorized to put in Execution the said Acts relative to the said present Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That within the Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, the Appointment of Collectors of the said additional Rates and Duties shall belong wholly to such of the Commissioners for executing this Act, who shall reside in the Parishes for which such Collectors respectively are to be appointed, in case there shall be two or more Commissioners there resident, and no other Commissioners shall in such Cale interfere; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and’residing within the respective Parishes as aforesaid, to appoint such Persons to be Collectors, who shall have given Security, to the Satisfaction of the Churchwardens and Overftersor Guardians of the Poor, or any two or more of them, or any seven or more of the Vestry, where a Select Vestry shall be appointed as. aforesaid *, and who shall be thought by the said Commissioners to be of Ability to execute the Office of Collector; and that in Default of appointing such Persons who shall have given fuc h Security, then the said Commissioners residing as aforesaid shall name such Persons as they shall think of Ability to execute the said Office: Provided always, that where two or more Commissioners shall not be resident in any Parish, for which Collectors are to be appointed, then a Commissioner or Commissioners residing in any adjacent Parish may concur in the Appointment of such Collectors.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid respective Rates or Duties by this Act granted shall and may be ascertained, managed, collected, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, Directions, and Provisions, by which the Rates and Duties now placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Faxes, or any of them, are or is, or may be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said Rules, Methods. Directions, and Provisions, are expressly varied by this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, now in force, or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, for the surcharging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the Rates and Duties by any former Acts granted, as far as the same are applicable to the aforesaid respective Rates or Duties granted by this Act, and not expressly varied or otherwise provided for uereby, shall severally and respectively be in full Force, and duly observed, pradhfed, and put in Execution

13 throughout

697

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for surcharging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the aforesaid respective Rates or Duties granted by this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this

A(^t

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, for which they are or shall be appointed Commissioners respectively, meet for the first Time on or before the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and proceed in the Execution of this Act in the Manner herein directed; and where no particular Directions are hereby given, then in such and the same Manner as is prescribed by any Act or Acts with respect to the Rates and Duties before mentioned, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that no such Meeting shall be held in any District within the Time before limited, then it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Act, or any two or more of them, in all and every the respective Districts respectively wherein such Meeting shall not be held, to meet and execute the said Powers at any other Time or Times, or for the said Commissioners who shall be present at any Meeting to be held in any District for carrying into Execution any former Act or Acts relative to any of the Duties herein mentioned, to execute the Powers granted by this Act; and they are hereby required to proceed in the Execution of this Act at the first Meeting to beheld in pursuance of this Act, or of such former Act or Acts; and all such Meetings, and all Acts done by the said Commissioners at such Meetings, shall be as valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame Meetings had been particularly appointed in pursuance of the Directions of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall cause to be prepared true Schedules or the Persons respectively who are assessed to the Duties now payable in two or more Parishes or Places in any Part of Great Britain, whether such Parishes or Places shall be situate within the Division of the same Commissioners for executing this Act, or within different Divisions, together with the Amount of the respective Assessments; which said Schedules shall be transmitted to the respective Commissioners for executing this Adfc within the respective Divisions where any of such Assessments have been made; and that the several and respective Commissioners for executing this Act shall, within their respective Divisions, at their first Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, cause their respective Clerks, or such other Persons as they respectively shall employ for that Purpose, forthwith, or as soon after as conveniently may be, not later than seven Days after such Meeting, justly and without Fraud, to compute and ascertain the Amount of the Rate or Duty by this Act imposed upon, or in respect of every such A fiestine nt upon any Persons within their respective Divisions, according to the respective Rates before mentioned, and according to the Provisions of this Act, and to make out Schedules thereof for each Parish or Place, containing the Amount of the Sums charged by virtue of this Act upon each Person within such Parishes and Places respectively, and also the Amount of the Sums (if any) with which the said Persons are respectively charged to the said Duties now payable in any other Parish or Place in Great Britain, together with the Names of the several Persons chargeable therewith, and the Amount of the said former Rates and Duties whereon such additional*Rates or Duties, by this Act imposed, shall be computed and ascertained, and shall cause Certificates and Duplicates thereof to be made out, which Certificates and Duplicates thereof respectively shall be signed by two or more of such Commissioners; and the said original Certificates, being first numbered and registered, shall be delivered to the respective Clerks to the said Commissioners, and by them carefully kept, and the said Duplicates thereof shall forthwith be transmitted to such Persons, in such and the like Manner asisdiredled by any Act or Acts now in force relative to the said former Duties, with respect to the Duplicates of Assessments therein mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of the Certificates to be made out as aforesaid, shall forthwith, after the same shall be signed as aforesaid, be transmitted to the respective Collectors appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid in each Parish or Place within the respective Divisions of the said Commissioners; which said Collectors shall cause Notice thereof in Writing to be given to each Person so charged, or left at his or her Place of Abode in such Parishes or Places respectively.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Surveyor or Inspector of the said Duties now payable, to attend any Meeting or Meetings of the respective Commissioners for executing this Act, and to inspect and examine any Assessment to be made under the Authority of this Act, and all such Assessments shall, at the Request of any such Surveyor or Inspector, be produced for his or their Examination; and in case he or they shall find any Error in the same Assessments or any of them, at any Time before the said Commissioners shall have signed and allowed the same respectively, which in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall require Amendment, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to amend the same accordingly; and in case any Error shall be discovered in any Assessment after the same shall be allowed, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Inspector, and he or they is and are hereby required to certify the same to the said respective Commissioners, who shall have Power to cause the same to be amended, if in their Judgment they deem any Amendment requisite.

& Geo. III. 4X LL And

First Meeting of Commissioners under this Act to be on or before Ftb. 1, 1798.

Where no such Meeting shall be held, two Commissioners for executing this Act may meet ac any other Time, or the Commissioners at any Meeting for carrying into Execution any former Acts, may execute ttys Act.

Commissioners of Taxes to cause Schedules to be prepared of the Persons assessed to the Duties now payable in two or more Parishes, with the Amount; these Schedules to be transmitted to the Commissioners of the respective Divisions; who, at their first Meeting, shall order the Amount of the additional Duty to be computed within seven Days, and Schedules thereof made out;* with Certificate* and Duplicates as under former Acts.

Copies of Certificates to be transmitted to the Collectors, who shall cause Notice to be given to the Persons charged.

Surveyors may attend Meetings of Commissioners, and inspect Assessments, which may be amended.

698 C. 16. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

The additional Duty on Persons aflVfled to the Duties now payable in two. Places, to be calculated according to the aggregate Amount; but to be af sessed in each Place respectively.

10, as to Jej.crate Affff-ment of A> tides tiable to different Rates; and §12, fr the Exception as to ready furn, Jbed Lodging Houses.J

Where two or more Persons are jointly assessed to the Duties on Houses and Windows for the same House, any of them being severally assessed for any other House', or any other of the Duties now payable, the AssdT-ment of additional Duty to be made on him whole Amount of Taxes is the highell; unless a Certificate is made of the true Proportions.

Where Persons are assessed as joint Occupiers or Partners, or where one or more are assessed exclusive of the others, their Proportions of the Duty may be certified to the Commissioners, who shall cause the additional Duty to be charged accordingly:

If no such Certificate be delivered before the Assessment be made, the Parties may appeal to the Commissioners, who may amend the Assessment.

Persons aggrieved by any Assessment, (except on Account of Income,) may appeal to the Commissioners, who may red Jy or vacate A fie Aments.

See $ 56.

Commissionen rot to make any Alteration in AssesshicuU of former Duties.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person is or shall be assessed, to the Duties now payable, in two or more Parishes or Places, the additional Rate or Duty hereby granted shall be charged upon such Person according to the aggregate Amounts as aforesaid of the respective Duties to which such Person is or shall be assessed in such Parishes or Places; and it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to cause an Assessment to be made of the said additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed upon any Person lb assessed in two Parishes or Places, upon the Amount of the said Duties contained in each Assesslnent belonging to the Division where such Commissioners respectively shall act, but nevertheless in Proportion to and at the Rate before specified for the aggregate Amount of the said Duties to which such Person is assessed in all the said several Assessments made in the same, or in different, Divisions as aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted, That where two or more Persons shall be jointly assessed to the Duties now payable on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, in respect of the same Dwelling House, and the said Persons, or any or either of them, shall be severally assessed to the said Duties now payable in respect of any other Dwelling House, or shall be severally assessed to any other of the said Duties now payable, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Act, and they are hereby required to make an Assessment of the said additional Rate or Duty, on the Amount of the Duties contained in such joint Assessment, upon such one of the said Persons (b jointly charged, who shall be also severally charged to the said Duties now payable to a greater Amount than any other of the said Persons so jointly charged, unless a Certificate, apportioning the Sums to which each such Person shall be charged, shall be delivered to the said Commissioners withia such Time as herein after

is allowed. "'" DMBV

LIII. And be it further enacted, That where two or more Persons shall be assessed to the Duties

now payable on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, in respect of the same Dwelling House, either as joint Occupiers thereof, or as in Partnership together; or in case one or more of such joint Occupiers or Partners shall be so assessed, exclusive of the other Occupiers of such Dwelling House, or exclusive of the other Partners as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them, or any of them, at any Time before the Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act shall be signed and allowed, to certify the same to the Commissioners for executing this Act, by Writing under their or his Hands, and to (late in such Certificate the just Proportions of the said Duties now payable, to which each of such Occupiers or Partners is liable to contribute by virtue of any Covenant or Agreement subsisting between them, or by virtue of such Occupation or Partnership; and the said Commissioners shall cause the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed to be charged on each of such Occupiers or Partners, according to the Proportions so certified, and in like Manner as if the Proportion of each Occupier or Partner in such Dwelling House was payable in respect of a distinct and separate Dwelling House; and in case no such Certificate shall be delivered to the said Commissioners, before an Assessment shall be made on the Amount of the said Duties payable in respect of such Dwelling House as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such joint Occupiers or Partners as aforesaid, if they or any 6( them shall think themselves or himself aggrieved by the said Assessment, to appeal to the said Commissioners; provided that at the Time of such Appeal a like Certificate as aforesaid shall be delivered to the said Commissioners, stating the just Proportions of the said Duties now payable, with which each of such Occupiers or Partners ought to be charged; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to hear and determine such Appeal; and if the Matter contained in such Appeal shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, they shall cause the said Assessment to be amended, and the respective Occupiers and Partners aforesaid to be severally assessed according; to the just Proportions so to be ascertained, and on the Amount of the said Duties now payable, with which they severally ought to be charged in respect of such Dwelling House, and of such other of the said Duties now payable, to which such Occupier or Partner shall be assessed. ,i: *;wr4

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him or herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any such Assessment, by Reason that the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed hath been miscalculated in the Amount thereof, or that the same, or any Part thereof, hath been taken at a different Rate than this Act directs, or for any other Cause, except on Account of his or her Income, as herein after is directed *, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them respectively to appeal to the said Commissioners against any such Assessment; and the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any two or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals within their respective Divisions; and jf it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, that the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed, is miscalculated in the Assessment or Assessments made on such Person or Persons respectively, or taken at a different Rate than this Act directs, or that for any other Cause (except as aforesaid) any such Assessment is erroneous, then the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to compute and ascertain the Sum justly to be charged upon such Assessment or Assessments, if any Sum be chargeable thereon, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and to amend the same whenever they shall see just Cause so to do; and to vacate any Assessment made on any Person entitled to be exempted therefrom by this Act, for any Cause (except on Account of Income as aforesaid); and the Determination of the said Commissioners thereupon shall be final: Provided always, that the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not, upon the hearing of any Appeal against any such Assessment, make any Alteration

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

4 4 «. i f

whatever in the Assessments of the said former Rates or Duties whereon the Duty by this Act imposed hath been ascertained.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Appeals against any Assessment as aforesaid shall be entered with the Cleric to the respective Commissioners for executing this Act, within ten Days after Notice of such Assessment shall be given to or left with the Party intended to be charged thereby, in the Manner before directed *, and the same shall be heard and determined within ten Days after such Appeal shall be so entered, for which Purpose a Day or Days of Appeal shall be appointed within the Time before mentioned by the said respective Commissioners, unless the Day of Appeal from Assessments of the Duties now payable on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, shall intervene f; on which Days respectively the said Commissioners are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for executing this Act, in their respective Divisions, shall, if they deem it expedient for the better Execution of this Act, nominate Aflirtant Commissioners to receive, hear, and determine the Appeals of Persons entitled, on Account of income, to be exempted from the Payment of the said additional Rates or Duties, or to any Abatement thereof, according to the Provisions of this Act; for which Purpose the said Commissioners for executing this Act, present at their first Meeting to be holden as aforesaid {, or at forne other Meeting to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, not later than seven Days from such Meeting, or the major Part of the Commissioners then present, may, out of the Persons assessed to the Duties now payable, and resident in the respective Parishes and Places in which such Persons respectively are assessed to the said Duties now payable at a Sum not less than six Pounds, make out a List of the Persons so assessed in each such Parish and Place, beginning with the Person assessed to the greatest Amount in such Assessment, and so downwards, according to the Amount of each Person’s Assessment; which Lift shall contain the Names of so many of those Persons as the said Commissioners shall, in their Discretion, after taking into Consideration the Size of each Parish and Place, and the Number of Persons assessed therein respectively, require to a dl as Assistance Commissioners for each such Parish or Place, according to the Provisions of this Act; which Lift, being respectively signed by two or more of the said Commissioners, they shall cause to be delivered to the respective Assessors and Collectors of the respective Parishes and Places within their ref[)edlive Divisions, with a Notice subscribed to each Lift, of the Day to be appointed by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, as herein after is mentioned, which Day shall not be later than ten Days after such Lists shall be signed; and the said respective Assessors and Collectors shall, without Delay, cause the respective Persons named in such Lists to be summoned, by Notice in Writing, either given personally, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to assemble themselves at the Time mentioned in such Notice, for the Purpose of qualifying themselves to act in the Execution of this Act, and at such Place, within their respective Parishes or Places, as Meetings for parochial Purposes are usually holden, or at such other Place as the Commissioners for executing this Act shall think fit to appoint: Provided always, that if the Commissioners for executing this Act shall fee any just Cause why any Person or Persons in the Order before prescribed, as to the Amount of their respective Assessments, is or are not of Fitnef- and Ability to execute the Office of Assistance Commissioner, it shall be lawful for them to exclude any such Person or Persons from such List, and to insert in such List the Names of other Persons in such Parflh or Place, next in Order as to the Amount of their respective Assessments as aforesaid.

LVTL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where three or more fit and able Persons as aforesaid, assessed in any Parish or Place to the Duties now payable, cannot be found to accept the Office of Assistance Commissioner, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Act to unite such Parish or Place to some adjacent or contiguous Parish or Place, Parishes or Places, and to nominate Assistance Commissioners for the Parishes or Places so united, out of the Persons assessed therein respectively to the Duties now payable, as if the same had constituted one Parish or Place only.

LVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Act, whenever the Number of Persons assessed in any Parish or Place shall, in their Judgement, require that Assistance Commissioners should act at different Places at the same Time, to divide the Persons qualifying themselves so to act for any Parish or Place into distinct Committees, and to allot to each Committee distinct Divisions within each such Parish or Place, in such Manner as they in their Discretion shall think most convenient.

LIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for more than seven Persons to act together for any Parish or Place having one Committee only, nor any greater Number to act together in the same Committee in any Parish or Place having more than one Committee; and that where more than seven Persons qualified to act shall attend at any Meeting of such Committee, {even Persons amongst them shall be chosen indifferently by Lot, and the Rest shall be excluded from acting at such Meeting.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every Person, before he shall act as an Assistance Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, shall, and he is hereby required to take the following Oath; (that is to

699

Appeals to be entered with the CJerk to the Commissioners within 10 Days alter Notice to the Party of his Assessment; and heard within 10 Days after they are entered.

§49-

f See 11 Geo. II. c. xa. §7.

Commissioners may nominate A ffistant Commissioners for hearing Appeals respecting Income; to be named, in order, out of Residents assessed to the Duties row payable not under 61.

t $4«-

Lists of their Names So be ddVU vered to the AflcCurt,

who shall give Notice to such Assistance Comm (Turners to if* semble to qualify.

Commissioners may exclude un« he Persons from Lifts.

In any Place where three fit Persons for Assistance Cominiffloners cannot be found, it may be united with loine contiguous Place.

Commissioners may divide Assistants into Committees, to atl in different Parts of the same Parish*

Not more than seven Perform to act as a Committee.

Assistance Commissioners to take the following

9

700

Oath:

"Which any two may administer. Penalty for a&ins without talcing it, 100X

Assistant Commissioners appeal, ing, to have no Voice in their own Appeal.

Commissioners may act as Assistant Commissioners.

Commissioners to appoint the first Meeting of the Assistants, and to direct the Assessors to give publick Notice thereof.

JTI o Days after JSgtrixg tie Lift tf Namet for Affijlaat Cemm'ijpon-

trs, §56.]

\ ft r I

At first Meeting future Meeting to be appointed.

t §49*

At second Meeting Notice to be given of Intention to appeal, and the Commissioner* to declare to the Appellant* how they ore to proceed.

Meeting to be continued till all Appeals are heard.

Persons may appeal respecting Income, producing aligned Dc-clarat.on attested by two Wit-ncires, in the Form in the annexed Schedule.

See §59.

t ur.

App.-als to be heard in the Or- -der the Declarations are delivered.

C. 16. Anno tricesimo o&avo GEORGII III. A.D. 1798.

'I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully execute the Office of an Assistant Commissioner, according to an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act, [here set forth the Title of the Act,] to the best of my Knowledge and Judgement.

L 4 So help me GOD.'

Which Oath any two or more of the Persons nominated Assistant Commissioners as aforesaid, is and are hereby empowered to administer; and if any Person shall act as an Assistant Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before he shall have taken the Oath before-mentioned, except in administering. the said Oath, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Apjxral by any Person or Persons who shall be qualified to act as 511 Assistant Commissioner for the Parish or Place where such Appeal shall be made, the Assistant Commissioner concerned therein shall have no Voice, but the same shall be determined by the Rest of the Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, in like Manner as if the Person appealing had not so qualified himself.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall not deem it expedient to nominate any Assistant Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in their respective Divisions, or in any Parish or Place within the same, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and they are hereby respectively required to execute this Act in all Things appertaining to Assistant Commissioners, and for that Purpose to meet at such Places, within their respective Divisions, as they shall think proper and shall appoint, and at such Times respectively as they shall find convenient, so that this Act shall in all Respe&s be duly executed within the Times and in the Manner herein prescribed, and according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof; and all and every the respective Powers hereby directed to beexecuted by Assistant Commissioners shall, in each and every of the Cases hereinbefore mentioned, be vested in the Commissioners for executing this Act in their respective Divisions, as fully and effectually as if the said respective Powers had been specially vested in the said last mentioned Commissioners.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners for executing this Act shall in their respective Divisions appoint the Day and Time of holding the first Meeting of the Assistant Commissioners for each Parish or Place, and which shall be on some convenient Day within the Time before limited*, and shall direct the respective Assessfors and Collectors to give publick Notice thereof by affixing the same on the Church or Chapel Door of each Parish or Place, or where there shall be no such Church or Chapel, then to give such publick Notice thereof as hath been usual in Cases requiring publick Notice within such Parish or Place; which Assessors and Collectors respectively are hereby required to give such Notice accordingly, and to insert therein the Place of holding the first Meeting of the said Assistant Commissioners, and which shall be the usual Place of holding parochial Meetings in such Parish or Place; and that the respective Assistant Commissioners, who have assembled at the usual Place for holding parochial Meetings, and duly qualified themselves to act for such Parishes and Places respectively, or any three or more of them respectively, or the Commissioners for executing this Act, or any two or more of them, where no Assistant Commissioners are named, shall, and they are hereby empowered to fix a convenient Place for holding their future Meetings within their respective Parishes and Places, or Distri&s, of which they shall cause the like publick Notice to be given, and shall insert in such Notice the Time appointed as aforesaid for their second Meeting, which shall not be later than ten Days after the Copies of the Certificates shall have been transmitted to the respective Collectors as hereinbefore mentioned f; at which second Metting all Persons fntending to appeal on the Ground of Income or from the Assessment made upon them, in order to obtain an Exemption or any Abatement of the Amount thereof, shall give Notice of such Intention to the said respective Commissioners; and the said respective Commissioners present at such second Meeting (halt then there openly declare to the respective Persons intending so to appeal, in what Manner, and under what Directions and Rules, they ought and should make their Declarations of the Amount of Income in respect whereof they shall be entitled to any such Exemption or Abatement as herein mentioned, and how they ought to proceed in making the same; and such Meeting so to be held shall be continued with or without Adjournment from Day to Day, (Sundays excepted,) until all the Appeals so to be entered shall be heard and determined.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, on Account of his or her Income, claim to be exempted from the additional Rate or Duty which shall be aftested by virtue of this Act, or to be entitled to any Abatement thereof, in the Proportions hereinbefore stated, it shall be lawful (or him or her to appeal to the Assistant Commissioners to be appointed for each Parish or Place as aforesaid, or to the Commissioners for executing this Act, as the Case shall require; and the said Assistant Commissioners, or any three or more of them, not exceeding the Number of seven, as aforesaid, or the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any two or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine any such Appeal, provided that at the Time of hearing the same Appeal a Declaration in Writing shall be produced, signed by the Appellant, and attested by two or more credible Witnesses, who shall have seen such Appellant iign the same; which Declaration shall be in the Form in the Schedule % hereunto annexed; and all such Appeals shall be heard and determined in the Order in which such Declarations shall be delivered; and in case any Claim shall be

/ V

d>

I

A.D. 179- Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. 1 C. 16.

be allowed by the Assistant Commissioners, the said Assistant Commissioners shall make out their Certificates to the respective Commissioners for executing this Act, dating therein the Limit of the annual Income of'every such Appellant, as declared by him or her, and the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall in such Case cause the Assessment to be amended as the Case shall require; and in all Appeals heard before the Commissioners for executing this Act, in case any Claim shall be allowed, they shall also cause the Assessment to be amended in like Manner: Provided always, that the said respective Commissioners, or any of them, shall not upon any Account allow any Exemption, or make Abatement in the Charge made upon any Person by any such Assessment as aforesaid, but the same shall stand good, unless the Appellant shall verify the Contents of every such Declaration upon Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakers, on solemn Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation any three or more of the said Assistant Commissioners, or any two or more of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Person shall be prevented from attending in Person to make his or her Appeal from any Assessment in the Manner before directed, it shall be lawful for such Person to appeal by his or her Attorney or Agent, and to transmit his or her Declaration, signed by such Appellant, and attested in the Manner and in the Form herein directed, to the respective Commissioners before whom such Appeal shall be depending, which Declaration so to be (ranfmitttd, being verified on the Oath, or (being one of the People called Quakers) on the solemn Affirmation of the Appellant, shall be as effectuabas if such Appellant had appeared in Person; and which Oath or solemn Affirmation any two Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, or any two Commissioners for executing this Adf, of the Division where such Appeal shall be depending, are hereby empowered to administer, and are also hereby required to certify the same, at the Foot of such Declaration, by Writing under their respective.Hands.

LXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Person shall be prevented by Infancy, Sickness, or other Incapacity, or by Absence out of the Kingdom, from making any such Declaration, or from verifying the same as aforesaid, or if any Body Corporate or Politic shall be charged to any of the said additional Rates or Duties, it shall be lawful for the Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, or the Steward or Agent of such Persons respectively, or Body Corporate or Politic, to appeal on the Behalf of such incapacitated Person, or of such Body Corporate or Politic, and to make such Declaration as is required in such Case by this Adf, such Guardian, Tutor, Curator, Committee, Steward, or Agent, having first made the Affidavit set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed before two Justices of the Peace, or two Commissioners for executing this Act, (in which Case the Justices or Commissioners shall certify the same at the Foot of such Declaration as aforesaid,) or before the Commissioners before whom the said Appeal shall be depending, and which Affidavit the said Justices or Commissioners respectively as aforesaid are hereby empowered to take, and they respectively shall cause the same to be signed by the Party making the Affidavit, and annexed to the Declaration respecting which such Affidavit shall be made; and every such Appeal shall be as effectual

as if such Appellant had appeared in Person.

LXVII. I rrovided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be prevented by any sufficient Cause, from appealing within the Time limited by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Act, or the Assistant Commissioners of the proj^er Division, Parish, or Place, and on Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners reflectively of the Cause of such Omission, to receive the Appeal of any Person so circumstanced, within a reasonable Time to be allowed by the said respective Commissioners, after such Person shall have had Notice of the Assessment or Assessments made by virtue of this Act, and the Disability arising from any such Cause as aforesaid shall have been removed, and the respective Commissioners may.proceed in such Appeal by and under the like Rules and Directions as are hereby prescribed in other Cases of Appeal; and that any Abatement of the said additional Rate or Duty assessed on such Appellant, which may be made on such Appeal, shall commence from and after the Time appointed for Payment of the Instalment of the said additional Rates or Duties next before the Time of making such Appeal.

LXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven bundled and ninety-nine, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners aforesaid to receive the Appeal of any Person, on Account of Income, against an Assessment made by virtue of this Act, (whether such Assessment shall have been made in that Year, or in any preceding Year and whether such Person shall have appealed from the same or not, or the Income of the Person assessed shall have been dim»nished fmee the making the Assessment or not.) so that such Appeal shall be made between the fifth and the twentieth Days of April in any Year, during the Continuance of this Act, and to proceed therein by and under the like Rules and Directions as are hereby prescribed in other Cases of such Appeals; and that any Abatement of the said additional Rate or Duty assessed on such Appellant, which may be made on such Appeal, shall be allowed according to the Rules hereinbefore prescribed in such Cases of Appeal.

LXIX. Provided also, and be it further en3&ed, That all such last mentioned Appeals against any such Assessment as aforesaid, shall be entered with the respective Commissioners, or the Clerk to the respective Commissioners for executing this Act, within fifteen Days after such Assessment shall be signed and allowed; and the same shall be heard and determined ten Day* at lead before the Day

, 1 appointed

701

AflifUnt Commissioners to give Certificates of Claims allowed to the Commissiontrs, who shall amend AfTUTments.

No Claim to be allowed unless verified on Oath or Affirmation.

Persons prevented from attending may appeal by their Attornies or A genu.

Guardians, &c. may make the Declaration for Infants, Bodies Corporate, Scc. having first made the Affidavit in the annexed Schedule.

IV.

W

Appeals of Persons prevented from appealing within the Time limited, may be received within a Time to be allowed by the Comcuftioner*.

From April 5, 1799* the Commissioners may receive any Appeals re speliing Income, made between the 5th and xoth April in any Year.

S 64.

Such Appeals to be entered within 15 Days after the A/ZtfP-ment is signed; and heard 10 Days before the first Instahmnt is due.

702

C. 16. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Iftimatcsof Income and Dtcta-rations to be made in the Form in the annexed Schedule $ but where not applicable, according to the Knowledge and Belief of ^hc Party.

J, II.

Persons at the End of any Year proving that their Incomes fell short of the Sums mentioned in their Declarations, to receive from the Rcciiver General, the Over-payment on the Assessment, on Certificate of

If the Income of any Person be diminished after the Time for hearing Appeals, he or his Weirs, Executors* Sec. may appeal on giving ten Days previous Notice; which shall be heard before the Time appointed for Payment of the next Instalment of the additional Duty; and the Assessment may be amended, Ac,

Appellants on the Ground of

Overpayment, or Diminution of Income, to make Declaration in che Form in the annexed Schedule.

71. t$7*-

Additional Duties to be paid by fix instalments every Year; within ten Days alter the several Times apj>ointed j the first being April 5, 1798.

appointed for paying the first Indalment thereon, for which Purpose the said respective Commissioners for executing this Act, shall, within the Time before mentioned, appoint a Day or Days of Appeal, unless the Day of Appeal from Assessments of the Duties now payable on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or on Inhabited Houses, shall intervene, on which Days reflectively the said respective Commissionera for executing this Act are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals.

LXX. And, in order that the Edimates of the Annual Income of Persons afiefled may be made according to known Rules, and with as much Uniformity as the respective Cases will admit, be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Person shall claim to be exempted from the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed, or to be entitled to any Abatement thereof, according to the Amount of his or her Annual Income, the said Income shall be edimated, and the Declaration hereby required shall be made in the Form set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed*, and according to the Rules and Directions prescribed, as far as the same respectively ate applicable to the Income of such Appellant; and in all Cases where the same are not applicable, then according to the bed of his or her Knowledge and Belief, or of the Person making such Declaration on his or her Behalf.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, at the End of any Year during the Ternvherein mentioned, any Person shall discover, and shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for executing this Act, or the A Aidant Commissioners acting for the Parish or Place where such Person shall be afiefled, that his or her Income during such Year fell short of the Sum mentioned in his or her Declaration by a dated Sum, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Act, or the major Part of them, on Proof before them or on the Certificate of the said Assistant Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to cause the lad Assessment of inch Person, made undrr the Authority of this Act, to be amended as the Case shall require, and to certify to the Receiver General of the same County or Place, under their Hands and Seals, the Amount of the Sums overpaid on such Afledinent; and the said Receiver General shall, on Receipt of such Certificate, and on Production of- a Duplicate thereof, signed by any two or more of the said Commissioners acting for the said Division, pay to the Person entitled to the same such Sum as it shall appear has been overpaid on such Assessment out of any Monies in his Hands of the Duties granted by this Act; for which Paymentthe Certificate of the said Commissioners shall be a diffident Authority, and thefatne, on Proof thereof, shall be allowed in his Accounts.

LXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Income of any Person charged to any of the Additional Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, shall be diminished from any speciftc Cause arising after the Time allowed for hearing Appeals in any Year during the Term herein mentioned, whereby the Person so charged may become entitled to any Exemption from or Abatement of the said Additional Rates or Duties, it shall be lawful for such Person, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of such Person, to appeal from the Assessment made by virtue of this Act, whether such Person shall have made any previous Appeal or not, giving Notice in Writing of such Appeal to the Assistant Commissioners, or the Commissioners for executing this Act, and acting for the Parish or Place where the Assessment shall be made, ten Days at lead before the said Commissioners respectively (Hall be required to hear such Appeal; and the said respective Commissioners shall be obliged to hear and determine such Appeal before the Time appointed for Payment of the next JnAalment of the said Additional Rates and Duties which shall happen after the Expiration of the said ten Days; and if such Person, the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of such Person, shall, upon such Appeal, prove to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners that such Income is diminished from any such specific Cause arising as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any two or more of them, on Proof before them, or on the Certificate of the said Assistant Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to cause the Assessment of such Person, made under the Authority of this Act, to be amended as the Case shall require; and that in every such Case where such Amendment shall take place, a Certificate and Duplicates thereof shall be made out and signed by the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, in order that the Person so charged, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, may have the Relief intended to be given by this Act; and all Payments to be made subsequent to such Amendment shall be regulate d according to such amended Assessment, during the then Remainder of the Year in which (ueb Amendment shall have been made.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where an Appeal shall be made, in order to obtain a Return of the said additional Rates or Duties on the Ground of Overpayment, in the Manner before directed*, or in order to obtain an Exemption from or Abatement of the said Additional Rates or Duties on the Ground of any Diminution of Income from any specific Cause arising after the Time for hearing Appeals in any Year as aforesaidf, the Appellant shall be obliged to make a Declaration in the Form let forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and to verify the same on Oath or solemn Affirmation, as in other Cases of Appeal authorized by this Act.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective additional Rates and Duties imposed by this Act, shall be payable at the Times and in the Proportions following; that is to say. In fix In-Aalments, videlicet, on the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of jfune^ the fifth Day of August the fifth Day of October, the fifth Day of December, and the fifth Day of February, in every Year and that the Payments shall be made within ten Days from the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of June, the fifth Day of August, the fifth Day of October, the fifth Day of December, and the fifth Day of Ft.bruar

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo o&av© Georgii III. c. 16.

in every Year, bveven and equal Portions; the first of the said Instalments to be paid within ten Days from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and that the said respective Commissioners shall issue out and deliver their Warrants to the respective Collectors for the present Year, seven Days at lead before the first of the said Payments shall be due, for the collecting and levying so much of the Rates and Duties as will become payable within ten Days from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and the said Commissioners shall, after the said fifth Day of Aprils yearly, during the Term herein mentioned, ifftie out and deliver to the respective Collectors for the Time being, their Warrants for the speedy collecting and levying the said Rates and Duties as they shall become payable by Instalments within each Year, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the County, Parish, or Place for which any Persons shall be employed to collect the additional Rates and Duties hereby granted, shall be answerable for their punctually paying unto the Receiver General, now, or for the Time being, such Money as they the said Collectors shall be charged with under this Act.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Persons as shall be nominated to be Collectors of the said Duties now payable, shall, if required by the Churchwardens, or Overseers, or Guardians of the Poor of any Description, or any two or more of them, or the Select Vestry, or any seven or more of them, where a Select Vestry shall be authorized toad for any Parish or Parishes*, give good and sufficient Security, equal to the Amount of one Instalment of the whole Rate to be collected in each District, for their duly paying to the Receiver General such Monies as shall come to their Hands, at such Times as are directed by this Act; which Security the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Guardians, or Vestry, respectively, are hereby authorized and empowered to take; and on Failure of the Persons so named to be Collectors as before directed giving such Security, if required, the Commissioners for executing this Act, or any two or more of them, shall be at Liberty, and are hereby authorized to appoint any other two or more sufficient Persons, who can give such Security as aforesaid, residing within the Limits and Bounds of the Parishes, Townships, Constablewicks, and Places, where they shall be chargeable, to be named by such Churchwardens, Overseers, Guardians, or Vestry as aforesaid, to be Collectors of the said additional Rates and Duties:. Provided always, that if no Persons can be found within the several Parishes, TownQiips, Constablewicks, or Places respectively, who are willing or able to give such Security, then and in such Case the Persons who were first named by the said Commissioners shall be Collectors of the said additional Rates and Duties: Provided also, that no Security or Receipt to be given in pursuance of this Act shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Collectors of the said additional Rates or Duties hereby granted shall, within seven Days after the respective Times hereby appointed for Payment of the several Instalments of the said additional Rates or Duties, pay into the Hands of the Receivers General, or their respective Deputies, all the Monies then received on Account of those respective Instalments, and shall also from Time to Time pay any Arrears of the said respectiveL Instalments, which he or they shall receive after the respective Times hereby appointed, to the said Receivers General, or their respective Deputies, at such Times as the said Receiver General shall appoint; and that the said several Collectors, paying the whole Sums by them collected within the Times hereby appointed, shall have and receive, for their Pains in collecting and paying the Money, such Sums as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, (due Regard being had to the Size of the District, and the Circumstances attending the same, together with the Amount of the Sums collected,) shall think fit, not in any Case exceeding Three-pence in the Pound, which the said Collectors are hereby empowered to detain out of the last Payment of their several and respective Payments in relped of each Instalment.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Affiffant Commissioners for any Parish or Place, with the Approbation of the Commissioners for executing this Act within the lame Division, or any two or more of them, such Approbation being testified by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to employ a fit Person to be their Clerk, whose Duty shall be to receive and file all Declarations delivered to the said Assistant Commissioners upon any Appeal under this Act, in order that the same may be returned to the Commissioners for executing this Act, and to enter the Names of the Appellants in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, in the Order in which the Appeals shall be made, and also to enter whether the Appellants respectively were sworn before the said Commissioners, or prosecuted their Appeals by Affidavit, or by any other Person in their Behalf;, and that the Commissioners for executing this Act within the same Division shall, on Receipt of such Books with the due Entries therein, and the Declarations of all Appellants named therein, (which Declarations, and also all Declarations received by the Commissioners for executing this Act, where the said Commissioners shall act as Affiffant Commissioners, shall be carefully kept by the Clerks to the said Commissioners for executing this Act,) make out a Certificate directed to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, containing the Number of Appeals entered in such Books, and the Number of Days such Clerk has been employed in his Attendance on the Affiffant Commissioners; and the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall, on Receipt of such Certificates, settle and allow what Sums should be paid to such Clerks for their Pains in writing and transcribing the said Books, and in keeping and

7P3

Commissioners to issue War* rants annually to the Collectors to levy them.

Places for which Collectors are employed to be answerable for them.

Collectors, if required, to give Security, or others may be appointed.

Sic 44.

If no Persons can be found to give Security, those first named by the Commissioners to be Collectors

No Security or Rectipt to bt chargeable with Stamp Duty.

Collectors to pay Duties received to the Receivers General within seven Days after each Instalment is due; and Arrears at-the Times appointed by the Receiver: And on paying the Whole collected, to have an Allowance not exceeding 3d. in the £. to be deducted out of the last Payment.

AlTiftanr Commissioners, with Approbation of the Commissioners, may employ a Clerk to make Entries in Books.

The Commissioners to certify the Number of Appeals, and of.*i Days the Clerk has been employed.

0

Commissioners for Taxes to settle the Allowance to such Clrrk, which the Receiver Gc* rural shall pay.

7°4

C. 16.

Receiver General to pax the Clerk to the Commissioners for his Pains what they, with the Approbation of the Treasury, shall allow, not exceeding i^d.

PerjC-

No Receiver General or Deputy to have any Salary, but their Expences and an Allowance from the Treasury.

If Surcharges of the Duties now payable have not been made within the Time allowed, they may be made before April 5,

*799*

Commissioners to appoint Days for hearing Appeals again if them.

No Appeal to retard cution of this Act.

After Allowance of Surcharges the Commissioners may amend Assessments.

After April 5, 179S, the Commissioners annually to cause to be delivered to the Assessors, a Copy of the Certificates of Assessments under this AQ: Collectors to cause such AssessT ments to be returned with those made for the Duties now payable for that Years But if no such lattir Assessment be made upon any Person named in the Certificates, the Assessors shall return the same, with the Reason, to the Commissioners, who shall cause the Sums contained in the Certificates to be collected.

See $ S4.

If Persons named in Certificates shall be afll fled to the oki Duties after April 5, 1798, higher than in the Year in which the Assessment under this Act shall have been made, the additional Assessment shall be increased

proportionally, &c.

Anno tricesimo octavo G b o r g ii III. A.D. 1798.

returning the Declarations of Appellants, and for their Attendance on the said Assistant Commissioners, not exceeding the Rate at which Attornies or Solicitors are usually paid for the like Work done by their respective Clerks; which Sums so settled and allowed the respective Receivers General, on the Production of such Certificates with such Sums endorsed thereon, shall pay out of any Monies in their Hands of the said additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Receiver General, upon the Receipt of the whole Monies assessed within the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, for which he is appointed Receiver, (in case he shall have received the several Duplicates of each Parish and Place therein, and that Duplicates shall be returned to the Office of his Majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, and not otherwise,) shall allow and pay, according to such Warrant as shall be given in that Behalf by the Commissioners for executing this Act, or any two or more of them, such Sum as the said Commissioners, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, shall allow, not exceeding three Halfpence in the Pound, and no more, to the Clerks of the Commissioners for executing this Act, for their Pains in ascertaining the said additional Rates and Duties, and for fair writing the Assessments, Duplicates, and Copies hereinbefore directed, and all Warrants, Orders, and Instruments relating thereto.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, shall be entitled to any Allowance by way of Salaty, for his Pains in receiving, accounting for, or paying the Monies collected by virtue of this Act; but that the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized to allow to such Receivers General, out of the Monies collected by virtue of this Act, such Sums as they shall appear to have expended or disbursed in the Execution of this Act, and for their reasonable Charges in collecting the same.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Surveyor or Inspector shall have neglected or refused, or shall neglect or refuse to surcharge any Assessment relative to the said Duties now payable, or any of them, within the Time allowed by Law, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Inspector of the District where such Neglect or Refusal shall have happened for the Time being, and he is hereby required to surcharge the same at any Time before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; which Surcharge shall be certified and proceeded upon in like Manner and as effectually as if the same had been made within the Time allowed by the Laws now in force: Provided always, that the respective Commissioners for executing this Act shall have Authority, and they are hereby respectively required, to appoint, from Time to Time, Days for hearing all Appeals made from such last mentioned Surcharges, in such Manner, and at such Times, as shall be convenient, so that the Collection of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed may not be unnecessarily retarded: Provided also, that no Appeal from such last mentioned Surcharge, or from any Surcharge now depending, shall retard the execution of this Act, so far as relates to the making an Assessment thereupon by virtue of this Act; but that it shall be lawful for the respective Officers before-mentioned, to charge the respective Rates or Duties hereby imposed on the Amount contained in such Assessment, and to cause the same to be levied in the mean Time and until such Surcharge or Surcharges so appealed from, or to be appealed from, shall be determined, as if such Surcharge or Surcharges had not been made; and after the Allowance of such Surcharge or Surcharges, for the said respective Commissioners to cause such Assessment, and also the Assessment made by virtue of this Act, to be amended accordingly; and all Arrears become due on such amended Assessment shall be levied from the Time when the original Assessment commenced.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall annually, during the Term herein mentioned, cause to be delivered to the respective Assessors appointed to assess the Duties now payable within their respective Districts, at the Time of appointing the said Assessors, or as soon after as conveniently may be, a true Copy of the Certificates of Assessinencs made under the Authority of this Act, in as far as the same relate to the Persons liable to the said Rates or Duties hereby imposed within the Districts of such Assessors respectively, and the said Assessors shall cause the Assessment (except in the Cases herein after mentioned) to be returned together with the Assessments to be made of the said Duties now payable for that Year upon the several Persons named in such Certificates and Assessments respectively: Provided always, that in case no Assessment of the said Duties now payable shall be made for that Year, within the District of any Assessor or Assessors, upon any Person or Persons named in the Copies of the Certificates delivered to such Assessor or Assessors, then such Assessor or Assessors shall return the same, together with the Cau!e thereof, according to the bed of his or their Knowledge and Belief, to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, at their first Meeting for receiving the Assessmems/or that Year and the said Commissioners shall cause the Sums contained in such Certificates to be collected and levied by the respective Collectors, in like Manner as if the same were returned with the Assessments for that Year, unless the same shall be vacated in the Manner herein mentioned*; and in case any Person or Persons named in such Certificates shall be assessed for any Year after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, 011 Account of the said Duties now payable, to a greater Amount than in the Year in which the Assessment made by virtue of this Act shall have been made, then the said Assessment made by virtue of this Act shall be increased proportionally at the Rate before directed, according to the Amount contained

prop nv so

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

in such latter Assessment; and that in every Case where such Increase shall be made, a Certif ficate and Duplicates thereof shall be returned by the said Assessors, to the respective Commissioners for executing this Adf^ in the Manner before directed; and the Payments to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall, after the making of any such Increase, during the then Remainder of the Term herein mentioned, be regulated according to the last increased Assessment; provided that such increased Assessment shall be liable to be appealed against in like Manner as is hereby directed to be done with respect to the first Assessment to be made under this Acth

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be liable to be assessed towards the said Duties now payable, or any of them, in any Year after the fifth Day of^r/Vone thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in any Parish or Distritft wherein such Person or Persons shall not have been before charged by virtue of this Act, the Assessors shall give or leave Notice in Writing to or for every such Person liable as aforesaid, within the Limits for which such Assessors are to act, at his or her Dwelling House, to prepare or produce, within fourteen Days next ensuing

er Name;

-. H ormer Year

by virtue of this Act, in any other Parish or Place, and also the Name or Names of the Parish or Place, Parishes or Places, and County or Counties wherein such Person shall have been so assessed by virtue of this Act, and also the Amount of the said Assessment or Assessments, together with the Amount of the Duties now payable contained in the last: Assessment or Assessments thereof; and if in any such Case it shall appear that an Assessment hath been made of the additional Rate or Duty by this Act imposed in any former Year, but that the Amount of the said Duties now payable is liable to increase, then a proportional Increase, at the Rate before directed, shall take place in the Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Assessor or Assessors to whom such Declaration shall have been delivered, to make an Assessment to the full Amount of the Sum required; and where no such Assessment shall have been made by virtue of this Act in any former Year, then it shall be lawful for such Assessor or Assessors to make an Assessment, by virtue of this Act, on the Amount of the Duties now payable, contained in the Assessment thereof to be made for that Year, according to the respective Rates hereby imposed; and every such Assessor shall return a Certificate of such Assessment, and Duplicates thereof, to the said Commissioners, at the respective Times, and in the Manner before mentioned; and if any Person so liable to be assessed shall neglect or refuse to make out, iign, and deliver such List within the Time before mentioned, then such Assessor or Assessors shall make an Assessment by virtue of this Act, as in the Case where no former Assessment shall have been made by virtue of this Act; and every such Assessment so made upon any such Neglect or Refusal, shall be final and conclusive upon the Person thereby charged, unless the Assessment upon which the same shall be computed shall be abated upon Appeal, either on Proof of the Rate of Income of such Person, entitling him or her thereto, or of any Mistake which may have arisen in the Computation to be made on the Amount thereof, or unless it shall appear that such Person is entitled to be exempted from the said additional Rate or Duty,

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons assessed by virtue of this Act, or liable so to be assessed, in two or more Places, shall be desirous of paying the whole of the Sums assessed in either of such Places; or if any Person or Persons, after an Assessment made by virtue of this Act in any Place, shall remove therefrom, or become resident in any other Place, and shall be desirous of paying the Sums assessed in such other Place, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, to give Notice thereof to the Assessor or Assessors for such other Place, accompanied with a Declaration of the Place where such other Assessment was made, and the Amount thereof, in the Manner before directed; and every such Assessor or Assessors shall if necessary make an Assessment to the Amount so declared, or to any greater Amount, in proportion to the Amount of the former Duties now payable, for which such Person or Persons shall be assessed in such other Place or Places, and shall certify the same to the Commissioners acting for the District where the said Declaration shall be delivered; and the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or their Clerk, or other Person to be employed by them for that Purpose, shall on Request deliver or cause to be delivered to the Person or Persons so again assessed, a Certificate signed by such Commissioners or their Clerk, of the Amount of such Afldiment, which Certificate shall be made out and delivered gratis^ and shall be a sufficient Authority for vacating the former Assessment to the Amount certified, and for transferring the fiKure Collection and Account of the Sums contained in such former Assessment to the Officers acting for the District where such latter Assessment shall be made; and that in default of obtaining such Certificate, the Commissioners acting for the District where such former Assessment was made, on Proof given on Oath of the Fact of such latter Assessment being made, or of Payment tender the same, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present, or the major Part of them, may vacate such former Assessment.

LXXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Allowance of any Exemption from, or Abatement to be made of the said Additional Rate or Duty, in the Manner before directed, shall not have Continuance or be in force for any longer Terra than the Expiration of one Week after the fifth Day of January next ensuing the Allowance of such Exemption or Abatement; but that it shall be lawful for any Person to vyhqm such Allowance was granted, at any Time during ’the Continuance 38 Geo. III. 4 Y of

7°5

If any Person shall fee liable to be assessed to the old Duties after April 5, 1798, in a District where he has not been charged under this Act. the Assessors shall give him Notice to produce a Declaration specifying whether he has been afTwfled elsewhere to the additional Duties under this AO, and to what Amount, and shall make the Assessment accordingly, and return a Certificate and Duplicates to the Commissioners.

If any Person shall not deliver such Declaration within the Time limited, the Assessor shall assess him as if no AfllfTmcnc had been made, Scj.

If any Person chargeable In two Places be desirous of paying in one, or after Assessment shall remove to another Place, and be desirous of paying the re, he may give Notice to the Assessors there, with a Declaration of the Place where the other Assessment was made; whereupon such Assessors shall make an Assessment on him accordingly, and the former Assessment shall be vacated.

Exemptions or Abatements shall not be in force longer than a Week aftci January 5 in each Year; but the Parties may appeal annually, and the Commissioners may continue Exemptions* & c.

706

C. 16.

tricesimo

A.D. 1798.

A (Teflon and Collectors to aid Surveyors or inspectors, or be liable to Penalty lor Neglect of Duty.

§ 43* 45*

stank to open an Account with the Treasury, and carry to their Credit all Monies authorized by this Act to be paid them, for which Receipts shall be given, and Duplicates if required.

t

See.

x, t S 91,

Perfor.s may pay to the Bank any Sum* without requiring

Duplicate Receipts, which Sums shall be deemed voluntary Contributions, for the Purposes of this Act.

Persons may pay to the Bank any Sums, and require Receipts and Duplicates, which Sums shall be deemed to be on Account of Instalments of the additional l>uty, and the Excess of such Sums above the additional Duty shall be deemed voluntary Contributions.

Duplicate Receipts shall be a

Discharge for such instalments as the Person delivering them to the Col left ors shall endorse thereon, not exceeding the Sums catprcfled therein.

of the Rate and Duty hereby imposed, and so from Time to Time whenever there shall be Occasion, to appeal again from the A fie Ament made by virtue of this Act to the Commissioners acting (or the Parish or Place where the same was made, in the Manner before directed, and on Proof on Oath, or Affirmation, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the Amount of the then Annual income of the Appe tent, the said Commissioners shall continue the said Exemption, or allow tuch Abatement as the Case may require; and all the Rules and Directions prescribed for making me Appeal to the said Commissioners, in the first Inffance, shall be used and applied (mutatis mutandis) in every other subsequent Appeal to be made to the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall have the like Powers to determine the Matter of such subsequent Appeals, as are hereby given to them for determining Appeals in the first Instance.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Assessors and Collectors for the Time being of the said Duties now payable, shall and are hereby required and enjoined, at the Request of any Surveyor or inspector of the said Duties, to be aiding and assisting such Surveyor or Inspector in the Execution of the Powers given to them by this Act, and in the Performance of their respective Duties hereby required; and if any Assessor or Collector shall neglect or refule to be aiding or assisting any Surveyor or Inspector in any Matter required of him in pursuancoof this Act, every such Assessor or Collector so offending, shall be liable to such Penalties as Assessors and Collectors are liable to for Neglect of Duty by any Act or Acts of Parliament before mentioned *, relative to the said Duties now payable.

LXaXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Directors of the Bank of England shall open an Account in their Books with the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury fur the Time being, under the Title of The Commissioners of the Treasury on Account of the Supplies granted by Parliament for the Year one thousand fe*ven hundred and ninety eighty and shall carry to the Credit of such Account all the Monies authorized by this Act to be paid to the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, or to their Cashier or Cashiers, or other Person or Persons to be authorized by them as herein after is mentioned f, and the said Cashier or Cashiers, or other Person or Persons to be authorized as aforesaid, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing for the Amount of the Monies so to be paid to the Person or Persons paying the same, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, and if required so to do shall also give a Duplicate of any such Receipt, or a Second Receipt of the same Tenor and Date, to the Person or Persons paying the same, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, which Duplicates or Second Receipts of the same Tenor or Date shall be accepted and taken by the several Collectors and Receivers of the said additional Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as Cash, and in Payment and Discharge of the several Sums to be assessed and collected by virtue of this Act, in the Manner herein after directed J.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, to pay or cause to be paid to the said Governor and Company, or to their Cashier or Cashiers, or other Person or Persons to be authorized as aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money, and to requireReceipt or Receipts for the same, without requiring any Duplicate or Duplicates thereof, or any Second Receipt or Receipts of the same Tenor and Date; which Sums so to be paid as aforesaid, and for which original Receipts only shall be required, shall be deemed and taken to be the voluntary Contributions of such Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, towards effecting the Purposes of this Act.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That itlhall be lawful for any Person or Persons at arvy Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act to pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Governor and Company, or to their Cashier or Cashiers, or other Person or Persons to be authorized as aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money, and to require a Receipt or Receipts, and Duplicates thereof respectively, or Receipts of the same Tenor and Date, for such Payments; (which Sums may be so paid without producing to the said Governor and Company, or their Cashier or Cashiers, or the Person or Persons to be authorized as aforesaid, any Assessment or Certificate of the Amount of the said additional Rates and Duties to be made by virtue of this Act, upon such Person or Persons); and all Sums so to be paid, for which Receipts and Duplicates, or Receipts of the same Tenor and Date shall be required, shall be deemed and taken to be on Account of such Inffalments of the said additional Rates and Duties, and in Advance of the same; and the Excess of the Sums so paid above the Amount of the said Additional Rates or Duties so to be assessed or charged on such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be the voluntary Contributions of such Person or Persons towards effecting the Purposes of this Act; and the Duplicates of the Receipt or Receipts to be given upon the said payments, or the Second Receipts of the same Tenor and Date, shall, upon Delivery thereof to the Collectors of the said additional Rates and Duties, assessed and charged upon such Person or Persons as aforesaid, be an Acquittance and Discharge for such and so many Inffalments of the said additional Rates and Duties so assessed and charged as aforesaid, as the Person delivering the same shall endorse thereon, and shall not exceed the Amount of the Sums expressed in such Duplicates or Second Receipts as

aforesaid.

K»vcn,

XC. And be it further enacted, That upon the Payment of any such Sum of Money as aforesaid into the said Bank of England^ the Cashier or Cashiers, or other Person or Persons receiving the same, shall give one Receipt, ligned by them respectively, for the Whole of the Sums so paid, or separate

aiuTaUb Duplicates ^c.s ^‘ece, Pts ^or Portions thereof as shall be required, and shall also, if required, give a Duplicate of

One Receipt for the Whole of ‘-C*the Sums paid to the Bank, or i?£»*ratej*eccipts for /uch lotions as shall be required, to bk

N

9

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. 707

each or any Receipt, or Second Receipts of the same Tenor and Date respectively, which Receipts

and Duplicates thereof, or Second Receipts of the same Tenor and Date, shall severally be cut oft*in-

tientwife from the Counter Cheques thereof, which Counter Cheques are to remain with the said

Governor and Company; and every Receipt, in Cases where a Duplicate thereof, or Second Receipt

of the same I enor and Date, shall be given, shall be denominated in the Body thereof to be the First

Receipt of the same enor and Date, and the Duplicate of such Receipt or Second Receipt shall be

denominated in the Body thereof to be the Duplicate or Second Receipt of the same Tenor or Date. j

XCI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Delivery of the Duplicate of any such Receipt as aforesaid, or any Second Receipt of the same Tenor and Date, to any Collector of the said additional Rates or Duties, in Discharge of the Whole of the said Rates or Duties, act'efled or charged upon the Person or Persons delivering or causing to be delivered such Duplicate or Second Receipt, or any Part thereof, the said Collector mall, if required, indorse in Writing on the Back of the original Receipt, of which the Duplicate or Second Receipt as aforesaid shall be-delivered, the Amount and the Number of Instalments of the additional Rates or Duties thereby to be discharged; and Jthe Commissioners for executing this Act, in the District where such Duplicate or Second Receipt shall have been delivered, or any two or more of them, may and they are hereby required, on any Application for that Purpose, at any of their Meetings, and on Production of the original Receipt indorsed as aforesaid, or other Proof, given to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the Payment in Advance of any Sum of Money, on Account of the said Rates or Duties, grant a Certificate thereof under their Hands to the Person or Persons making such Payments, which Certificates of the said Commissioners shall be received, without further Proof, as Evidence of such Payments in all Courts and Placies, and before all Persons whatever.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That every Person delivering to any Collector or Collectors of the said additional Rates or Duties hereby granted, any Receipt or Duplicate as aforesaid, given for Monies paid into the said Bank of England, in Advance as aforesaid, in Discharge of not less than three Instal-ments of the said additional Rates and Duties charged upon such Person, shall be entitled to an Allowance on the Sums expressed in such Receipt or Duplicate, or such Part thereof, nest exceeding the Amount of fix Instalments, charged as aforesaid, of so much Money as the Interest of the Sums so paid in Advance, not being leis than three nor exceeding fix In Raiments as aforesaid, shall amount unto alter the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Day of Payment of the first: of the said Instalments so to be discharged, until the Day of Payment of the last of the said Instalments, which Allowance is to be ascertained by the Certificate of the Receiver General of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where such additional Rates or Duties shall be payable; which Certificate such Receiver General shall grant on Demand, before the Period of such last Instalment; and the Allowance so certified shall be paid at the Bank of England, or by the Collector or Collectors of the said additional Rates or Duties, out of any Payments that may be afterwards made by or on the Behalf of the Person to whom such Certificate shall be granted, or in case no future Payment shall become due, then by the Receiver General of the same County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, out of any Monies in his Hands, of the said additional Rates or Duties.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, having received the Copy of the Certificate of his or her Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, shall he delirous of paying the Duty in Advance at the Bank of England, and of receiving the Discount to be allowed by this Act on Prompt Payment at the said Bank of England, it shall be lawful for the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Bank of England, on Production of the Copy of such Certificate at the Time of Payment of the said Duty in Advance, (the Sum so paid not in any Case to be less than the Sum which appears by such Certificate to be payable, by three Instalments,) to make an Allowance at the Rate before mentioned out of the Sums so paid in Advance, from the Day of paying in the same until the Day appointed by this Act for the Payment of the last of the said Instalments thereby discharged, and in such Case to give the Person paying in the same a Certificate or Receipt, and a Duplicate thereof, speci lying therein the Number of Instalments thereby discharged, and the Amount of the Allowance for such Prompt Payment *, and all such Allowances shall be made by the said Cashier or Cashiers out of the Duties to be paid in at the said Bank of England, at the Time of paying the same.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Cashier or Gafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ on the Receipt of any Sum of Money by virtue of this Act, to give a Certificate or Certificates in lieu of a Receipt or Receipts as hereinbefore mentioned, and if required so to do, a Duplicate or Duplicates thereof, or Certificates of the same Tenor, and Date, and every such Certificate shall be of the like Force and Validity as a Receipt or Receipts in the Manner before directed.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly ad or aifift in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, or Receipt or Receipts, for the Whole or any Part or Parts of the Sums received at the Bank of Englandr, in pursuance of this Act, or any Duplicate of any such Certificate or Receipt, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word, in any such Certificate, Receipt, or Duplicate, or knowingly utter or publish, as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, or Receipt or Receipts, or Duplicate or Duplicates, with Intent to defraud

Y the

On Delivery of the Duplicate Receipts to the CoUcffbn?, in Dtftharge of the Whole or any Part of the Duties, they flial, if required, indorse on the original Receipt the Amount and Number of Instalments thereby discharged; on Preclusion of which the Commissioners shall give Certificates, which shall be Evidence of tlw Payment of the Sum* specified.

Persons delivering to the Collector* Rtceipts of the Bank for not less than three Instalments, to have an Allowance of 4l.per Cent, per Ai ft. for Money advanced, not exceeding fix Instalments j such Allowance to be ascertained by the Receiver General’s Certificate, and paid at the Bank, or by the Collector or Receiver General, as thft Case may require.

The Bank may allow Discount to Persons producing the Certificate of their Assessment, Prepaying Assessments in Advance, not Ufs than three Instalments, giving a Receipt and Duplicate,

Bank may give Certificate, in lieu of Receipts, and Duplicates thereof.

Perfors forging or altering Certificates, Receipts, or Duplicate*, or uttering them, to be ndjudgcvl guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

708

C. 16.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Monies anting from the Duties, ar received at the Bank, to be >aid into the Exchequer, and <cpt separate from all other Monies*

Moniet anting from the Duties or paid to the Bank, or from other Duties to be granted this Setiion for the same Purpose, not exceeding 7,000,occl. to be applied to such Services as shall then have been voted for J798.

After referring the said 7,oooo, oocL the Surplus to be applied in paying the Imereti of any Loan of this Setiion not exceeding 8, COOjOOOOl« -

and the Residue to Comm i til oners for reducing the National Debt.

r C. JI, '

Monies placed, by virtue of this Act, to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, to be applied consonant to the Directions of Uus Ad and *6 Geo. 3. c. 31.

The Dividends on the Capital Slock redeemed by virtue of this

the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly adding or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing, as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law,' shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the said respective additional Rates and Duties, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) and also all Monies to be received at the Bank of England, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said respective Rates and Duties, or received at the Bank of England, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the said respcdhve additional Rates and Duties, or from Payments at the Bank of England, or from such other Aids and Duties as shall be granted by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament, and specifically appropriated thereby to the same Purposes with the said additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of seven Millions, which shall be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall from Time to Time, as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of Great Britain, in this present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That after issuing or reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer, out of the Monies to arise as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, or any other Adfc or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament, such Sum, not exceeding seven Millions, as shall be voted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight as aforesaid, so much of the Surplus of the said Monies as shall be necessary, shall be and is hereby directed to be applied, in the first Place, to the Payment and Discharge of all Annuities, Interest, and Dividends, which shall become payable in consequence of any Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of eight Millions, to be raised by Loan, by virtue of any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, and the same shall, at the End of each Quarter of a Year, or at such other Periods as the said Annuities, Interest, and Dividends shall become payable, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund, during the Continuance of the Term herein mentioned; and that after applying such Part of the said Monies as shall be sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and required to issue the Surplus of the said Monies arising as aforesaid, during the said Term, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and the said Money so ifllied shall be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for applying certain Sums of Money annually to the Reduction of the National Debt, who shall apply the same in the Manner herein after directed.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which by virtue of this Act shall be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, to be applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt, shall be applied by the said Commissioners in Payment for the Purchase of any Public Annuities, in the following Manner; (that is to say,) That all Monies so to be applied, which shall be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, between the End of any Quarter of a Year ending on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in any Year during the Term herein mentioned, and the first Day of the Calendar Month which shall commence next after the End of such Quarter, shall be applied to the Purchase of Public Annuities, in equal Portions as nearly as may be on every Day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which the same shall be transferable, between the said first Day of the Calendar Month which shall commence next after the End of such Quarter and the first Day of the Calendar Month which shall commence next after the End of the Quarter next ensuing; and that all the Rules and Directions prescribed by the said A dl of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty aforesaid, for the Purchase of any Public Annuities below Par, or at or above Par, shall be applied and put in Practice with relation to the Monies appropriated by virtue of this Act, as effedfudly as if the said Rules and Directions had been specially enacted in this Act; and all such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock of such Public Annuities as shall be purchased by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, shall be transferred to the Account of the said Commissioners, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and that the Dividends payable thereon shall from Time to Time, during the Term herein mentioned, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners.

C. And be it further enacted, That all Dividends which shall from Time to Time become due and payable in respedi of the Principal or Capital Stock of such Annuities as shall be redeemed by virtue

6 1 *3

w

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. *C. 16.

of this Act, shall be ifluedor set apart out of the Consolidated Fund during the Term herein mentioned,

in the same Manner as if such Principal or Capital Stock had not been redeemed, and shall be paid to the Paid Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners; and the same shall from Time to Time be applied by them under the like Rules and Regulations, and in the Manner prescribed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,^ with respect to the Sums redeemed by virtue of the said Act; and that all and every the Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Provisions, which in and by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid are provided and established for applying, managing, or accounting for the Sums vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the applying, managing, and accounting for all Sums of Money directed to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this present Act; and that after the Determination of this Act, such Dividends as shall be payable in respect of the Public Annuities redeemed by virtue of this Act, shall remain in the Consolidated Fund, and shall be applied to the Uses and Purposes which the Monies composing the Consolidated F und may be applicable to.

CI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Purchase by the said Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt, out of the Monies to arise* by virtue of this Act, of Public Annuities, to the Amount of the Annuities which may be created on the Loan of the said Sum, not exceeding eight Millions as aforesaid, and upon Publication thereof in the Manner herein after directed, the said Rates and Duties hereby imposed shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and all the Rules and Regulations of this Act, respecting the said respective additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed, shall also from thenceforth cease and determine; save and except as to the Recovery of any Arrears of the said respective additional Rates and Duties which may at that Time have accrued, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture which may have been then incurred; save also and except as to the Provisions of this Act, relating to the Dividends which shall be payable in respect to the Public Annuities redeemed by virtue of this Act.

Cl I. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any Public Annuities to the Amount aforesaid shall be purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, out of the Monies arising by this Act, the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer shall, and he is hereby directed and required to transmita Certificate thereof to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, who shall thereupon ifloe their or his Orders to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to direct the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and the several Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors acting under them respectively, to cease from charging any further Rate or Duty for or on Account of the said additional Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and to cease from collecting any additional Rate or Duty, before charged by virtue of this Act, except Arrears of the said Rate or Duty grown due or payable before the Date of such Orders; and the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Faxes are hereby required to cause public Notice of such Order to be given to them as aforesaid, to be affixed in their Office, and at the Royal Exchange, and also to publish the same in the London Gazette, before the Day fixed for the Determination of the said respective additional Rates and Duties, and such Notice shall be deemed to be a sufficient Publication of the Determination of the said additional Rates and Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and all Surveyors, Inspectors, Afleftors, and Collectors, and other Officers acting under them, are hereby required to act in obedience thereto.

CIO. And be it further enacted, That if, after applying the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act to the several Purposes aforesaid, any Sum of Money so arising should be in the said Receipt of the Exchequer, the same shall remain for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be applied otherwise than as Parliament shall direct.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed, shall, if sued for within the Space of six Calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties or Forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Cods of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for Offences committed in England\ or in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; but never-theless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that any such Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without any Intention of Fraud, to flay all further Proceedings, by entering a noli prosequi, or otherwise, with respect as well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereoff belonging to his Majesty,

CV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County

or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and notelfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants

in

7°9

Att, to be applied In Reduction of the National Debt, as under 26 Geo. 3. C. 31.

The Duties hereby imposed to cease, upon the Purchase of Annuities to the An ount created by the Lean of 8,oooo, ooooi. and on Publication thereof, as directed in §10a.

As soon as Annuities to the said Amount shall be purchased, the Auditor of the Exchequer to transmit a Certificate to the Treasury, who shall order the Commissioners to cease from charging the Duties under this Act; of which the Commissioners shall give public Notice on the ’Change, and in the Gazettee. See.

Any Surplus in the Exchequer to remain at the Disposition of Parliament.

Application and Recovery of Penalties.

Attorney General may flay Proceedings in certain cases.

Limitation of Actions:

jio

General Issue;

Treble Costa.

The Person* inverted with the Authority of borrowing Money for di (charging Debts incurred by building or repairing Churches, Gaols, &c. may prolong the Time for Payment, not exceeding three Years beyond the subsisting Term, with the Consent of the Creditors.

Act may be altered, or repealed this Session.

C. 16.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Cods by Law.

CVI. 'And whereas many Counties, Cities, Towns, and other Places, are burthened with Rates for the Purpose of discharging the Debts incurred by the building or repairing of Churches, Gaols, Houses

of Correction, Poor Houses, and other Works of a public Nature, which Debts are required by divers Acts of Parliament to be wholly discharged within certain limited Times: And whereas it would tend to facilitate the Collection of the Tax imposed by this ActJ, and would be a reasonable

‘ Relief to the Persons liable to the said Rates, if such Times were permitted to be prolonged without

Prejudice to any Creditors Be it therefore enacted, That in all the several Cases aforesaid, it

shall be lawful for the Magistrates or other Persons inveded with the Authority of borrowing Money,

and imposing Rates for the Purposes aforesaid, to prolong the Time for completing the Discharge of the Monies borrowed or otherwise due, for any Term not exceeding three Years beyond the now

substding Term: Provided always, that such Order be made with the Consent in Writing of the respective Creditors, or of so many of them as shall be affected thereby.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, orre-

nealtd hv any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

1

5k II,

The /SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

RULES for estimating the Income of Persons appealing against any Assessment to be made

under the Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

ift T7REEHOLD,

CASE. J/ Cudomary, or Copyhold Land, usually in the Occupation of the Owners.

THE Cases of Appellants deriving their Income, or any Part thereof, from or out of Land:

In such Case the Income of the Owner shall be taken at the true annual Value, according to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, but in no Case lels than the Rent of one Year and the Half of a Year, at which Lands of the like Quality and Quantity are worth to be let by the Year in that Neighbourhood, and according as the same may be subject to, or free from Tythe, or according to the Rale of Composition or Modus payable for the same, after deducing such Payments as the same may be subject to, and which are allowed to be dc-ducted by these Rules from Income arising out of Land.

In the Case of Lands demised at Rack Rent* the Income of the Owner shall be taken at the full Amount of the Rent reserved for one Year, after deducting

as aforesaid.

In the Case of Lands demised in Consideration of a Fine paid, and a Rent reserved, the said Income shall be taken at the Amount of the said Rent for one Year and of such further Sum in respect of the Fine, as in the Judgment of the Owner will amount to a Sum equal to the Receipts of one Year, on a fair

Average. L i’ -W

In the Case of Lands demised in Consideration of a Fine only, the like Average as aforesaid shall be taken.

Casual and uncertain Profits arising out of Lands shall be estimated according to the best of the Owner’s Judgment and Belief, on the Amount of a Sum equal to the Receipts of one Year, on a fair Average.

2d CASE.—Assessment ©n the Owner of Lands demised to a Tenant.

3d CASE.—Assessment on the Owners of Lands in respect of uncertain Profits.

4th CASE.—By the

Tenant of Lands demised.

5th CASE.—Lefties in Consideration of Fines.

In the Case of a Demise at Rack Rent, the Income of the Occupier of Lands under the Rent of one hundred Pounds per Annum, shall be taken at notless than Three-fourths of such Rent for one Year.

If of one hundred Pounds per Annum, or upwards, then at not less than the full Amount of such Rent for one Year.

In the Case of Lessees of Lands in Consideration of Fines, whether with or

without a Renueferved, the Incouve of the Lessee shall be taken at not less than

1 1 I

A.D. 1798.

6th CASE.—O whers of Houses demised to Tenants. t

7th CASE.—Owners of Houses or other Buildings occupying the same.

8th CASE. — Income

arising from Professions, or Trades, or Vocations.

9th CASE.-—Income anting firom Annuities, Interest of Money, Rent Charge, or other Payments.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

Three-fourths of the Rent, at which Lands of the like Quality and Quantity are worth, to be let by the Year in that Neighbourhood.

In such Case, the annual Rent for which the House shall be let, shall be taken to be the Income of the Owner, after deducting the fair Averjgc for Money expended in Repairs during the ten preceding Years.

The annual Value of such Houses or other Buildings shall be taken according to the fair Rent at which the same might be let, clear of all Repairs.

The Income of such Person shall be taken at not less than the full Amount of his or their Profits or Gains, acquired or received within the Year, ending the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and which such Person might or could expend within such Year, or, at the Election of the Person afiefled, at a Sum not less than the fair and just Average for one Year of the Amount of his or her Profits or Gains in the three Years preceding the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and which such Persons might or could expend within the said three Years.

In such cases, the Income shall be taken at not less than the whole Suras payable within the Year preceding the pa(sing of this Act.

711

RULES letting forth in which cases, and on* what Account, any Deductions may be

". made in estimating the fair Income.

ift, General Deductions.

2d, Deductions in respect C>f Land., -

3d, Deductions by Per-ibns having Estates for Life or Lives only, in Addition to any other Deductions before mentioned.

FIRST, The Amount of annual Interest payable for Debts owing by or charged upon the Estate of the Appellant.

Second, The Amount of Allowances to any Child or Children, or other Relations of the Appellant, such Child or Children or other Relations not making a Part of the Family of such Appellant.

Third, The Amount of the Aflefied Taxes, contained in the lad Assessment--or Assessments thereof, within the Year ending the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Fourth, The Amount of the several Rates made upon and paid by such Appellant, within one Year, ending the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the Relief of the Poor, for the several Rates commonly called The Church Rate, The County Rate, The Rate (if any)-for paving, watching, and lighting Streets, or for Maintenance of Sewers, or any Rate, Tax, or Assessment payable under any Law or Act of Parliament for the Purposes of draining or Embankment, or for the Erection or Repair of Churches, Gaols, Bridges, or other public Buildings, or for Repair of Highways.

Fifth, The Amount of any Annuity payable by the Appellant, either as a. Debt or Charge upon his or her Income, excepting any Payment to the Wife of any Appellant living with such Appellant.

First, The Amount of the Land Tax paid by, or to be paid by the Appellant, or any former Owner or Occupier, within one Year, ending the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Second, The fair yearly Average for Money expended in Repairs of Buildings during the ten preceding Years.

Third, The Amount of Fee Farm Rents, Quit Rents, Rent Charges, Ground Rents, and other Rents payable by the Appellant, being himself tho Owner of the Land, estimated for one Year next preceding the Time of making the Appeal, and also of Fines on a fair yearly Average.

The Amount of Premiums for Insurance paid out of their Incomes to secure a Provision for themselves, or any of their Families, or for the Benefit of their Creditors after their Decease.

t

FORM

712

III.

C. 16, 17. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

FORM to be used by Appellants in declaring their Proportion of the Duty to their

Income.

I, (A.B.) do declare. That the Amount of my annual Income, [or9 if the Decoration shall he made by*

Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, or by a Steward or Agent, then, L (C. Z>.) of-Guardian,

Tutor, Curator, Committee, Steward, or Agent, as the Case may be, of A* B. of —— (or as the Case may be)i do declare, that the Amount of the annual Income of the said A. £.], estimated according to the Rules and Directions prescribed by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, doth not exceed the Sum of - which Estimate I have made according to the said Directions and Rules, to the heft of my Knowledge and Belief, having made from the said Income no other Deductions than such as are specified in the Schedule annexed to the said Act*

Signed

We whose Names are under-written, do testify that the

Signature of-----is of his proper Hand-writing,

and that the same was written in our Presence. u *' i|.r* iMr;

e. f. of, wm

g.h. of a H

IV. FORM of the Oath to be made by any Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, or by any Steward or Agent, making a Declaration on the Behalf of any Infant, or absent or incapacitated Person, or any Body Corporate or Politic.

I. C.D. do fwe3r. (or being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm). That I have acted as

- for A.B. of----- for the Space of --- and that I am well acquainted with the annual Income of the said A.B. which annual Income is truly stated in the Declaration hereunto an-- nexed, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief. So help me GOD.

CC. 3. 22'

Persons enrolled in the Supplementary Militia

may be enlisted

into such of his Majesty's other Forces as he shall appoint.

On Production of Certificate of any such Militia Man having so enltfted, he shall be dif-char^ed from the Militia, and no Man shall be ballotted for in His Room.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for allowing, during the Continuance of the present War, a certain Proportion of the Men, raised in pursuance of two Acts of the last Session of Parliament for augmenting the Militia, to enlist into His Majesty's other Forces, and to serve until six Months after the Conclusion of a general Peace.

[12th January 1798.]

WHEREAS by two several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for providing an Aug- mentation to the Militia, a certain Number of Men were directed to be raised in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, in England, in the said Acts mentioned, to serve as a Supplementary 4'Force of Militia: And whereas it is expedient, at the present Crisis, to permit a certain Proportion of Men, raised under the Authority of the said Acts, in each County, Riding, or Place, to enter voluntarily into his Majesty's other Forces, within the Time herein after mentioned May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, thereunto authorized by the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Land Forces, at any Time during the Continuance of the present War, until the Number of Men allowed by this Act to been-lifted out of the Men raised for each County, Riding, or Place as aforesaid, shall be completed, to enlist any Person enrolleddn the Supplementary Militia, raised determined by virtue of the said Acts, who is willing, and shall appear fit for Service, into any Regiment of his Majesty's other Forces, which his Majesty shall, by any Order under his Royal Sign Manual, appoint to be recruited in that Manner; and every such Officer, Serjeant, or other Person aforesaid, enlisting such Militia Man, and every such Militia Man entering to serve, or offering to serve in any such Regiment of his Majesty's said other Forces, shall be freed and discharged from all Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures whatever, incurred by Reason of such enlisting, entering, or offering to serve as aforesaid; any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production of any Certificate, under the Hand of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, of any such Militia Man having voluntarily entered himself as aforesaid, (which Certificate every such Justice or Magistrateis hereby directed to give gratis,) to the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, where such Militia Manfo enlisting was raised toierve, or to any three Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, by the Officer, Serjeant, or other Person recruiting as aforesaid, the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants respectively shall cause the Militia Man named in such Certificate to be discharged from such Supplementary Militia; and the Certificate of the Number of Men to be raised to the Supplementary Militia for any County, Riding, or Place, filed by the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding, or Place, shall be amended, by (hiking out such Number of Menas shall be

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 17, 18.

be enlrfted in his Majesty's other Forces from the said Supplementary Militia, by virtue of this Act and the County, Riding, or Place, for which any Militia Man so enlisted was raised, shall not be obliged to ballot for any other in the Room of the Militia Man so discharged, but shall in future be discharged from raising any Men in the Room of those who shall enter into his Majesty's other Forces, by virtue of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Number of Militia Men to beenlifted from any Supplementary Militia into any such Regiment of his Majesty's other Forces, by virtue of this Act, ftiali not exceed ten thousand Men, nor in any Case be more than One-fifth Part of the Number of Men directed to be raised to the said Supplementary Militia, in any County, Riding, or Place.

713

10,000 Men to be so enlisted; but not more

# of the Supplementary Militia in each Place.

Terms of Enlist ment.

w

passed

3 i

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person to be enlisted by virtue of this Act, shall be enlisted according to the Terms and Conditions to be particularly specified in the Recruiting Orders to beiftued for that Purpose, and to serve during the Continuance of the present War, and six Months after the Conclusion of a general Peace, and no longer, and shall not be liable to serve out of Europe.

CAP. XVIII.

A t

An Act to enable His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men, in the several Companies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith.

[20th February 1798.]

WHEREAS his Majesty hath been graciously pleased to communicate to Parliament, his Royal Intention to draw out and embody the Supplementary Militia, raised by virtue of two Acts,

|____in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, or such Part thereof as he shall think necessary to be drawn out or embodied; and the Occasion of embodying the same: And whereas it may be expedient, that only a certain Proportion thereof, in each County, Riding, or Place, should be embodied on the present Occasion; and that the Appointment of the Men necessary to constitute such Proportion should be decided by Ballot, to be taken in each Subdivision or District, without assembling them previously out of their Subdivision or District May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be Chaded: and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, or Place, or in case of Vacancy, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant from his County, Riding, or Place, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any Order of his Majesty, for the Purpose of embodying the said Supplementary Militia, or such Part thereof as herein after is mentioned, shall be directed, (half, as soon after as conveniently may be, issue his or their Order to the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in such County, Riding, or Place, to prepare and make out a full and true Lift, containing the Names of all the Persons enrolled to serve in the said Supplementary Militia by virtue of the said Acts, within each Subdivision respectively, before a Day to be specified in the Order of the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, as aforesaid, and which to

Day shall not be later than three Days after the Date thereof; and the said Clerks shall, within the Time make out Lift*’ fixed by such Order, prepare and make out such Lists accordingly, and also two Duplicates thereof, one of vf the Men cn-which Duplicates shall be for the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants at their Subdivision Meetings, and the lled*. other Duplicate thereof shall be transmitted to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, or the such°UiU* Deputy Lieutenants, who shall have issued such Order as aforesaid and two Duplicated each.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, to whom his County Lieutc- Majesty's Order shall be directed, shall, at the Time of iflutng his or their Order hereinbefore mentioned, ?ant at thefamo also issue his or their Order for assembling all the Men of the said Supplementary Militia, within their qJ.5Jcr respective Subdivisions, or at such Place or Places within their respective Counties or Ridings, and in such r*chicf Constable, Proportion, as to the said Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, as aforesaid, shall appear most expedient, roraifcmbling on the Day or Days to be specified in such his or their Order, and which Day shall not be later than the twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, within such County,

Riding, or Place, with Directions immediately to issue Precepts conformable thereto, to the Constables,

Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of the several Parishes, T-ythings, and Places, within the said Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, and Divisions respectively; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Men of the Supplementary Militia, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective Parishes, Tythings, or Places,- to attend within their respective Subdivisions or Districts at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order.

When Ms Majesty shall ordet (he Supplementary M.htu to be embodied, the County Lieutenant to order the of the

the Men on a Day not later than Feb. 16, 1798, with Di» regions to- iffile Precepts accordingly to tht Constables within the respective Divisions, who shall cause- Notice to be given

III. And be it further enacted, That ff any Person of the said Supplementary Militia (not labouring any Man not under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Supplementary Militia Man) shall not appear in pursuance of such Order, or appearing shall not abide the Orders of the Deputy Lieutenants attending in erderof the Dc

38 Geo. III.

4Z

pursuance

714

puty Lieutenants, to be deemed a De« ferter, and liable to forfeit 201.

Constables to cause Notice of the Time and

Place for affi m-bling the Mtn ro be chosen by Ballot to be affixed on the Church Doors.

Persons not chosen by Pallot may be accepted as Volunteers in tl»e Room of those that are. When the whole Number enrolled for any Subdivision Aiail be embodied, if any do ret appear, and be not taken within three Months, the Vacancies to be filed up by a

fresh Ballot,

County Lieutenant to appoint the first Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Day for assembling the Men, and to appoint the Time and Place of assembling the Men ballotted, in order to their being embodied. Men appearing. to be muttered, and a Number to be chosen by Ballot equal to Half of the Whole that ought to be enrolled. Sec,

Persons chosen by Ballot to be embodied, and to attend at the Time and Place appointed for

that Purpose.

Persons not ballotted to be dif-< barged from Attendance. Meetings may be held notwithstanding the AS-toes*

C. 18.

tricesimo

A.D. 1798.

Wmcers, wiimn incir reipccuve ranuicbj i auu i uiau

appointed for assembling the Men to be chosen by Ballot as aforesaid, to Churches or Chapels belonging to their respectiveLancaffery Lancaster, Parishes, Tythings,

- 1 —/ 9

and according to the

ptirfuawce of this A6>, every such Person shall be deemed a Deserter; and if not taken previous to the Completion of the Ballot at which such Person ought to attend in pursuance of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, and shall be deemed and taken to be a Person liable to serve within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and to be embodied according to the Directions herein contained, over and above

the Number to be chosen by Ballot as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, within^their respective Parishes, Tythings, and Places, shall cause Notice of the Time and Place

affixed on the Doors of the and Places, or where there is no

Church or Chapel, then on~the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tything, or Place thereunto adjoining; and such Notice shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of the said Acts of the Time and Place of so assembling for those Parishes, Tythings, and Places respectively; and all such Persons shall attend at the'l ime and Place mentioned in such Noli fame.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled by virtue of the said Acts, and not chosen by

Ballot in pursuance of this Act, shall offer himself as a Volunteer to be drawn out and embodied in the Room of any Person so chosen by Ballot, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any Meeting to accept such Volunteer in the Room of such Person so ballotted as aforesaid, and such Person so accepted shall serve as if he had himself been cholen by Ballot.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the whole Number of Persons enrolled in the said Supplementary Militia for any Subdivision of any County, Riding, or Place, shall have been ordered to be drawn out and embodied in pursuance of this Act, and in case any of the Persons so ordered to be drawn out and embodied shall afterwards make Default, eiiher by not appearing in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, or by Desertion or Absence from Duty, and such Person shall not be taken within the Space of three Months from the Time of such Default, then a Vacancy shall be declared by the Deputy Lieutenants at their next Meeting for the Subdivision for which the Person so making Default was enrolled, on the Certificate of such Default, under the Hands of the Officer appointed to receive the ballotted Men for such Subdivision of such County, Riding, or Place, or commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company to which they shall be appointed; and the Vacancy thus occasioned shall be filled up by a fresh Ballot for a Supplementary Militia Man, which Ballot shall be conduced according to the Provisions of the said Acts of the thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, and in like Manner as if such Vacancy had been occasioned

by Discharge from the Service.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, of every County, Riding, or Place, or any three or more of them, shall appoint the first Meeting to be holden by the several Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, or Division, within their respective Subdivisions, or at such other Place or Places as shall have been appointed as aforesaid, on the Day mentioned in such Order as aforesaid, for assembling the Men of the said Supplementary Militia, in order to their being ballotted to serve as herein is mentioned, and shall also appoint the Time and Place of assembling such of the said Men as shall be so ballotted, within their respective Counties, Ridings, or Places, in order to their being embodied; of which several Appointments the respective Deputy Lieutenants

/I y- | I T 4 J 11 I'm 111 I A /" / p I r

y

ftl

by the said Deputy Lieutenants, or by one Deputy Lieutenant and one such Justice of the Peace, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then by any one such Justice of the Peace; and the said Deputy

1

Ballot as shall be equal to One-half of the complete Number that ought to be enrolled by virtue of the said Acts on the Lift of such Subdivision or District, and to cause the Names of all the Persons so chosen to be marked on the Lift of such Subdivision or Distridj and when the Ballot shall be concluded, the said Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, or such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, shall cause the Lift of such Subdivision or Distiid to be publicly called, and as the Name of each Person contained therein shall be read, shall declare whether such Person is or is not (as the Case may be) ballotted out of such List, in the Manner hereinbefore provided j and the Names of all the Persons lo chosen by Ballot shall be returned to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, for which such Persons are enrolled, or to the Deputy Lieutenants, who shall have given such Order as aforesaid; and the Persons so chosen by Ballot shall be embodied to serve according to the true Intent of the said Acts; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, or such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall openly declare 10 the Men, who have been so ballotted, the Time and Place of their assembling, in order to their being embodied; and all and every such Person or Persons, who shall be so declared to have been so ballotted, shall immediately proceed and repair to, and shall duly attend at the

- i ~ m m % * m m m a I M-mt W m Act

jmim

all be dii-

ly atter dingly laid, fh

charged from further Attendance in pursuance of such Order as aforesaid.

_— a J a. a. a a m a

arged

VIII.

Tii

in cale any or the Meetings api

Affixes in any Town where fu

should fall within the d to be held, Doubts

may

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 18.

7*5

1 may arise whether it would not be necessary for the Militia Men so met to remove from the same ;’ be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for them to continue and remain there, notwithstanding the Affixes being then held at such Place.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any of the Supplementary Militia of any such Subdivision or District shall have been enlisted, previous to such Ballot, into any of his Majesty's other Forces, in pursuance of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for allowings during the Continuance of the present War, a certain Proportion of the Men, rased in pursuance of two Atls of the last Session of Parliament, for augmenting the Militia, to enlist into his Majestf s other Forces, and to serve untilfix Months after the Conclusion of a General Peace, and the same shall have been certified, by the Commanding Officer of any Regiment into which any of such Men shall have been enlisted, to the Clerk of such Subdivision or other Meeting as aforesaid, which Certificate every such Commanding Officer is hereby required to transmit previous to the Day tube appointed for such Ballot, it shall not be lawful to choose, out of the Men so appearing in such Subdivision or District, a greater Number than will be necessary to complete one Half of the Number that ought to be enrolled on the Lift of such Subdivision or District, after reckoning, as Part of such Half, the Men enlisted previous to such Ballot, and who shall be so certified: Provided also, that where the Militia Men of such Subdivision or District cannot be equally divided, it shall be lawful to ballot for one Man more than will be necessary to complete the Quota required to be ballotted for such Subdivision or District.

Where any Met! have enlisted previous to the Ballot, pursuant to C3p. 17 of this Section; and the same has been certified to the Clerk of the Subdivision, no more fit all be. chosen than Half the Number that ought to be enrolled, reckon, ing as Part thereof the Men so enlisted A*

When an equal Division cannot be made, one Man extra lo be chosen.

Any Person ordered to be embodied not appearing, to be deemed a Defer* ter under the Mutiny A£V j and any Person harbouring him to forfeit tool. Allowance to be made the Men who shall not be chosen by Ballot,

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of the said Supplementary Militia, ordered to be embodied in pursuance of this Act, (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Supplementary*Militia Man,) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, every such Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Ad which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and if any Person shall harbour and conceal any such Militia Man, when ordered to be embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be such Militia Man, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Man of the said Supplementary Militia, who shall appear and attend at the Ballot to be taken in pursuance of this Act on whom the Lot shall not fall, shall be entitled to an Allowance, after the Rate of one Shilling per Diem, during the Time be shall be necessarily employed from Home, in going to, continuing at, and returning from the Place to be appointed for such Ballot, to be paid by the Clerk of the Subdivision or other Meeting in which such Men shall be enrolled, on the Certificate of the Number of Men, so aj Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace rc

such Justice the Peace

Riding, or Place, shall, on the like Certificate, reimburse to the said Clerk the Sums so paid, out of any Monies in his Hands of any Aid granted by Parliament by way of Land Tax; and the Pay of every such Man, who shall be embodied in pursuance of this Act, shall commence on the Day of the Date of his Majesty's Warrant for drawing the said Militia out into actual Service.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Subdivision or other Meetings shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to draw on the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, for such Sum or Sums of Money as such Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then as one Justice of the Peace shall, by any Order under their or his respective Hands or Hand, direct and appoint, which Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied by such respective Clerks for paying the Allowances herein directed to be made, to the Men of the said Supplementary Militia for their Attendance at the Placd of Ballot; and the Receipt of any such Clerk, together with such Order, shall be to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and be allowed in his or their Account.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Subdivision or other Meeting shall, when required by such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then by one Justice of the Peace, make out an Account of the respective Sums of Money by him received and paid, in pursuance of this Act, to be by them examined, allowed, and signed, and the Account so examined, allowed, and signed, shall be and is hereby directed to be the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Militia Man so embodied as aforesaid shall desert, or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return or be taken within the Space of three Months from the Time of his so deserting or absenting himself, then and in every such Case the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, at their first Meeting holden for the said Subdivision for which such Person was enrolled, next after the Receipt of the Certificate of such Desertion or Absence from the Officer appointed to receive the ballotted Men, or commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company to which they shall be appointed, shall proceed to ballot for another Person in the Place of the Person so deserting or absenting h mself, out of the Persons returned in the Lift before mentioned for such Subdivision, who shall not then be serving in the Supplementary Militia, in pursuance of the said Acts of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in some of his Majesty's other Forces, in pursuance of the said Act,

passed

Commencement

of the Pay of Men embodied.

Clerks of the

Meetings may draw on the Receiver General of the Land Tax, by Authority of the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices, for Money for paying Allowances.

Clerks, when required, to make out Accounts of Money received and paid, which, when allowed, shall be their Voucher.

When any Mill, tia Man embodied shall desert and not be taken within, or shall be absent, three Months, another shall be ballotted for out of the Persons returned in the Lift for the Subdivisioni

v

716

C. 18.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

His Majesty may order the Remainder of the Supplementary Militia to bfcm-bodied.

When his Majesty shall think fit to embody imy further Proportion than the Half before mentioned, the Directions hereinbefore preferred to be pursued. His Majesty may order any Supplementary Militia not embodied, to be drawn out in order to be mustered or ex-rcised.

5? very Person not possessed of jool. who shall he ballotted and serve, or provide a Sub-ftltute, to be entitled to an Allowance, but not to extend to Persons chosen be. fore pafih>S this Art.

Cap. 107. §41,

*Oo ^. c. 107. S S3. &c-

His Majesty may form the Militia into Companies of any Number of Men and in-create the battalions, Regiments, and Officers $ /

passed in this present Session of Parliament, and so from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so long as any of the Persons returned in such List shall not have been chosen by Ballot, nor shall be then serving as

aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to debar his Majesty from ordering th^ Remainder of the said Supplementary Militia, or so many of the Remainder of the said Supplementary Militia, of any County, Riding, or Place, as his Majesty shall in his Wisdom think proper, to be drawn out and embodied, whenever the Occasion shall require, according to

the Provisions prescribed by the said Acts.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody any further Proportion of the Supplementary Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, than the Proportion of one Half before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, or Place, or three or more Deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required to cause such further Proportion to be drawn out and embodied as his Majesty shall order, and in so doing such Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, and also all and every the Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officers aforesaid respectively, shall pursue the Rules and Directions hereinbefore prescribed for drawing out and embodying the Proportion thereof hereinbefore particularly mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if during such Time as any Part of the Supplementary Militia which shall have been drawn out and embodied for Service, pursuant to the Provirtons of the said recited Acts of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall continue embodied, his Majesty shall deem it expedient that the Supidcmentary Militia of any County, Riding, or District, or any Part thereof which shall not, at such Time, be actually embodied for Service, should be drawn out in order to be mustered, trained, and exercised, for a limited Time, instead of being so embodied for Service, according to the Provirtons of the said Acts and of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to direct the Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants, of all or any of the said Counties, Ridings, or Districts, to cause the said Supplementary Militia not actually embodied, or any Part thereof, of each or any of the said Counties, Hidings, or Districts respectively, to be drawn out in order to be mustered, trained, or exercised, in such Proportion, and for such Time, and at such Place or Places, as his Majesty shall think fit; and the same shall be mustered, trained, and exercised accordingly, for such Time, and in such Manner, as his Majesty may direct. r IW

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person not possessed of an Estate in Land, Goods, or Money, of the clear Value of five hundred Pounds, who shall be, at any Time alter the passing of this Act, chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Supplementary Militia, and shall be sworn and enrolled, or shall provide a fit Person to serve as his Substitute, who shall be sworn and enrolled, shall be entitled to be paid a Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum allowed to be paid by Overseers of the Poor to any Volunteer enrolled in the said Supplementary Militia, nor such Sum of Money as shall be adjudged to be as near as may be one Half of the current Price which shall be at that Time paid for a Volunteer to serve in the said Supplementary Militia; which Payment shall be ordered, raised, and made, upon the like Oath of the Party, in like Manner, and with the like Remedies, for the raising and paying the same, as by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign*, is provided with respect to the ordering, raising, and paying the Allowances to be made to Persons chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia raised by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, if so chosen when such Militia happens to be drawn or ordered out for actual Service: Provided always, that nothing, in this Act, or in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or in any Act relating to the said Supplementary Militia, shall be construed to extend to entitle any Person who has been chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Supplementary Militia before the passing of this Act, to demand the Allowance aforesaid.

XIX. And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, that no Company of the Militia, to be raised by virtue of the said Act, shall consist of more than eighty Men at the mod:. And whereas it may be necessary, in Cases where the said Supplementary Militia shall be incorporated with the said other Militia, according to the Provirtons of the said Acts of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or where the said Supplementary Militia shall be formed into Regiments, Battalions, or Independent Companies, in pursuance of the said Acts of the thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, to form certain Companies of Militia, con- lifting of more than eighty Men in a Company :* Be it further enacted, That, from and after the pairing of this Act, it shall be lawful, during the Continuance of the said Acts of the thirty-seventh Year aforesaid,

ng, or Place, or the said Sup-

Mi

# b I en in a Company; and that

where the Number of Militia Men of any County, Riding, or Place, now formed into a Battalion, as amounting to the Number of three Companies, and under eight Companies, shall, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith, be advanced to the Number of eight Companies, and not more than twelve, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, whenever he shall think proper, to cause the same to be formed into a Regiment, and such Number of Officers of such Rank respectively to be appointed, as by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid are allowed fora Regiment of Militia; and where the Number of Militia Men of any County, Riding, or Place, now formed into an Independent Company or Companies, as confiding of less than three Companies, shall, by incorporating the Supplementary Militft

7 therewith,

717

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 18,19,20.

therewith, be advanced to the Number of three Companies or more, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, whenever he shall think proper, to cause the same to be formed into a Battalion, if the Number of such Companies shall not amount to eight, or into a Regiment, if the Number of such Companies shall amount to eight or more, during the Continuance of the said Act$ of the thirtyrseventh Year aforesaid; and such Number of Officers of such Rank respectively to be appointed, as by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid are allowed for a Battalion of Militia, confiding of the like Number of Companies, or for a Regiment of Militia, as the Case shall require, any Thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that upon the Determination of the said Acts of the thirty-seventh Year afore- but upon Deter-said, the Regiments, Battalions, and Companies, formed in pursuance of this Act, shall be reduced to mination of the their present EAablishment, as if this Act had not been made. t*o Acts of 37

‘ Geo. 3. the present Establishment to take place.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Pe- All Acts relating

nalties, and Forfeitures, Cla'uses, Matters, and Things, contained in the aforesaid Acts of the twenty-sixth extend to*thU and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in any other Act relative to the training, 10

raising, embodying, and calling out the Militia, or the Supplementary Militia, (and not hereby altered,)

shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution, with relation to the Provisions of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to give further Time for putting in Execution an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith.

[23d February 179b.]

WHEREAS by an Act, pasted in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his 38 Geo. 3. c.i*. Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith \ it is enacted *, that the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, or Place, or, in his

Absence, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall issue his or their Order for assembling all the Men of the Supplementary Militia, within their respective Subdivisions, at such Place or Places within

Mpe

(ha

y'

r

ty, by

sent P;

by and with

arliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, mail and may issue his or their Order for assembling the Men of the said Supplementary Militia, on a Day or Days to be specified in such his or their Order, not to be later than the tenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight -9 any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

j* i. i Militia, on a Day not later than

II. And be it further enacted, That any Orders which have been, or may be issued by the Lieutenant, or any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, of any County, Riding, or Place, for such Assemblies of the Men of the Supplementary Militia, to be held at a Day or Days later than the twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and not later than the tenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall be legal and valid, according to all Intents and Purposes

County Lieutenant may issue his Order for assembling the Supplementary March io, 1798.

Such Orders to be valid.

forth Day of Februar

contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[9th March 1798.]

Commissioners of the Treasury may raise 3,000,000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, before May 1, 1798, in like Manner as is prescribed by the Malt Act of this Session, Cap. 4, concerning Loans, &c,— 44 Exchequer Bills so issued not to be received again in Payment of any Faxes, nor exchanged, by the Receivers or Collectors, before July 5, 1798.—Principal and Interest, with Charges, to be repaid out of such Instalments, of any future Loan of this Session, as shall be specified in the Exchequer Bills, or of any Money payable under Cap. 16. of this Session; and if the Instalments paid before November 20, 1798, be insufficient, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first Supplies." -

718

I - i

C. 21, 22, 23. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John Earl Saint Vincent, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said John Earl Saint Vincent to His Majesty and the Public.

[9th March 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most gracious Message to your most faithful Commons, has been pleated to declare, That your Majesty having taken into your Royal Consideration the eminent and signal Service performed by John Jervis Earl Saint Vincent, one of the Admirals of the Blue, off Cape Saint Vincent, on the Coast of Portugal\ in an Engagement in the Month of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with a Spanish Fleet, under the Command of Don Jojif de Cordova, not only highly honourable to himself, but greatly beneficial to your Majesty's Kingdoms; your Majesty was desirous to bestow some considerable and lasting Maik of your Royal Favour, as a Testimony of your Majesty's Approbation of the said Service; and for this Purpose to give and grant unto the said John Jervis Earl Saint Vincent, and to the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said John Jervis Earl Saint Vincent, to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, for and during their Lives, a nett Annuity of two thousand Pounds per yinnum; but your Majesty, not having it in your Power to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the Effect of the said Grant beyond the Term of your Majesty's own Life, recommended it to your faithful Commons, to consider of a proper Method of enabling your Majesty to grant the same, and of extending, securing, and settling, such Annuity to the said John Jervis Earl Saint Vincent, and to the two next Persons on whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, in such Manner as should be thought most effectual for the Benefit of the said John Jervis Earl Saint Vincent, and his Family: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty's most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, &c.

A Life Annuity of 2000l. per Annum, charged on the Consolidated Fund, settled on Earl Saint Vin- cent, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of his Body on whom the Title shall defeend, to commence from February 14, 1797; the first Payment to be computed from thence till Abril 1798, and from thence to be paid quarterly, on July 5, October 10, January 5, and April 5. The Annuity to be paid at the Exchequer, without Fees. The Warrant for Payment of the Annuity not to be determinable upon the Demise of his Majesty, iff c. Commissioners of the Treasury, Chancellor of the Exchequer, fJjc. 44 are to do all Things necessary for the Execution of this Act, without Fees. The Receipt of Lari Saint M Vincent, and his Successors, shall be a suffic^ent Discharge. Annuity to be Tax-free; and recoverable by Action against the Officers of the Exchequer. Annuity not to be aliened or encumbered for a longer 4* Term than during the Life of the Possessor."

CAP. XXII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam Lord Viscount Duncan^ and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Adam Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majesty and the Public.

[9th March 1798.]

[This Act is in all Respects the same (mutatis mutandis) as the preceding. In the Preamble the Consideration is stated to be the eminent and signal Service performed by Adam Duncan Lord Viscount Duncan, one of the Admirals of the Blue, on the Coast of Holland, in an Engagement in the Month of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with a Dutch Fleet, under the Command of Admiral De Winter" and the Annuity is made to commence from the eleventh of that Month.]

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[9th March 1798.] VP V

[This Act is the same as that of last Session, Cap. 33. except that its Continuance is from Alarch 24, 1798, till March 25, 1799; the Number of Forces is stated at 48,609, including 5,766 Invalids. The Se&ions, ((landing as 23 and 25, in 37 Geo. 3. c. 33.,) directing the Muster Matter to give Notice of the Muster to the Chief Magistrate of the Place where the Soldiers are quartered, and to make Oath accordingly before him, are omitted.—See Post. Cap. 32. as to increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepets on quartering Soldiers, and regulating the furnishing Diet to Soldiers and Recruits on a-

March.] Tf-1 I Su^H9

i - 1 p'b cap*

7*9

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 24, 25

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to repeal the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate used in Watch cases.

[9th March 1798.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported; anda'J7 certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain, a certain Duty was imposed, after the Rate of eight Shillings for every Ounce Troy of Gold Plate, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ounce 1'roy of Silver Plate, which should be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which should be made or wrought, and which should or ought to be touched, allayed, and marked in Great Britain, over and above all other Duties imposed thereon: And whereas, by an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, an additional Duty after the Rate of eight Shillings was imposed for every Ounce Troy of such Gold Plate, and an additional Duty after the Rate of Sixpence was imposed for every Ounce Troy of such Silver Plate: And whereas it is deemed expedient, that the Duties imposed by the said recited Acts, so far as the same relate to Gold and Silver Plate used or to be used as and for Watch cases, should be repealed :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted *, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeiu of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of Afarr/? one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the said recited Duties, so far as the same relate to Gold and Silver Plate used or to be used as and for Watch cases, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given and granted, and the Rules and Regulations prescribed, by the said recited Acts, or either of them, in relation to the managing, securing, collecting, recovering, and paying the said Duties, so far as the same relate to Gold and Silver Plate used or to be used as and for Watch cases, and all Penalties and Forfeitures wi respect thereof, shall also cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relative to the recovering of any Arrears which may at any Time remain unpaid of the same Duties, and to the accounting for the same, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, which shall have been incurred upon or at any Time before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall, before the fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, export by way of Merchandize for any Foreign Parts, any Gold or Silver Plate, wrought or manufactured into Watch Cases in this Kingdom, and the same shall appear to have been made as aforesaid, and marked according to the Regulations of the said recited Acts, and the several Duties before mentioned shall have been paid thereon, and shall give sufficient Security before

Quantities of such Plate intended to be exported as :>rb

# nought into Great Britain, and shall make Proof

upon Oath that the same Gold or Silver Plate was actually made as aforesaid, and marked according to the Regulations of the said recited Acts, such Securities to be taken, and such Oaths to be administered, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and shall also produce such Certificate, and shall authenticate the same in the Manner and under the Regulations directed by the said aft-mentioned Act, then and in such Case such Exporter shall be entitled to a Debenture from the Customer or Collector in the Manner also directed by the said last mentioned Act, which being-certified by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, the Receiver of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or any Officer appointed by the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties for that Purpose, upon the said Debenture (b certified being produced to him, shall forthwith pay a Drawback or Allowance of the Whole of the Duties paid on such Gold-or Silver Plate by virtue of the said recited Acts, out of any Monies in his or their Hands of the Duties on Plate, which Payment shall be made without Fee or Reward.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to permit, during the Continuance of the present War, the Importation of Salt from Portugal\ in Neutral Ships.

[9th March 1798.}

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and by other Acts now in Force, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that no foreign Salt shall be imported into this Kingdom in any Ships or Vessels but such as are British-built, and owned by British Subjects, and navigated by a Matter, and Three-fourths of the Mariners being British Subjects, and in no other Ships or Vessels,

ifter, and Three-fourths of the Mariners, at least, ipcdient, under the present Circumstances, and for a limited

24 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. c. 53. and

37 Geo. 3. c. 90# [§ 16.] recited.

From March 25, 179S, the Duties under recited Acts, so far as they relate to Plate used for Watch cases, repealed.

For Gold and’ Silver Watch Cases exported before March 5, 1799, a Drawback of the Duties to be allowed on certain Condition*.

12 Car. 2. c. x$L recited.

720

From April 5, 1798, (during the present War,) Salt, the Produce of Portugal, may be imported in any neutral Vessel,

on the like Conditions as for Salt imported in Ships belonging to Portugal.

37 GEO. 3. c. 35.

38 Geo. 3. c. 5. recited.

The Persons herein after named to be additional Commissioners for putting in Execution the Land Tax Acts of the last and present Session. r&e port. Cap.

48 J

Commissioners for executing former Land Tax Acts, omitted, or others improperly named in 37 Geo. 3. c. 35, who may Jfavc a£Ld in Execution of the Land Tax Acts of the last and present Session, shall be indemnified.

c. a.

+ = 35*

C. 25, 26. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

§ -, V n

c limited Time, that the Importation of foreign Salt from Portugal should be permitted in any neutral Ships whatsoever Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coo-sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for and during the Continuance of the present War, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import, or bring into this Kingdom, from Portugal, any Salt, the Produce or Manufacture of Portugal, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, that shall belong to the Subject or Subjects of any State in Amity with his Majesty; and such Salt shall be imported upon Payment of the like Duties, and shall be subject to the like Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Salt imported in Ships of the Built, or belonging to any of the Subjects of the Kingdom of Portugal \ any Thing in the before-mentioned Act, or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last: Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax> to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britaint for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

[9th March 1798.]

WHEREAS several Mistakes were made in the naming of Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven

which, if not rectified, may prejudice and obstruct the Public Service; and there may be Occasion to appoint other Persons, together with those named in the said Act, to put in Execution the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and also an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land 7ax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Persons herein after named shall and may, and are hereby empowered and authorized, to put in Execution the said Acts, passed in the last and this Session of Parliament, for granting Aids to his Majesty by a Land Tax; and all the Clauses, Powers, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, as Commissioners of the Land Tax, in and for the several and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, and Places of Great Britain, herein after severajly and respectively mentioned and expressed, as if they had been named with the other Commissioners in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament; the said Persons nevertheless having the Qualifications, and being subject and liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures, in the said Act appointed and required; that is to say, [Here follows the List of Names.]

II. And whereas several Persons, named as Commissioners for executing former Acts for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, may have been omitted to be named as Commissioners for executing the said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, by the said other Act, made in the same Session f, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Aid*

Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety -seven," and others may have been improperly named therein: And whereas such Persons may have acted, or may aft, as Commissioners in the Execution of the said Acts of the last and this Session of Par- li ament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax: And it is expedient that such Persons fliou!d 4 be indemnified for such acting, and that all Acts by them done should be confirmed and made valid;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts by them done shall be, and are hereby declared to be valid, and that all Personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations, and all Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of such acting, shall be made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of such acting, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26, 27.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person named in any such Act or Acts as aforesaid, or in this Act, to be a Commissioner for putting in Execution any Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, in and for any County at large within England, the Dominion of Wales, (the Counties of Merioneth, Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, Radnor, and Monmouth excepted,) or any of the Ridings of the County of York, who is seised or possessed in the same County or Riding of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum, or more, of his own Estate, being Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold, over and above all Ground Rents, Incumbrances, and other Reservations, payable out of or in respect of such Leasehold Estate. shall be disabled from acting as a Commissioner for such County or Riding, by reason that such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall not have been taxed, or did pay at or for the Value of one hundred Pounds or more by virtue of any such Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax; and all Acts done by such Persons shall be, and are hereby declared to be valid; and that all Personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations, and all Proceedings whatsoever which shall have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of such adling, shall be made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of such acting, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence,

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person appointed a Commissioner shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in and for the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, who shall be seised or possessed in the said Isle of Ely of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the Value of sixty Pounds per Annum, or more, or his own Estate, being Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold, over and above all Ground Rents, Incumbrances, and other Reservations, payable out of or in respect of such Leasehold Estates, any Thing in the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Person or Description of Persons to act as a Commissioner or Commissioners, who shall be particularly described and excepted by the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament*

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose.

[5th April 1798.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that his Majesty should be enabled to exercise, in the moll effectual Manner, the Powers by Law vested in him for preventing and repelling an Invasion of this Kingdom by his Majesty's Enemies; and that, for such Purpose, Provision should be made to enforce prompt x Obedience to such Orders as his Majesty shall think fit to issue for procuring the Information necessary to the effectual Exercise of such Powers upon any Emergency; and for applying, in the most expeditious Manner, and with the greatest Effect, the voluntary Services of his loyal Subjects for the Defence of the Kingdom; and also to enable his Majesty to procure Ground which may be wanting for erecting Batteries. Beacons, and other Works, which may be deemed necessary for the public Service; and also to provide for the Indemnity (in certain cases) of Persons who may suffer in their Property by Measures which may betaken for the Defence and Security of the Country, and Annoyance of the Enemy :* Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and their Deputy Lieutenants, or such of them as his Majesty shall direct, and the Depi and the said, who shall be of the Age of fifteen Years, and under the Age of sixty Years; distinguishing which of them are, by reason of Infirmity, incapable of active Service, and which of them are engaged in any Volunteer Corps, and what Corps, and which of them are willing to engage themselves, to be armed, arrayed, trained, and exercised, for the Defence of the Kingdom, and upon what Terms; and which of them are willing to engage, in Cases of Emergency, either gratuitously or for Hire, as Boatmen or Bargemen, or as Drivers of Carriages or Horses, or Drivers of Waggons, Carts, or Cattle, or as Pioneers, or other Labourers for any Works or Labour which may be necessary for the public Service; and also distinguishing all Aliens and Quakers, with such other Particulars as his Majesty shall think fit to require; and also to procure Returns of the Numbers of the Males and Females, residing within the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places aforesaid, who by reason of Infancy, Age, or Infirmity, or for other Cause, may probably be incapable of removing themselves in case of Danger; and also for procurng Returns of all Boats, Barges, Waggons, Carts, Horses, and other Cattle and Sheep, and of all Hay, Straw, Corn, Meal, Flour, and other Provisions, and of all Mills and Ovens, and all other Matters and Things

38 Geo. III. 5 A which

721

No Commissioner for ;ny County in England, Scc. possessld of an 9 Estate of the yearly Value of tool, to be disabled from acting, although the same be not rated to the Land Tax for that Value.

Any Commissioner for the Isle of Ely, possessTed of an Estate of the yearly Value of 60L therein to* act.

Ptifons particularly excepted in the Land f Tax Act not to

be Commission-

The County and Deputy Lieutenants, in Obedience to his Majesty's Orders, to procure Returns of Men 15 Vcare of Age, and under 60; distinguishing which are in Volunteer Corps $ and which are willing to be armed, or others ife employed in Defence of the Country j and the Quakers, Aliens, and infirm People;

and of Boats, Waggons, Horses, Provisiom, &c.;

722

and what Coats, Wajrgom, &c. the Owners are willing to tur-rtish for the public Service, &c.

His Majesty may require the Lieutenants to appoint Officers, &c. to be ready for training Men willing to engage, tec.

If the Lieutenants shall not, in' the specified Time, signify to his Majesty the Names of a Sufficient Number of Officers, &c. his Majesty i

His Majesty may require the Lieutenants and Deputies to hold Meeting*, and the Clerks, Arc. to attend them, for the Execution of this Act.

Lieutenants and Deputies, Justices, tcc. to

havp the Hire Powers as they have by the Militia Laws;

and to obey such Orders as they shall receive, under this Act.

The Lieutenants or Deputies to issue Warrants, as required by his Majesty, to the Constables, &c. to cause Returns to be made to the Subdivision Meetings, on Oath.

His Majesty, in certain cases, may authorize the Lieutenants

ami Deputies to

C. 27.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 179

which may be useful to an Enemy, or applicable to the public Service, within the said Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places respectively; and which of such Boats, Barges. Waggons, Carts, and Horses, the Owners thereof are willing to furnish, in case of Emergency, for the public Service, either gra-tuitously or for Hire, and with what Number of Boatmen, Bargemen, Drivers, and other necessary Attendance, and upon what Terms and Conditions; and of all such other Particulars as his Majesty shall require, for the Purpose of enabling his Majesty, and the Persons acting under his Majesty's Authority, to give such Orders as may be necessary for the Removal, in case of Danger, of such Persons as shall be incapable of removing themselves, and for the Removal of all Boats, Barges, Waggons, Carts, Horses, Cattle* Sheep, Hay, Straw, Corn, Meal, Flour, and other Provisions. Matters, and Things aforesaid, or for the Employment thereof in his Majesty's Service, or otherwise, as the Exigency of the Case shall require, and enerally to give such Directions touching such Matters respectively, as may be deemed moil likely todc-eat the Views of the Enemy, and mod advantageous for the public Service.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order and require, from Time to Time, as his Majesty shall Ice Occasion, the Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting as Lieutenants aforesaid, to appoint proper Otiicers to be ready for arraying, training, exercising. and commanding such Men as shall he willing to engage themselves to be armed, trained, and exereded as aforesaid; and also proper Persons to be in like Manner ready, in case of Need, for superintending and directing the Execution of the several other Duties which may be needfary to be done for the several Purposes hereinbtfoie mentioned; such Officers and other Persons to be appointed in such Numbers, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as his Majesty shall think fit to order and direct, such Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting as Lieutenants as aforesaid, first signify ing to his Majesty the Names and Ranks of all Officers so to be appointed, and the Purposes for which tncy are so to be ap-

ointed, and appointing such Officers only as his Majesty shall approve: Provided always, that if the said ieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting as Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall not, within the Time which maybe specified in the Orders which shall be given for such Purpose, signify to his Majesty the Names of a sufficient Number of Officers, whom his Majesty shall approve, for the Command of such Men as aforesaid, and appoint such other Persons as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to appoint so many Officers, and other Persons, as shall be necessary lor such Purposes.

uyappoint them. i

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order under his Sign Manual, to authorize and require the several Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid, to hold such General and Subdivision Meetings, within their respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, as his Majesty shall think fit, and as shall be necessary for the Execution of this Act, and to require, for such Purposes, the Attendance of the Clerks of the several General Meetings and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy, within their respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, and of all other Persons whole Assistance shall be necessary for carrying into Execution this Act, in such and the same Manner, and with the same Powers and Authorities, as by the several Acts now in force, concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, is provided, with respect to such Militia Forces, so far as the Provisions in such Acts respectively are applicable to the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenants, and their Deputy Lieutenants, and the De-Lieutenants acting as Lieutenants as aforesaid, and all Justices of the Peace, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Officers, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, have the like Powers and Authorities todo, within their respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, refi edlively, all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as shall be required by his Majesty to be done by them respectively in the Execution of this Act, as they respectively have to do the several Acts, Matters, and Things by Law required to be done by them respectively, by any Act now. in force concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom. -, V 1

V. And be it further enacted, That all Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Constables, and other Officers, and all other Persons, shall obey such Orders as they shall relpechvely receive under the Authority of this Act, and the several Provisions herein contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places aforesaid, within such Time as they shall be required by his Majesty lo to do, shall issue Warrants to the several Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, of every Parish or Place, within the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places aforesaid, to cause Returns to be prepared and made, touching the several Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, as his Majesty shall direct, for their respective Parishes and Places; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Head-boroughs, and other Officers, shall make such Returns severally. and respectively to the said Deputy Lieutenants at their respective Subdivision Meetings, according to the Warrants which shall be issued for such Purposes, and shall verify the same, upon Oath, before such Deputy Lieutenants.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, in case of actual Invasion of this Kingdom, or if his Majesty shall fee special Cause to apprehend that such Invasion will be actually attempted by the Enemy, to authorize and empower, by Order under his Sign Manual, the said Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, or agy of them, on any Emergency, and on the Requisition of the Officer commanding

E5,

A.D. 179S.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27. 723

within the District respectively, or of such other Persons as his Majesty shall specially empower to make such Requisition, to give all such Orders as shall be necessary for the Removal of any Boats, Barges, Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Hay, Straw, Corn, Meal, Flour, or Provisions of any Kind, or any other Things which maybe of Advantage to an Enemy, or useful for the public Service, and to take the same, if necessary, for the public Service; and also to give such Orders as shall be necessary for the Removal of the inhabitants of any House, Hamlet, District, or Place, or any of them, and especially such as by reason of Infancy, Age, or Infirmity, or other Cause, shall be incapable of removing themselves in case of Danger; and also, in case of Necessity, to destroy any Boats, Barges, Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Hay, Straw, Corn, Meal, Flour, or Trovisions of any Kind, or any Thing which may be of Advantage to an Enemy; and to remove, destroy, or render useless, any House, Mill, Bridge, pr other Building, or any Matter or Thing whatsoever; and generally to do and in the Premises as the public Service and the Exigencies of particular Cases shall require.

Vm. And be it further enacted, That any Persons who may enrol themselves in any Volunteer Corps of Infantry or Cavalry, subsequent to the Date of this Act, shall not be liable to be called out and placed under the Command of any General Officer commanding within the District in which such Corps may be formed, except in case of actual invasion, or of the actual Appearance of the Enemy on the Coast, or of the Danger of invasion being deemed so imminent as to make it advisable for the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or any of them, to give Orders for the Removal of Cattle, Corn, or any other Articles which may be of Advantage to the Enemy, or useful to the public Service, in the Manner hereinbefore men-

order the Removal of Boats, Waggons, Horses, Provi-ftons, &c.

and to destroy Any which may be of Advantage to the Enemy.

tioned.

Persons who enrol in any Volunteer Corps, lubfiquent to this Act dor liable to be called out under the Command of the

General of the District, except in Cases of actual invasion, or imminent Danger thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if the Commanding Officer of any Corps or Company of Volunteers, who shall be appointed under the Authority of this Act, or who has been or shall be appointed under the Authority of an Act of the thirty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign*, intituled, An Act for encou-roging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Alen as shall voluntarily enrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coafs, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War, shall make any false Return of such Corps or Company, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, every such Officer shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to authorize any General Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons commissioned for such Purpose, to survey and mark out any Piece of Ground wanted for the public Service, and to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person or Persons having any Interest therein, for the Possession or Use thereof, during such Time as the Ex genceof the Service shall require; and in case the Owner or Owners of any such Ground, or any Person or Persons having any Interest therein, shall rerule or decline to enter into such Contract touching the same, as shall be fansfadtory to such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons commissioned as aforesaid, or shall be unable so to do by reason of Infancy, Coverture,' or other Disability, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so authorized by his Majesty to require two or more Justices of the Peace, or Deputy Lieutenants for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where such Piece of Ground shall be, to put his Majesty's Officers into immediate Possession of such Piece of Ground, which such Justices or Deputy Lieutenants shall accordingly do, and shall for that Purpose issue their Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, commanding Possession to be so delivered, and shall also issue their Warrants to the Sheriff of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, wherein such Piece of Ground shall be fttuate, to summon a Jury to appear, and be on a Day and at a Place in such Warrant to be mentioned, to inciuire of and ascertain the Compensation which ought to be made for the Possession or Use of such Piece of Ground, during the Time for which the same shall be required for the public Service, to the several Persons interested therein, and to whom the same ought to be paid, the Verdict of which Jury shall be certified by such Justices or Deputy Lieutenants to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where such Lands shall lie; which Receiver General shall, out of any Money in his Hands, pay such Compensation to such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and for such Purposts, as by such Verdict shall be directed: Provided always, that no such Piece of Ground shall be so taken for the public Service, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof, unless the Necessity for the same shall be first certified by the Lord Lieutenant, or two of the Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, in which such Land shall lie, or unless the Enemy shall have actually invaded the Kingdom at the Time when such Piece of Ground shall be so taken.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when it shall have been found necessary to take, for the public Service, remove, or destroy, any Waggons,- Carts, or other Carriages, Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Hay, Straw, Corn, Meal, Flour, or other Provisions, or any other Articles whatsoever, or to destroy or injure any House, Mill, Bridge, or other Building, or any Matter or Thing of Value, under the Directions aforesaid, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury shall appoint Persons to inquire into and ascertain the Value of such Articles, and the Compensation which ought to be made for the lame, by way of Purchase or Hire, or Recompence for Damage, or otherwise, according to the Nature of the Case; and if the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons interested, shall be willing to accept the Compensation which shall be so ascertained, the same shall be paid by the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or

Treasury to appoint Person* to ascertain the Value of Articles taken or injured for the public Service, and to pay a Coin pen Cation for thcru.

9

72

1 f the Owners be

not willing to accept ilie Compensation, two justices may settle it, &c.

The Officers of the Stannaries to procure Returns, and other Mat- ters to be done touching the Tinners in Devon and Cornwall.

The Lieutenancy, Lord Mayor, &c. of London, the Constable of the Tower, &c. the Warden of the Cinque Ports, &c. to have the like Power in Execution of this Art, as they have re-fpcfling the Militia.

Form of Conviction in Schedule, may be used with the necessary Variations.

Acceptance of Commissionsnot to vacate Scats in Parliament.

Clerks of the Meetings, and other Officers, to receive Compen-

f*tu?n.

Penalty for disobeying Orders, or < httairting t.ie Execution of titis Art j from 5 1. :o roo I. or lmjuifomrcnt not exceeding thr-c Months.

Vo Order cr Conviction ,to be /emoved out of

C. 27. Anno tricesimo ortavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose, in pursuance of a Certificate under the Hands of the Persons so employed to ascertain the same; and if the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons interested, shall not be willing to accept such Compensation, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to order two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, to settle and ascertain the Compensation which ought to be made to such Owner or Owners, or Persons interested; which Justices shall settle and ascertain the same accordingly, and shall grant a Certificate thereof to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, who shall order the same to be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, out of any Money granted for the Supply of the Year.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Stannaries, and all other Officers of the

Stannaries, shall, respectively, in obedience to his Majesty's Orders, to be issued for that Purpose, procure like Returns to be made, and all other Matters to be done touching the Tinners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall\ according to the Customs of the Stannaries and Privileges of the Working Tinners, as are hereby required to be done by the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid, touching other Persons residing in the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall\ not entitled to the Benefit of such Privileges; and such Warden and other Officers of the Stannaries shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities to do and execute all and every the Matters and Things, which shall be so required to be done as aforesaid, as the said Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places aforesaid, have for doing the several Matters and Things hereby required to be done by them respectively. *2*1

XIII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London, the Lord Mayor of the said City, and the Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Councilmen of the several Wards of the said City and Liberties thereof, and the Constables, Beadles, and other Ward Officers of the same, the Constable of the Tower of London, Lieutenants of the Tower Hamlets, and the Deputy Lieutenants of the said Hamlets, and their several Officers, the Justices of the Peace for the Tower Liberties, the Constables and other Peace Officers within the same, the Warden of the Cinque Ports two ancient Towns and their Members, his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, and his or their Officers, and the Mayors, Jurats, Justices of the Peace, Constables, and other Peace Officers for the Liberties of the Cinque Ports two ancient Towns and their Members, and all other Justices of the Peace, Constables, and other Peace Officers, within their respective Districts, and all other Persons having Authority within the same, shall put in Execution all and every the Powers and Provisions contained in this Act, in like Manner as they are respectively authorized to put in Execution the several Laws respecting the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, or any of them, within their respective Districts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Form of Conyi£Iion by one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act, set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereto annexed, may be used, with such Additions and Variations only as may be necessary to adapt the same to the particular Exigencies of the Case; and that no Objection shall be made, or Advantage taken, for Want of Form, in any such Conviction by any Person or Persons whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of any Commission, under the Authority of this Act, shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the General and Subdivision Meetings

of Lieutenancy, Constables, and other Officers, required to execute this Act, and who shall respectively execute the same to the Satisfaction of the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their respective Subdivision Meetings, shall have and receive such Compensation for their Care, Trouble, and Expences, in and about the executing of this Act, as the said Deputy Lieutenants shall judge them respectively to have deserved for the same; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall direct such Compensation to be paid by the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place in England, or Receiver General of Scotland, as the Case shall require, out of any Money in his Hands, and such Receiver General shall pay the same accordingly, in case such Order as shall be made by such Deputy Lieutenants at such Subdivision Meetings shall be confirmed at a General Meeting, but not otherwise. I if ‘H

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other inferior Officer, or other Person, shall disobey any Orders which shall be ifluea in pursuance of this Act, or shall obstruct or hinder the Execution thereof, every such Person, upon Conviction of such Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than five Pounds, and not exceeding one hundred Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice, to be levied by Distress and Sale in the Manner herein-before directed with respect to the Penalty herein-before imposed; and for Want of sufficient Distress, then such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months, and the Monies arising by such Penalty shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place* where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied as Part of the Stock of such County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made in pursuance of this Act, by any Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, shall be removed, by Certiorari, Advoca-

7 tion.

725

the County, or Proceedings thereupon to be superseded by Certiorari, &c.

His Majesty may authorize three Deputy Lieute* nants to ad in the Ab(ence of the

Recovery of Penalties.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27, 28.

tion; or Suspension, out of the County, Riding, or Place, wherein such Order or Conviction shall be made, into any Court whatever; and that no Writ of Certiorari, Advocation, or Suspension, shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction, but that Execution and ether Proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to authorize any three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, in the Absence from such County, Riding,

Stewartry, City, or Place, of the Lieutenant thereof, to do all Acts, Matters, and Things, in the Execution of this Act, which might lawfully be done by such Lieutenant, and the same shall be good and valid in the Law, as if done by such Lieutenants.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties by this Act imposed, for Recovery whereof no other Means are hereby provided, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any

Wales

Section

testion

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action shall be commenced within three Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same Treble Costs, as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance during the present War with

Limitation of Afiion*.

[General Issue.]

France*

1

altered,

Continuance of

Act.

Act may be altered or repealed this Seflron.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act: refers.

Year of his present Majesty's Reign, A.B. of

is duly

FORM of CONVICTION for Disobedience of Orders, or Obstruction or Hindrance of the /. Execution of such Orders.

M. - - - 7"pE it remembered, That on this _ _ Day of in the

to wit. j Ypar nf hie nrp

convicted before me

~ '* signtn I ear or ms present Majestys iteign, intttuiea, g tiere

Jet forth the Title of the Ati,] for that the said A* B. on at

did contrary to the said Act; Wherefore I the said do adjudge, that

as a Penalty for his Offence, in pursuance of the Powers veiled in me by the said Act.

Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of °in the Year of our Lord

one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of in pursuance of an Act of the thirty-eighth Year ol his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, [He

did contrary to thi

he the said A.B. do pay the Sum of

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain, from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase or on the Credit of Debts owing to the Government of the United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons within the said Provinces, without Licence for that Purpose; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies, to the said United Provinces, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government.

[5th April 1798.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent Persons, residing or being in Great Britain, from advancing

Money or Effects for the Purchase or on the Credit of Debts owing to the Government of the United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons within the said Provinces, during the present War, without Licence first obtained for that Purpose :* Be it enacted by the King's most

726

If any Person residing or being in Great Britain shall thtre or elsewhere make, or procure to be made, any Advance for Purchase of any Debt due to the States General of the United Provinces, kc. he shall forfeit 1,cool, and Treble the Value of the Advance.

[Srr Post. Cup. 45, as to Switzerland; by § S. of which, ti e Siat. 34 Geo. 3. c. 9. i! a/fo extended to the United. Provinces.]

All Contrafts touching such Debts, &c. to be void.

Any Person negotiating any such Dealing, to forfeit 500 1.

Recovery of Penalties.

Act not to extend to ary Thing done by Licence from his Majesty.

33 Geo. 3. C.Z7. to extend to the United Pro vinces, ai.d all Places under the Dominion of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in the said Provinces.

C. 28.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person residing or being in Great Britain during the said War, knowingly and wilfully, in Great Britain or elsewhere, shall make, or agree to make, or cause or procure to be made, any Advance of Money whatsoever, or of-Goods* Merchandize, or Effe£Is, or other valuable T hing whatsoever, to any Government, or Body Politic or Corporate, or any Persons or Person whomsoever; or shall accept, pay, indorse, or negotiate, or agree to accept, pay, indorse, or negotiate, or cause or procure to be accepted, paid, indoifed, or negotiated, or shall guarantee or agree to be Security for the Payment of any Bill of Exchange, or other liiil, Note, or Security for Money; for or in Consideration of any Purchase or Transfer of any Debt or Debts, or of any Share or Interest in any Debt or Debts due or owing to the States General of the said United Provinces, or to the States of any of the said Provinces, or to the Government of the said Provinces, or of any of them, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or of any Territories or Places now dependent thereon, or under the Government of the States General of the said, United Provinces, or of the States of any of the said Provinces, or of any Parts or Part thereof, or due or owing to any Persons or Person residing or being within any of the said Provinces, Territories, or Places; or for or in Consideration of or upon the Security or Credit of any such Debt or Debts; or shall knowingly and wilfully, in any Manner whatsoever, purchase or agree to purchase, or become entitled to or interested in, for valuable Consideration, or by Way of Security or Indemnity, any such Debt or Debts, or any Parts or Part of any such Debt or Debts; every Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one thousand Pounds, and also Treble the Amount or Value of the Money, Goods, Merchandize, Effects, or valuable Thing, so advanced or agreed to be advanced as aforesaid, or of such Bill of Exchange, or other Bill, Note, or Security for Money, with respe<5l to which any such Dealing shall be had as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Contra&sand Agreements whatsoever, touching or concerning any such Debt or Debts as aforesaid, or any Parts or Parc of any such Debt or Debts, or touching any Money or other valuable Consideration, advanced or to be advanced for or in respect of any such Debt or Debts, or for or in respect of any Goods, Merchandize, Effects, or other valuable Thing, fold or agreed to be sold, or for or in respect of any Bills of Exchange, or other Bills, Notes, or Securities, drawn, accepted, indorsed, negotiated, given, or executed in Consideration thereof, or by Way of Security, Indemnity, of otherwise, for or concerning the same, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Broker or other Person, residing or being in Great Britain, shall knowingly and wilfully, in Great Britain, or elsewhere, negotiate or transact, for Commission or otherwise, any Dealing prohibited by this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to any Person who will sue for the same.;, .-f! fejg

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid shall and may

III. HUH L I Ul w f LUi JLJ f lllilrl VdllvU KJ L Ul IL4 ritdy U J i I v/1 im> liiiiwi j 1

of Session or Exchequer in Scotland; and to any such Information or Bill in Equity, the Party or Parties against whom the same shall be exhibited shall be obliged and compelled to answer upon Oath for Discovery of the Dealings and Transactions by Means whereof such Penalties and forfeitures shall have been incurred; and it shall be lawful for the Court wherein such Information or Bill shall be exhibited, to proceed and decree thereupon, and enforce such Decree in the same Manner as is used in other causes in

the said Courts.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to any Act which shall be done by any Person, or in any Place, by virtue of or in Obedience to any Licence or Authority from his Majesty, either under his Sign Manual, or by Order in Council, or Proclamation, or by virtue of or in Obedience to any Licence or Authority from any Persons or Person to be authorized by his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, or otherwise as his Majesty shall think fit, to give such Licence or Authority; or to any Act done in his Majesty's Service by any Person or Persons who shall be employed therein.

VI. And whereas it is expedient to extend to the said United Provinces, and the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and to the Persons, T erritories, and Places under their Government the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the thirty-third Year ol his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and P ranee, alt Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Affjlance being given to, his Majesty's Enemies \ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the several Times herein after mentioned, and during the said War, all and every the Provisions in the said Act contained, shall extend, and shall be construed, deemed, and taken to extend, to the said United Provinces, and all and every the I erritories and Places under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall, during the said War, exercise the Powers oI CjO-vernment in the said United Provinces, and all Persons residing or being, or who shall, during the uid War, reside or be within the same, or within any of the Territories or Places aforesaid, and to the Persons exercising, or who shall, during the said War, exercise the Powers of Government within the said r jovinces, or any of them, or any of the Territories or Places aforesaid; in such and the same Manner, to all utenrs and Purposes, as if the said United Provinces, and the Territories, Places, and Persons aforesaid, and every

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 28 - 31.

of them, had been expressly mentioned in the said Act, and all and every the Provisions in the said Act contained had been expressly applied thereto respectively, and the said United Provinces, and the Territories, Places, and Persons aforesaid, had in all Parts of the said Act been mentioned, together with France, and the Territories, Persons, and Places described in the said Act; and that all and every-the Acts thereby prohibited to be done by Persons residing or being in Great Britain, with respect to France, or the Persons exercising, or who, during the said War, might exercise the Powers of Government in France, or Persons residing or being within any of the Dominions of France, or any Town, Territory, Port, or Place annexed to France, or under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who might exercise, the Powers of Government in France, shall be deemed and taken to be, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties, Provisions, and Restrictions, prohibited with respect to the said United Provinces, and all and every the Territories and Places under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War exercise, the Powers of Government in the said Provinces, and all Persons residing or being, or who shall, during the said War, reside or be within the same, or within any of the Territories or Places aforesaid, and to the Persons exercising, or who shall, during the said War, exercise the Powers of Government in the said Provinces, or any of them, or any of the Territories or Places aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take place and have Commencement from the End of one Week after the passing of this Act, as to all Acts which shall be done by any Person whatsoever in Great Britain, or which shall be done in any Parts out of Great Britain, by any Person who shall have been in Great Britain at any Time after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of this Act; and shall take place and have Commencement one Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, as to all Acts which shall be done in any Part of Europe, other than Great Britain, by any Person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this Act and one Calendar Month after the passing of this Act ;. and shall take place and have Commencement three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, as to all Acts which shall be done in any Parts of the World out of Europe, and not beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any Person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this Act, and the End of three Calendar Months after the passing; of this Act; and shall take place and have Commencement six Calendar Months after the pairing of this Act, as to all Acts which shall be done in any Part of the World beyond the Cape oj Good Hope, by any Person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this Act, and the End of six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to repeal, amend, alter, or vary this Act, or

any Part thereof, during this present Session of Parliament.

Comm< ment

AQ m

pealed

this Si

i o ?, c a p. xxix.

9 Z

An Act to revive and continue, until the Conclusion of the present War, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty-five, videlicet, on the nineteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat and, * other Articles to thelflands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney.

[5th April 1798.]

u 37 Geo. III. Cap. 1Z5. recited, and revived and continued till the Conclusion of the War."

I? GAP; XXX.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the sixth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for disallowing the Bounty on Sail Cloth or Canvas, the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported., to Ireland.

[5th April 1798.]

37 Geo. III. Cap. 76. recited, and continued till Afelrch 25; 1799."*'

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-fevemh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and two, videlicet, on the nineteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly describefl, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries, in the respective Diflrids in Scotland — [5th April 1798.]

37 Geo. III. Cap. 102. recited, revived, and continued till May 1, 1798. See antey c. 11. Act may be repealed this Session."

728

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 32

A.D. 1798.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Sti’ofistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on

quartering Soldiers.

[5th 1798.]

Mutiny Act c. 23. of this Session recited.

__________ and the own of tierw-ck upon

Tweed, for the Payment of Innholders and others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers are quartered and billetted, who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer at their Quarters; and an Option is given to such Innholders and others, to furnish certain Articles gratis, in lieu of Diet and

Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers, to allow rod. per Diem for Diet and Small Beer in Quarters in England;

and for Articles furnished gratis in lieu of Diet, ad. per Diem to be allowed.

Non-com-

For Horses quartered, xod. aq. per Diem to be paid for Hay and Straw.

So much of recited Act as relates to fumiffi-ing with Diet Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or recruiting, repealed

Non-commis-, fioned Officers and Soldiers to receive their Diet at the Rates prescribed on their March,

and for two Days after their

Small beer, at the Rates prescribed: And whereas the t^ccanon or marening and Quartering of Troops has increased, and may continue, and the Rules prescribed for furnishing Soldiers with Necessaries are, in c many Instances, become, from the high Price of Provisions, inadequate, and are productive of Distrefe

to such Innholders and others :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Non-commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall befurnished with Diet and Small Beer within the aforesaid Part of Great Britain, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Act, shall pay and allow for the same Ten-pence per Diem; and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like Manner as is directed in the said Act now in force touching the former Rates of Sixpence per Diem for the Cavalry and Four- pence per Diem (or the Infantry. 5

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders or other Persons on whom any missioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered, shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Act, furnish such Non-commi (fioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furmshing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates pteferibed by this Act, such Innholders or othei Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Article shall have been so supplied, shall receive, in Consideration thereof. Two-pence per Diem for each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier, instead of furnishing the same gratis, as required by the said Act; which Sum of Two-pence per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like Manner as is directed touching the Rates aforesaid, 9 w HH

further enacted, That the Sum to be pz*1 L L M 1L -

lging to his said Majesty's Forces m and Straw, shall be Ten-pence Halfpenny per Diem for each Horse, instead of Sixpence per Diem as directed in the said Act.

IV. And whereas the Provisions contained in the said recited Act, with respect to the Manner of diet- ingNon-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the Re- cruits by them raisedj have been productive of much Inconvenience, as well to the Troops as the Infl- holders ;* be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Manner of furnishing Non-com miffiotyed Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the Recruits by them raised, with Diet or other Provision, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

of the Horses belonging to his said Majesty's Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, f »r Hay

V. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may be billetted, at the Rates herein-before prescribed, while on the March, as also on and for the Day of their Arrival at the Place of their final Destination, and on the two subsequent Days, unless either of the two subsequent Days shall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers shall be billetted, or within the Distance of two Miles thereof, in which Case it shall and may be lawful for the Innholder, or other Person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furnish Arrival at their m l‘eu thereof the Articles in the said recited Act specified, and at the Rate herein-before prescribed.

Destination, units* a Market Day happens, from which Time the other Articles to be furnished in lieu.

VI. Provided always, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company, or Detachment, when on the March,

A Marc if. Non- shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinite Time, at any intermediate Place, the Non-commissioned

commi {Honed Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Per-

Officers and fons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such Time only for which they

Soldiers enticed woujj be entitled to recti ve the same after arriving at the Place of their final Destination, according to 10 Diet and thi- aa

Small Beer as HllS ACC.

after arriving at their Destination:

And if such

VII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company, or Halting be only Detachment, when on their March, shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders, that it is

ior a Day after 9 9

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 32, 33.

not intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company, or Detachment, shall halt for any longer Time than one intire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted, to discontinue, on such Market Day, the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any such Officers or Soldiers; but that all such Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid, upon such Market Day as aforesaid, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like Manner as they would have been entitled thereto if such Day had not been a Market Day; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. 1. *- v’; '

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men employed in recruiting, and the Recruits by themraised, shall, while on the March, and for two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the same Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March; but no Recruit enlisted after the two Days subsequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also nevertheless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a Time shall return to the same Place, they, and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Sntall Beer for such two Days as aforesaid, unless the Period between the Time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded twenty-eight Days.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance from the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to amend two Acts made in the twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the Performance of Quarantine; for punishing Persons acting contrary to any Order in Council, which may be made for laying any Embargo on Ships or Vessels, or for prohibiting or regulating the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glafc into this Kingdom \ for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise, for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be loft or destroy^d before the landing thereof; to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty, from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not pei> mitted by their Licences for permitting Wines put onboard any of His Majesty's Ships, to be removed from one Ship to another, without being first landed and ware-housed; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Wines delivered into the Charge of the CoU lector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs at the Port of Falmouth.

[5th April 1798.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine

and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the lf.es of G uernley, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; all Ships and Vessels arriving, and all Per-c Tons, Goods, and Merchandizes, whatsoever, coming or imported into any Port or Place within Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, from any Place, from

whence his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall judge it probable the Infection may be brought, are required to make their Quarantine in such Manner as directed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by his or their Orders, made in his or their Privy Coun-

cil, and notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, and under divers Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the said Act contained: And whereas by an Act, pafiedin the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act more effeki- ually to secure the Performance of Quarantine; and for amending federal Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs; further Provisions were made for Performance of Quarantine: And whereas it is necessary to make further Provisions, effectually to secure the due Performance of Quarantine;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prdent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Commander, Matter, or other Person, having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel liable to the Performance

38 Geo. III. 5 IT of

729

Arrival, and that be a Market Day, their Diet and Small Beer not to be dif. continued.

Recruiting Parties and Recruits on their March to be entitled to the same Benefits as Soldiers j under certain Restrictions.

Continuance of Act.]

26 Geo. 2. c. 6.

28 Geo. 3. c. 3 v

From Jan. t,

1799, every Commander of a Vessil, liable

73°

to Quarantine,

to hoist a Signal when he shall meet another Vessel, or be within four Leagues of the Co.ift of Great Britain, fee. on Penalty of zool.

From July j, 1798, Pilots conducing Vessels liable to Quarantine, into Places not specially appointed, to forfeit tool.

Offences may be tried, in any County of Great Britain, or in the Courts of Guernsey,

ice.

All Acts regarding Quarantine to extend to ail Diseases declared infectious by Proclamation, or by Publication in the Ga* tette,

(fences a^ainst any Order in Council, laying an Embargo on Vessels, or prohibiting or regulating the Exportation of Goods, may also be tried in any Court in Kircat Britain, or in Guernsey, fee.

C. 33. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

of Quarantine, shall, and is hereby required, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, at all Times when such Ship or Vessel shall meet with any other Ship or Vessel at Sea, or shall be within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain or or the Kies of Guernsey, Jer-

Jey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to hoist a Signal, as by the said recited Act is required, to denote that his Vessel is liable to the Peiformance of Quarantine \ which Signal shall be, in the Day- Time, a large yellow Flag of fix Breadths of Bunting, at the Main top-matt Head; and in the Night-time, a large Sigual Lantern, such as is commonly used on board his Majesty's Ships of War, with a Light at the same Malt-head; and such Commander, Matter, or other Person, shall keep the Signal hoisted, during such Time as the Ship or Vessel shall continue within Sight of such other Ship or Vessel, or within four Leagues of the said Coasts or islands, and until (he shall be legally discharged from the Performance of Quarantine; on Failure whereof, such Commander, Matter, or other Person, having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, so, liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall forfeit lor every Offence the Sum of two hundred Pounds., MM,

II. 1 And whereas, notwithstanding certain Places are by Law specially appointed for the Reception of

c Ships and Vessels diable to the Performance of Quarantine, it frequently happens that Pilots conduct Ships and Vessels, so liable to the Performance of Quarantine, into Places which are not specially appointed for the Reception of such Ships or Vesselsj’ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in case any Pilot shall bring or conduit, or cause to be brought and conduced, any Ship or Vessel liable to the Performance of Quarantine, into any Place which is not, or which shall not be specially appointed for the Reception of Shins and Vessels so liable to the Performance of Quarantine, unless compelled by Stress of Weather, adverse Winds, or Accidents of the Seas, such Pilot shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Offence committed contrary to or in Breach or Violation of the said recited Acts, or of this Act, or any Order or Orders of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, now or hereafter to be made, in his or their Privy Council, touching or respe&ing Quarantine, and notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, shall and may be tried, heard, and determined, in any County within Great Britain, or in the proper Courts of the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari, or

Man respectively.

IV. And whereas contagious Diseases or Distempers have raged, and may rage, in foreign Parts, which may not be deemed the Plague, and not within the Provisions contained in the said Acts, although the Communication of such Diseases or Distempers maybe highly injurious to this Kingdom, and it is there- fore expedient that the said recited Acts, and any other Act or Acts of Parliament, in any Way regarding the Performance of Quarantine, should be extended, and declared to extend, to such contagious Dif- eases or Distempers be it therefore enacted, I hat the said recited Acts, and all and every other Acts or Act of Parliament now in force, in any Way regarding the Performance of Quarantine, shall be extended, and the same are hereby declared to extend, to all such Diseases or Distempers, as his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall judge to be probably infectious, and shall so declare by Order in Council notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette; and all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained in the said recited Acts, and in all and every other Acts and Act of Parliament now in force regarding the Performance of Quarantine, shall be extended and applied, and are hereby declared to extend and apply, to such Diseases and Distempers respectively, in the same Manner as if each and every the Powers, Directions, Authorities, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in such Acts respectively contained, relating to the Disorder called The Plague were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, and applied to such other Diseases and

Distempers as aforesaid respectively. r K K

V. And whereas by the said recited Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is provided that every Offence contrary to or in Breach or V lolation of the said recited Acts of the twenty- sixth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, and the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or any Order or Orders of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to be made in his or their Privy Council, touching or respecting Quarantine, and notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, shall and may be tried, heard, and determined in any County within Great Britain, or in the proper Courts of the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari, or Man, respectively: And whereas it is expe- dierit that the like Provision should be extended to all Offences against any Order of his Majesty in Coun- cil, which his Majesty is by Law empowered to make, for laying any Embargo on any Ships or Vessels, 1 or prohibiting the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or regulating the same;’ be it enacted, That every Offence committed contrary to any Order or Orders of his Majesty irl Council, which his Majesty is by Law empowered to make, for laying any Embargo on any Ships or Vessels, or prohibiting or regulating the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, such Order or Orders being notified by Proclamation or published in the London Gazette, shall and may be tried, heard, and determined, in any Courts within Great Britain, or in the proper Courts of the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, respectively, notwithstanding such Oftences may have been committed at Sea, not within the Body of any County, or within the said Isles respectively; and any Persons or Person who shall be so tried and convicted of any such Offence, shall and may be punished for the same, by Fine and Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Court in which such Persons or Person shall be so tried and convicted; and the Notification of any such Order by such Proclamation or by such Publication in the London Gazette>

I

4

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

c. 33-

731

Gazette shall be deemed sufficient Notice of such Order to all Persons bound to obey the same; and upon any Trial for any such Offence, the Production of the London Gazette, containing any such Proclamation or Order, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Proclamation or Order.

VI. And whereas the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom has of late very much in-

J f /-v f im*«V / f Ua n Mrl f Ua so 1 H T' i*o/laia ka 1 Urt »*A^A\r a Pkof a r»na«» l^ilClC

called

__________, w _T ____ igdom for the Purpose of Exportation, shall be marked or stamped on the Outside thereof, in Roman Letters not less than four Inches in Length, with the Word Glass and in cale any such Glass shall be so imported or brought for Exportation, without having the outside Package thereof marked or stamped as aforesaid, such Glass, together with the Package, and all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, contained therein, shall be forfeited.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every Ship or Vessel in which any such Glass shall be imported into this Kingdom, or brought for the Purpose of Exportation, shall, in the Report of his Ship’s Cargo, express every Package or Packages in which such Glass shall be contained, as containing Glass; and in case any Package shall be found on board such Ship or Vessel containing such Glass, the Contents of which shall not have been reported as Glass, such Package, together with the Glass, shall be forfeited, and the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit one hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Glass shall be imported into this Kingdom, or brought

Purpose of Exportation, in any Package whatever, which shall not contain five hundred Weight nett at least of such Glass, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof: Provided always, that this Act shall not extend to forfeit any Plate or Plates of Glass being of the Length of sixty Inches or upwards, on account of the same not being imported, or brought in Packages maiked and described as

aforesaid., to Plates

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as the same relates to the Importation of Glass, shall commence and take Effcdl at the Expiration of six Calendar Months after the parting thereof.

X. And whereas it is expedient to permit Coffee and Cocoa warehoused, on Importation in one Port c of England, to be removed to some other Port thereof, for the greater Convenience of Exportation,’ be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his c-----

more of them, (provided they fee no reasonable Objection thereto,) to gi

of such Coffee and Cocoa from the Port of Importation as aforesaid, to any other Port in England, for the Purpose of exporting the same accordingly, under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the said Commissioners, or any four or more of them, shall think fit and proper to require, for the Security of the Revenue.

Packages containing un-framed Glass imported, to be marked " Glass," on Penalty of forfeiture.

into' the same for the

Matters of Veta feh to report every Package in which such. Glass Hiatt be imported, onPe-nalty of its Forfeiture, and100L

Such Glass imported in Packages not containing 5 Cwt. forfeited; but not to extend 6o Inches long.

Commencement of Act respecting Glass-

Commissioners of the Costoms may permit warehoused Coffee and Cocoa to be removed from the Port importation to another Port, in order to the same being exported.

v’s Customs, or any Permission for the R

XI. And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the Repayment, under certain Circumstances, of the Duties of Customs which have been or may be paid on Goods imported into this f Kingdom, and which have been or may be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof;* be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases where Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be lost or destroyed by unavoidable Accident, after the Duties of Customs have been or may be paid for the same, and previous to the Landing thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, in England, for the Time being, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for the Time being, and they are hereby required to return, in such Manner as they shall respectively judge expedient, the Amount of the said Duties which shall have been paid before the passing of this Act, or may be paid at any Time subsequent thereunto, to the Importers or Proprietors of such Goods; provided Proof shall be made, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners respectively, that such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, were lost or destroyed by unavoidable Accident, and not from any Want of due Care or Precaution on the Part of the Proprietor, or his or her Agent, after the same were imported into and before the same were landed in Great Britain; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstandine.

Commissioners of the Customs may return Duties on Goods lottor destroyed before landing, on Proof that it was by unavoid-

able Acadmi.

I

therein, it is amongst other Things enacted f, that in case any of the Vessels therein described shall be found beyond the Limits prescribed in the Licences granted by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Admiralty, for the Time being, such Vessels shall and may be seized and proie- cuted in the like Manner as the same might be or would have been in case of no Licence having been pro- cured: And whereas the said Act docs not extend to Cases where a Vessel or Boat is found within the Limits of her Licence, although engaged for or used in a Trade or Employment not permitted or sanctioned by such Licence;* be it enacted, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in case any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for which there shall have been obtained from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty, for the Time being, a Licence, limiting or confining the Navi-

Hr " 5 B 2 gadon

-7 Geo. j. c. 32. recited.

S<Jf. 2. c. 47.

t § s-

From July r, 1798, any Cut-ter, &c. for which Licence shall have been obtained from

732

the Admiralty, tiftrd in any ot her Trade than that for which l.censed, may be felled.

Cutters, &c. seized, miy be disposed of, as directed by 27 Geo. 3. c. 32.

The Sea Stock of Liquors of Officers of the Navy, may be removed from one Ship to another, Duty free. c. 4S.

Drawback on Wines in Forts enumerated in 33 Geo. 3. c. 48. to extend to Wines delivered into the Charge of the Colkdlor and Comptroller of the Customs at Falmouth. Recovery and Disposal of Forfeitures.

r. 7/5. and fee 3 7 Geo. 3.

C. 33j 34,35. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

gation of such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to any particular Trade or Employment, and such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be engaged for or used in any other Trade or Employment whatever within the Date of the Licence, such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall and may be seized and prosecuted in the same Manner as she might or would have been in case of no Licence having been procured for her.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, and all and every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall be seized by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act1, shall be disposed of, and the Produce thereof applied, in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Rules, Regulations, and ReHri<Stions, as Vessels and Boats forfeited by the said hereinbefore recited Act are directed to be disposed of, and the Produce thereof applied.

XIV. And whereas it is expedient that Wines which have been put on Board any of his Majesty's c Ships for the Use of any Admirals, Captains* or Commission Officers, under the Authority of an Act 1 passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign *, should be allowed to be removed from one Ship to another without such Wines being first landed and warehoused be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Admiral, Captain* or other Commissioned Officer, Hull be desirous of removing his Sea Stock of Liquors from one Ship to another, the proper Officers of the Customs shall, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them, permit the same to be transhipped accordingly, without Payment of any Duty whatever, under the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are provided for the transhipping of Liquors by the said recited Act.

XV. And whereas it is expedient that the Drawback allowed by the said recited Act should be extended

to the Allowance of the Drawback on Wines in any of the Poits therein enumerated, shall be and the same is hereby extended to Wines delivered into the Charge of the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs at the Port of Falmouth, in the same Manner and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the said Port of Falmouth had been enumerated in the said recited Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures created and incurred by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Forfeitures incurred for any Offence against the Laws of the Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act, shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures, as they are now by Law entitled to upon Profecucions of Seizures for unlawful Importation.

CAP. xxxiv.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, for better securing his Majesty's Batteries and other Works in the Counties of Kent and Devon, and to certain Owners and Occupiers of Lands who have sustained any Lois or Damage in consequence of the said Act.

[5th April 1798.]

CAP. XXXV.

mining the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the IFcfl Indies, until the twenty-fourth Day oijune one thousand eight hundred and two;

to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the

he above a certain Limit, until the twenty-fourth Day of une one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the further Support and Encouragement of the

rilheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth Day of De-

cember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one; and so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time, until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[5th April 1798.]

2p Geo. II. Cap. 15. continued till June 24, 1799. § ! So much of 17 Geo. III. Cap. 43. as permits the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay to the West Indies continued till June 24, 1802. §2. 3s Geo. III.

733

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 35, 36, 37.

Cap. 117. continued till June 24, >799. §3* Geo. III. Cap. 41. and so much of zq Geo. III. Cap. 53. as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland, Seas and Davis’s Streights, continued till Dec. 25, 1799- §4. 23 Geo. III. Cap. 77. continued till June 24, 1799* §5- So much of 27 Geo. III.

Cap. 31. as diredis the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke’s Hydrometer, continued till June i, 1801. } 6. So much of 3 5 Geo. III. Cap. 114. as was to have Continuance till ^0/7 5, 1797, further continued till 5, *799-§ 7."

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty (half suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government.

[21st April 1798.]

WHEREAS his Majesty's Enemies are making Preparations with considerable and increasing A$ivity for the Invasion of his Majesty's Dominions: And whereas these Designs are encou- raged by the traitorous Practices of wicked and difalFedted Perfoais within this Realm Therefore, for the better Preservation of his Majesty's sacred Person, and for securing the Peace and the Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cor.sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person or Persons that are or shall be in Prison within the Kingdom of Great Britain at or upon the Day on which this Act shall receive his Majesty's Royal Assent, or after, by Warrant of his said Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council, for High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, or by Warrant, signed by any of his Majesty's Secretaries of State, for such causes as aforesaid, may be detained in safe Custody, without Bail.or Mainprize, uncil the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that no Judge or Justice of the Peace shall bail or try any such Person or Persons so committed, without Order from his said Majesty's Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council, till the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act made in Scotland in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, (intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Frials,) in so far as the same may be construed to relate to Cases of Treason and Suspicion of Treason, be suspended until the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that until the said Day no Judge, Justice of Peace, or other Officer of the Law in Scotland, shall liberate, try, or admit to Bail any Person or Persons that is, are, or shall be, in Prison within Scotland, for fdch causes as aforesaid, without Order from his said Majesty's Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council.

III. Provided always. That, from and after the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the said Persons so committed shall have the Benefit and Advantage of all Laws and Statutes any Way relating to or providing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realm; and that this present Act shall continue until the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer. viding for the Liberty of

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient Rights and Privileges of Parliament, or to the Imprisonment or Detaining of any Member of either House of Parliament during the Sitting of such Parliament, until the Matter of which he (lands suspected be first communicated‘to the House of which he is a Member, and the Consent of the said House obtained for his Commitment or Detaining.

V. Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons in Prison at the Time of passing this Act, against whom any Bill or Bills of Indictment for High Treason have been already found, shall and may be tried on the said Indictment, as if this Act had never passed.

Persons who are* or shall he imprisoned for High Treason, &c. may be detained till Feb-I, 1799, &c.

Act in Scotland of 1701, for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, so lar as may relate to Treason, &c. suspended till Feb. 1, 1799,&c.

From Feb. i, 1799, Persons so* committed to have the Benefit of all Laws pro-the Subject, &c.

Privileges of Parliament not invalidated by this Act.

CAP. XXXVII.

Persons against whom Indidl. me ms for High< 'I reason are already found 10

tried t he rcoup

An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions byWay of Annuities.,

Most gracious Sovereign,

May

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that the Sum of seventeen Millions be raised by 4 Annuities, in Manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacteds fcfr*.

"Every

734

©ricr In Council, dated Aug. 6, 1794}

and Order In Council, dated March 30, 179S, recited.

Proceedings under the said Orders upon

C. 37, 38. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

K Every Contributor of 100l. to be entitled to a Principal of 150l. in the 3 per Cent. Consols; to commence from Jan. 5, 179S, with a Principal of 50l. in the 3 per Cent. Reduced; and an Annuity of 4s. nd. for 44 61 Years and 9 Months, both to commence from/for/7 5, 179$. Contributors who have made Deposits at the Bank to pay the Remainder of Subscriptions by instalments. Exchequer Bills made out pursuant to 37 Geo. III. Cap. 10. not exceeding 491,500l. &c. or pursuant to 37 Geo. III. Cap. 144. not exceeding 44 500,000l. to be received as Cash. Contributors possessed of Exchequer Bills issued under Cap. 20. of this Session, and contained in Schedules annexed to this Act, may pay the same on Account of certain instalments specified, &c. Guardians may subscribe for Infants. Discount to be allowed on Payment of the Whole of the Subscriptions in Advance. Contributors entitled to certain Annuities, which shall be " paid half yearly, but not till Subscriptions are completed. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, they may be transferred. Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions as herein specified, to be entitled to Annuities at certain Periods. Annuities payable and transferable at the Bank. Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant General, and the Treasury to order Money to be issued to the Cashier for Payment of the Annuities. Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may be assigned before Ofl 22, 1798. Cashier to give Security for paying the Money he receives into the Exchequer. A Book to be kept in the Accountant General's Office, for entering Contributors Names, a Duplicate whereof to be transmitted to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions, entitled to Annuities Tax free. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, to be forfeited. Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate. Treasury may apply the Money paid into the Exchequer. Accountant General to keep Books for entering Transfers. Stock may be devised." Transfers not liable to Stamp Duties. Treasury may defray incidental Expences out of Contributions, and allow Salaries to the Cashier and Accountant General. The 3 /. per Cent. Conlols. under this Act to be added to the Joint Stock of 3l. per Cent. Consols.: The 3l. per Cent. Reduced to be added to the Joint Stock of 3l. u per Cent. Reduced. Annuities of 4*. 1 id. to be added to the Joint Annuities granted for 99 and 98 Years. 44 Annuities granted by this Act, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund. Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions,^, guilty of Felony without Clergy. Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease. No Fee to be taken for receiving Contributions, or paying or transferring Annui-4< ties, on Penalty of 20l. Bank may retain, by three equal Portions out of the Payments to be made in July^August^aw^ September, the 3,000,000l. advanced on Exchequer Bills issued under Cap. 8. of this Session. Persons sued may plead the General Issue. Treble Costs.", \W1

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for declaring the Validity of two Orders in Council, dated the sixth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the thirtieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize causes; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted afeer such Time shall have elapsed, in such special causes as His Majesty, by any Order in Council, shall authorize.

[7th May 1798.]

WHEREAS an Order was made on the sixth Day of Angiift one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, by his Majesty in Council, in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

"Whereas, in many of his Majesty's Vice Admiralty Courts in the West Indies, Sentences of Condemnation have passed against Ships and Goods belonging to the Subjects of the United States of America: And whereas, from Ignorance of the Rules respecting the Times for appealing, or from Inability to find the

+Security required, or from other just and reasonable Impediments, the Claimants have been prevented from duly entering and prosecuting their Appeals from the said Sentences: And whereas, it has been represented to his Majesty on their Behalf, that they are desirous of entering and prosecuting the same, his Majesty is thereupon pleased, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order, and it is hereby ordered, that the said Parties shall be admitted to their respective Appeals, notwithstanding the ordinary Time for entering and prosecuting the same may be elapsed, provided the same are entered and prosecuted

within a reasonable Time, to be approved by the Lords Commissioners of Appeals in Prize causes:"

And whereas Doubts have been lately entertained respecting the Validity of the said Order: And whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed: And whereas an Order was made by his Majesty in Council on the thirtieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, declaring,

that it was his Royal Intention in the former Order that Appeals from Sentences given in the Vice Admiralty

Courts of Bermuda and the Babatna islands, should be permitted under the Authority thereof, and that Parties

complaining of Sentences given in those Courts should be entitled to the full Benefit of the said Order;’

be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Orders, and all Proceedings duly had or to be had, according to

and under the Authority of the said Orders, upon Appeals from Sentences given in the Vice-Admiralty

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 735

Appeals from

Sentences in tht West Indies, or the Bermuda or Bahama 1 Hand 3, to be valid j but in Appeals permitted under them, after the ordinary Time* of appealing, where the Prizes have been distributed previous to Publication of former. Order, &c. the Captors not compellable to make Compensation, Scc.

peals may be taken out within jz Months after Date of Decrees.

Courts in the West Indies, or in the Bermuda or Bahama JJlands, shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, ?nd to have been respectively legal and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes: Provided nevertheless, that in all Cases in which Appeals shall have been permitted, under the Authority of the said Orders, or shall hereafter be permitted under the Authority thereof, or of this Act, to be interposed after the ordinary Time or Times of appealing, as the same were established by Law previous to the said Orders, had been or shall be ehpfed, and in which it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals in Prize causes, appointed or to be appointed, that Distribution of the Proceeds of the Prize to which the Appeal relates had been made before Publication of the said former Order, and Notice of an intended Application for an Appeal, under the Authority of the same, was duly given to the Captors, the said Captors shall not be compelled or compellable, by virtue of the said Orders or of this Act, to make any Compensation to the Claimants in case the Sentences or Decrees of Condemnation shall be reversed or varied; but it shall be competent to such Captors, in all such Cases respectively to plead and prove, by Affidavits or otherwise as shall be allowed by the Court, such Distribution, in bar of any Monition to bring in the Proceeds of the Prize, or of any other Proceeding which may be had to compel them to satisfy the Claimants after such Reversal or Variation of such Sentence or Decree; and such Proof being so made shall be and be allowed to be an effectual Bar accordingly.

II. And whereas it is found expedient that the Space of twelve Months, being the Space of Time allowed In cause* c by the Civil Law, and by the general Law of Nations for that Purpose, should be generally allowed for the Prosecution of Appeals in all Cases of Prize causesbe it therefore further enacted, notwithstanding any Law to the contrary, That it shall and may be lawful in all causes of Prize, where a Sentence or Decree has been given, or shall hereafter be given, to or for all Persons interested, whether Parties or not in the ft; ft Instance, and in whatever Court the Sentence or Decree has been given or shall be given, to take out an Inhibition and prosecute an Appeal within twelve Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of the Date of such Sentence or Decree appealed from: Provided nevertheless, that in all Cases where Sentences and Decrees have already been given or pronounced, and in which no Appeal having been interposed by any Person who was a Party in the Hrft instance, within nine Months from the Date of the Sentence or Decree, nor any Notice given of such Appeal, a Distribution of the Proceeds had taken place, the Captors shall not be compelled or compellable to make Compensation to the Claimants, in case the said Sentences or Decrees of Condemnation shall be reversed or varied, on the said Captors giving Proof, to be allowed as aforesaid, of the Distribution of the Proceeds having been made, which shall be an effectual Bar to the said Claimants as hereinbefore enabled.

III. And whereas it is expedient that in special Cases the Time of appealing from such Sentences or

Decrees should be further enlarged ;* be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or their Order or Orders in Council, in such special causes of Prize as in such Order or Orders respectively shall be mentioned, may authorize, and shall have full Power to authorize, any Persons interested, whether Parties or not Parties in the first Instance, in such causes, and in whatever Court the Sentence or Decree shall have been given or pronounced before the passing of this Act, or shall hereafter be given or pronounced, to take out an Inhibition and prosecute an Appeal at any Time; notwithstanding such Space of twelve Months as aforesaid shall have previously expired: Provided nevertheless, that in all Cases in which his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, by such Order, give such Authority as aforesaid, and in which it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals in Prize causes, that Distribution has been made of the Proceeds of the Prizes at or after the Time or Times when the Right of appealing would have been barred if no such Order had been made, and before Notice of such Order duly given to the Captors, the said Captors duly conforming to the Regulations herein after required, the same shall be an effectual Bar to their making Compensation to the Claimants as hereinbefore enacted. (

But where Decrees have been already given, and no Appeal interposed within nine Months, Sec the Captors not compellable to make Corn-pen fation, &c.

His Majesty in Council may authorize Inhibition to prosecute Appeals to be taken out after Expiration of iz Months; but if it shall appear that Distribution of Prizes had been made at or after the Time of appealing would have been barred. Sec. the Captors not liable to make Compensation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all such special Cases in which his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall authorize any Persons interested to appeal from any Sentence or Decree after the Space of twelve Months shall have elapsed from the Date of such Sentence or Decree, and after a Distribution of the pClaJSj Proceeds has been made, the Captors, being required by the Claimants, shall deliver over, within rea- tors,! sonable Time, a true Copy of the Account of Sales, and of all Proceedings had under the Authority of the fition Sentence or Decree of the Court below, to his Majesty's Procurator General, who is hereby authorized and required to defend the said Appeals in all such cases, and in such Manner as his Majesty's Advocate General shall direct; and in case the Captors shall neglect or refuse to deliver over such Copy, within a* &c t( reasonable Time, as aforesaid, or to obey such further Order as the Lords Commissioners of Appeals in King’ Prize causes may deem necessary to make for the Furtherance of Justice, they shall forfeit all Claim to rator< any Benefit or Discharge under the Provisions of this Act, and be liable to be proceeded against in such ho11 Manner as if the Appeal had been duly entered within twelve Months from the Time of such Sentence or !,c Decree in the Court below, '. wfin

73&

C. 39, 40. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island <5/New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations

and Restrictions,

May

a? Geo. 3-e. 27.

w

Any Good s of European Ma-tnifaAure may be exported in British Vessels owned and

as also any Goo^s legally imported into any of those Islands from any Colony in

the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island 0^ Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nallau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, it is amongst other Things enacted, that no Goods or Commodities whatever of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, or the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall, upon any Pretence whatever, be exported from the Islands -of Grenada or Dominica, or from the Bahama Islands, to any other British Colony or Plantation in America or the West Indies, upon Pain of the Forfeiture in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it

is expedient, that Goods and Commodities of the Manufacture of Europe should be permuted to be exported from the said Islands, to any British Colony or Plantation in America or the West Indies be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to export, in any British Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law, from the Islands of Grenada, Dominica, Antigua, and Trinidad, or from the Bahama Islands, to any British Colony or Plantation in America ox the West Indies, any Goods or Commodities whatever of the Manufacture of Europe; any Thing in the said Act, or any other Act, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

navigated according to Law, from Grenada, See, to any British Colony in America or the West Indies;

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful to export in British Ships, owned and* navigated according to Law, from the Islands of Grenada, Dominica, Jamaica, Antigua, and Trinidad or from the Bahama Islands, to any Britislo Colony or Plantation in America or the West Indies, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been legally imported into any of the said Islands of Grenada, Dominica, Jamaica, Antigua, Trinidad, or the Bahama Islands, from any of the Colonies or America, be- Plantations in America belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European-Sovereign or Suite.

longing to any foreign European State.

in case of

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Doubt shall arise whether such Goods,

I)Xtbtoft?*’*iC" Wares, or Merchandize, intended to be so exported, shall have been legally imported into the said Islands of perution to be Grenada, Dominica, Jamaica, Antigua, or Trinidad, or into the Bahama Islands ref;>e£tively, the Legality proved before of such Importation shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Comptroller, or other Exportation of Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, before such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Coeds. shall be suffered to be shipped for Exportation.

CAP. XL.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof.

[V froth May 1798.]

c Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the charging separately the several Rates and Duties payable upon Houses, Windows, or.Lights, and upon Inhabited Houses, and the additional Rates upon the Amount thereof, has been found inconvenient; and it is expedient that the said several Rates and Duties, and also the Duties on c Clocks and Watches, should be repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof:’ We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and From April 5, with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament 3798, in Eng- assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven

land, and the hundred and ninety-eight, in that Part of Great Britain called England*\ and from and after the Term of

5 *1 -. Ifliitfunduy

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. 737

Term of Whit-

sunday 1793, in Scotland, the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights* granted by 6 Geo. 3. c. 38. 24 GEO. 3. c. 38. and 37 Geo. 3. c. 105 and on Houses, by 19000.3. c. 59. and the additional Duties upon the Amount thereof, and the Duties on Clocks

JEhitfunday one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, all Und singular the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights respectively granted by the several Acts made in the sixth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also the Rates and Duties upon Inhabited Houses, granted by an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also the additional Rates and Duties charged by several Acts upon the Amount of the said Rates and Duties* and also the Rates and Duties on Clogks and Watches, granted by an Act of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall severally cease and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the demanding, recovering, receiving, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the said fifth Day of Ipril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the Term of Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in England and Scotland respectively, remain unpaid, or any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the Term ot Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, respectively as aforesaid; save also and except the additional Rates and Duties granted by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, [c. 16.J intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War

and Watches, granted by 37 Geo. 3. c. 108. to cease

II. And be it further enacted, That*from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and in lieu and ninety-eight, in England, and from and after the Term of Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and aiinety-eight, in Scotland, in lieu and indead of the said Rates and Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be assessed, raised, levied, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Houses,

Windows, and Lights, and upon Inhabited Houses, the several Rates and Duties respectively infer ted, described, and let forth in the several Schedules marked A. and B. hereunto annexed; which several Schedules, and the Rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the same were incorporated therewith.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act in England,

shall be in Force for one whole Year, from the fifth Day of April in the Year in which the same shall be made; and every such Assessment to be made in Scotland, shall be in Force for one whole Year, from the Term of Whifunday in the Year in which the same shall be made; and the Duties to be levied upon any such Assessments to be made in England and Scotland respectively, shall be charged upon the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being of Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, in respect whereof the said Duties shall be charged, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators: Provided always, that in all Cases where the Rates and Duties by this Act repealed, are directed to be paid by the Landlord or Landlords of any House or Tenement, in such Case the said Landlord or Landlords shall be liable to the Duties hereby granted in like Manner.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties, hereby directed to be charged on the Occupier or Occupiers of Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, shall be levied upon, and paid by the Occupier or Occupiers for the Fime being, without any new Assessment for that Year, notwithstanding any Change in the Occupation of any of such Houses, Cottages, or Tenements.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Rate or Duty shall be levied by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Cottage or Tenement containing not more than fix Windows or Lights in the Whole, the Occupier or Occupiers whereof, by reason of his, her, or their Poverty only, and not for any other Cause, is or are exempted from the actual Payment of the usual Faxes, Assessments, and Contributions, towards the Church and Poor.

thereof, the Duties in the annexed Schedules to be levied.

Assessments to be made fora Year and charged upon the Occupier;.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Chamber or Apartment, in any of the Inns of Court or of Chancery, or in any College or Hall in any of the Universities of Great Britain, or in any Hall or Office belonging to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Public Hospital, being severally in the Tenure and Occupation of any Person or Persons chargeable to the said Rates and Duties, containing eight Windows or Lights, or under, shall be charged thereto ct the Rate of two Shillings for every such Window or Light; and every such Charnber or Apartment, which shall contain more than eight Windows or Lights, shall be subject to the Duties granted by this Act as if the same was an entire

House.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to subject any Hospital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, to the Payment of the Rate or Duty imposed by this Act, except such Apartments therein as are or may be occupied by the Officers or Servants thereof, which shall be subject to the same Duty (according to the Number of Windows in each) as other Inhabited Houses are by this Act

subject to.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the said Duty any Room licensed as a Chapel for the sof Divine Worship, and uled for no other Purpose whatsoever; nor to any Windows or Lights in Dairies, or other Rooms or Places described arrd exempted from the Duties hereby repealed, by an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of

38 Geo. III. 5 C his

Land lor 1$ to be liable to Duties where th-y paid them under the former Acts.

Occupiers for the Time being to pay Assessments.

No Duty to be paid for Tenements containing not more than fix Win- clows, if the

Occupiers are exempted, on Account of Fovcrty, from the Poor lUtcc

Apartments in Jrns of Court, containing eight Wirdows, or under, to be charged as. per Window; and above that Number, as an entire House.

in Hospitals, &c. only the Apartments occupied by Officers or Servants, subject to Duty.

Duty not to be charged on

licensed Chapels; nor on, Dairies, &c.

exempted, by 3 b. y c. 117.

738

C. 40.

tricesimo

A.D. 1

The Duties to be paid quarterly in England, and half-yearly in Scotland, on the Days specified.

his nrefent Majesty, intituled, An Act to exempt Dairies, and Rooms u/edfolely for making, keeping, and drying

Chlfe and Butter, from the Duties on Windows and Lights.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted shall, in that

Part of Great Britain called England, be paid quarterly, on the Days hereinaftermentioned; that is to say,

On the twentieth Day of June for the Quarter commencing from the filth Day of Aprd and ending on the fifth Dav of July, the twentieth Day of September for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of July

and ending on the tenth Day of October, the twentieth Day of the Quarter commencing from the tenth Day of October and ending on the fifth Day of January, and the twentieth Day of March for the

Quarter commencing on the fifth Day of January and ending on the fifth Day of Apr, I, in every Year;

the first Payment thereof to be made on the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eiehr And in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, half-yearly; that is to say. On or before the twenty-ninth Dav of September, for the Half Year commencing from the I ermof IVhttJmday and ending

at the Term of Martinmas in the firne Year and on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, for the Half-

Year commencing from the Term of Martinmas and ending at the i erm of IVmtJunday next ensuing; the

first Payment thereupon to be made on the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and

Tft it further enacted, That no Window or Light which shall be stopped up after the passing of this Act in any such I) welling-house, shall be deemed to be stopped up within the Meaning of this A a,

unless such Window or Light shall be stopped up effbaually with Stone or Brick, or with the same Kind of Materials whereof that Halt of the outside Walls of such Dwelling-house in wh.ch such Window or Light

shall be, doth chiefly consist.

as the outside Walls.

Window, in

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to ex-Roofstoheftop- to any \y in jovv or Light in the Roof of any Dwelling-house, which shall be stopped up effectually with ped With Mate- M t j of the like Nature of which the Outside of the Roof shall chiefly consist.

Nature as the outside Roof.

No Window to be detnied stopped up, unless it be with Stone or Brick, or the same Materials

No new Window to be made, nor any stop-ped-upon e to be restored, or nny to be stopped up, without

previous Notice to the Surveyor, on Penalty of 10I per Window.

Surveyor to

certifvWindows

made or restored, and what the Parties have been under-rated in the Assessment, to the Commissioners,

who shall cause the Assessment to be rectified.

Amended Assessments may he appealed against.

No Appeal, nor Abatement of Duties, to be allowed for Windows stopped up, unless proved to have

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Window or Light shall be newly made in any Dwelling-house, or Office belonging thereto, in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is hereby granted, nor shall any such Window or Light which shall have been stopped up at the Time when the Assessment in respect of such Dwelling-house shall be made for the then current Year, be restored, nor shall any such Window or Light be stopped up, without, in each of the cases, six Days’ previous Notice thereof in Writing, being given by the Occupier or Occupiers of such Dwelling-house, to the Surveyor or Inspector of the said Rates or Duties, or one of them, for the Place in which the Assessment was made, deferring therein the particular Situation of every such Window or Light in such Dwelling-house, and the Number of such Windows or Lights, if more than one, so to be made or restored; on Pain that the Occupier or Occupiers of such Dwelling-house so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds for every Window or Light so newly made, restored, or stopped up, as aforesaid, to be recovered as by this A a is directed, and which shall be paid over and above any Rate or Duty payable in respect of such Dwell-

1,1 XIII! CAnd be it further enacted, That in case any Surveyor or Inspector of the Rates or Duties hereby granted, shall receive any such Notice as aforesaid, or shall otherwise find or discover that any Window or Light in any such Dwelling-house, liable to the said Rates or Duties, hath been newly made or restored as aforesaid, which Window or Light hath not been charged in the Assessment for that Year, then such Surveyor or Inspector shall, and he is hereby required to certify the same in Writing under his Hand, by way of Charge, to any two or more of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and shall llate in such Certificate to what Amount the Person or Persons liable to such Rate or Duty hath or have been underrated in the Assessment for that Year and thereupon the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall cause such Assessment to be redifted according to such Certificate, and the Rates and Duties so to be charged, shall be levied thereon from the Commencement of the Year in which such Window or Light shall be made or restored, as if such Window or Light had been originally included in such Assessment: Provided always, that every such Assessment, when amended, shall be liable to be appealed against in such Manner as if the same had been originally so made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Assessment shall be subject to Appeal, nor aay Abatement of the Duties allowed, by reason of any Windows or Lights being stopped up, unless it shall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for executing this Act, that the same Windows or Lights were respectively stopped up previous to the fifth of April next before the making the said Assessment, if m England, or if in Scotland, that the same Windows or Lights were respectively stopped up previous to the Term oU^hti-Junday the said

been stopped up previous to April 5, or the Whitsunday preceding the Assessment

Commissioners of the Land Tax, and the

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons named or appointed to be Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting on Aid

5

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georg i i III. C. 40.

to his Majesty by a Land fax, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty or who shall hereafter be named or appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution any other Act or Acts of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, or any Act of the present or any future Session for continuing the same, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, and the Powers herein contained, in all and every the Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and the several Surveyors and Inspectors, Assessors and Collectors, respectively appointed to put in Execution any of the said Acts relative to the said Rates or Duties hereby repealed, and the several Persons who shall be hereafter appointed Inspectors, Surveyors, Assess'ors, or Collectors respectively, by virtue of the Powers contained in the several Acts of Parliament now in Force relative to the said Rates and Duties hereby repealed, (and which Powers are hereby declared to continue in Force for the Purposes of this Act,) or by virtue of the Powers contained in this Act, or any other Act passed or to be passed in this present Session of Parliament, shall be Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution the present Act with relation to the Duties hereby granted, according to the Powers given to them respectively by the said Acts, or any of them, (and not hereby altered,) or by this Act; and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons qualified to ad in the Execution of any of the said Acts, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to, do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby granted as before mentioned, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorized to put in Execution the said Acts relative to the said Rates and Duties hereby repealed, or any Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That within the Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, the Appointment of Collectors of the Rates and Duties hereby granted, shall belong wholly to such of the Commissioners for executing this Act, who shall reside in the Parishes for which such Collectors respectively are to be appointed, in case there shall be two or more Commissioners there resident, and no other Commissioners shall in such Case interfere; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and residing within the respective Parishes as aforesaid, to appoint such Persons to be Collectors, who shall have given Security to the Satisfaction of the Churchwardens and Overseers, or Guardians of the Poor, or any two or more of them, or any seven or more of the Vestry, where a feled Vestry shall be appointed as aforesaid, and who shall be thought by the said Commissioners to be of Ability to execute the Office of Collector; and that in Default of appointing such Persons who shall have given such Security, then the said Commissioners residing as aforesaid, shall name such Persons as they shall think of Ability to execute the said Office: Provided always, that where two or more Commissioners shall not be resident in any Parish for which Collectors are to be appointed, then a Commissioner or Commissioners residing in any adjacent Parish, may concur in the Appointment of such Collectors.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, shall severally and respectively be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed and appointed by any Act or Acts now in Force, for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and upon Inhabited Houses, hereby repealed, or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as far as the same were in Force at and immediately before the Time of passing this Act, and are applicable to the several and respective Rates and Duties hereby granted, or any of them, and are not altered by this Act; except all Clauses of Exemption as are contained in any of the said Acts of the sixth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-seventh Years of his present Majesty, fur granting any of the Rates or Duties on Windows or Lights, hereby repealed; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in any Act or Acts in relation to the said respective Rates or Duties hereby repealed, or any of them, and in Forceatand immediately before the passing of this Act; or in any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Rates and Duties hereby repealed, or any other the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, (except such Clauses of Exemption as aforesaid,) shall be in full Force, and be severally and respectively duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, (except as aforesaid,) were particularly repeated and rc-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if in any Parish or Place in England, any Failure shall happen in the Appointment of the Assessor or Assessors to take upon him or themselves the Execution of this Act, on or before the thirtieth Day of April in any Year, or in the Appointment of a Collector or Collectors to take upon him or themselves the Execution of this Act, on or before the thirtieth Day of May in any Year, it shall and may be lawful for any two Tuft ices of the Peace of the County or Riding in which such Parish or Place shall be situate, and they, on Notice of such Default from the Surveyor or Inspector of the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, are strictly enjoined and required to appoint an Assessor or Assessors, or a Collector or Collectors, as the Ca(e may require, from the Inhabitants of such Parish or Place, or such other Person or Persons as might by any Law now in Force be appointed Assessors and Collectors for such Parish

739

Surveyors, Assessors, and Collectors, appointed under the Acts relative to the Rates hereby repealed, or hereafter to be appointed, to put thisACb in Execution.

Within the Bills of Mortality, St. Mary-le-bone, and Pancras, the Appointment of Collectors to belong to the resident Commissioners, Sec* who may appoint such Persons as have given Security.

Duties to by assessed and collected as former Duties and others under the Management of the Commissioners of Taxes, Uc.

In any Place where Assessors or Collectors arc

not appointed,

any two Jwf-

ticcs, on Notice of such Default from the Surveyor, may appoint them.

740

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Persons neglecting to obey the Precept of the Justices, or to take upon them the Office of Assessor or Collector, &c. to forfeit xol.

If two Commissioners do rot meet, one with a Justice, or if none should meet, two juf-tiecs, may act,

if Collectors do not demand Duties, or if they neglect Ao execute Warrants for Recovery of them within a limited Time, the Fa-rish to be ao-fwerable for the same.

No Collector to insert in any Schedule to be returned into the Exchequer any Person a s a Defaulter, un-Ufs he make Oath of certain Particulars.

Arrears of Da t.es to be re. aiT.fled upon Hte L'&rish.

or Place where such Default shall happen, and for that Purpose shall issue their joint Precepts to such and f > many of the said Inhabitants, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, as they shall think necessary, to appear before the said Justices, for the Purpose of taking upon themselves the said respective Offices; and if any Person on whom the Precept of such Justices shall be served, shall neglect to appear according to the Precept, or any Person appointed or to be appointed, either by the Commissioners for executing this Act, or the Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to be an Assessor or Collector of the Duties by this Act granted, shall wilfully neglect or refute to take upon himself the Office of an Assessor or Collector, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform his Duty in the due and speedy Execution of his Office, according to this Act, or if any Person so appointed to be an A fie (Tor shall neglect or refuse to take the Oath by this Act directed to be takeri by Assessors, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if in any County, Riding, or Place in England, or in any Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, or Ward, in such County, Riding, or Place, two or more Commissioners shall not have attended, or shall not attend at any Meeting appointed to be held, or which ought to be held in pursuance of the Directions contained in any Act hereby declared to be in Force, in relation to the Duties granted by this Act, or any Act of the present Session of Parliament, or this Act, or shall not have met, or shall not meet, to execute in any Particular this Act, or any other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, within the Time limited by the Laws in Force in relation to the Duties granted by this Act, it shall be lawful for any one Commissioner, together with any or.e or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Place, or (if no Commissioner shall have so attended or mer, or if no Commissioner shall so attend or meet) for any two or more such Justices of the Peace, to do all Acts, Matters, and Things, which are by this Act, or any Act or Acts in Force, directed to be done by Commissioners at their General Meetings, or at their Meetings within their respective Hundreds, Rapes* Lathes, Wapentakes, or Wards; and all such Justices of the Peace, being duly warned of such Default by any Inspector, Surveyor, Collector, or Assessor of the said Rates and Duties, shall, in a convenient Time* assemble at the usual Place of holding such Meetings for the Execution of this Act; and all such Acts, Matters, and Things, fodone by any such Commissioners and Justices of the Peace, or by two or more such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Acts, Matters, and Things, had been done by two or more such Commissioners; any Thing contained in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Parish or Place in England for which any Person or Persons shall be appointed Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Duties hereby granted, shall be answerable for his or their duly demanding the said Rates or Duties of the respective Persons charged therewith, within ten Days after the same are payable by virtue of this Act, according to the Directions herein contained, and also for his or their paying the Sums by him or them received, to the Receiver General of the said Rates or Duties, according to the Provisions of the Laws in Force; and if any Collector shall neglect or refuse to demand Payment of the said Rates and Duties of the respective Persons charged therewith, or leave a Demand in Writing at their respective Places of last Abode, within the Time herein limited, or in case of Default of Payment thereof upon such Demand, shall neglect or refuse to execute the Warrant or Precept of the Commissioners or Justices for recovering of the same, within two Calendar Months after the said Rates and Duties are payable by this Act, it shall not be lawful for such Collector to insert in the Schedule, to be by the Receiver General returned into the Exchequer, the Name of such Person, as having made Default of Payment of any of the Sums rated or aflefled on such Person, but the Parish or Place for which such Collector shall have been appointed, shall be answerable for the same; and no Collector shall be allowed to insert in any such Schedule the Name of any Person to be returned into the Exchequer as not having paid the Rates or Duties by this Act granted, unless such Collector shall make Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakers, shall make and subscribe a solemn Affirmation, before two Commissioners, or before one Commissioner and one Justice of the Peace, or before two Justices of the Peace, (who respectively shall certify the said Oath or Affirmation on the said Schedule,) that the Sum for which such Person is so returned is due and wholly unpaid, either to such Collector, or to any other Person or Persons for such Collector, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, and that the Person so making Default is unable to pay the same, and by reason of his or her Poverty is exempted from the actual Payment of all Taxes, Assessments, or Contributions towards the Church and Poor; or that such Person became insolvent or bankrupt before the Day on which the Rates and Duties became payable, and had not Goods and Chattels sufficient whereon to raise and levy the said Rates and Duties, within the Parish or Place for which such Collector shall have been appointed, at any Time ftnee the said Rates or Duties became payable; or that such Person removed from the Parish or Place for which such Collector shall have been appointed, before the Day on which the Rates or Duties became payable, without leaving therein sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon the Rates and Duties then payable could be raised and levied, and that there was not nor are any Goods or Chattels of any other Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties in Arrear, or any Part thereof, whereby the same, or any Part thereof, could or might be raised and levied; which Oath or Affirmation shall be indorsed on such Schedule, and which Schedule shall specify the Names of the Persons making such Default, and the Reason for returning each such Defaulter.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That any Arrear of the said Rates and Duties arising by the Default as aforesaid, or by the Failure of any Collector, for which any Parish or Place in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be answerable, shall be re.-assessed and charged within and upon, such Parish or Place,

6 on.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. 741

uy any x^<xw uuw in r uric uc raueu anu icvica: rruviueu always uui uic oum iu iu

not be charged on the Amount of any of the Rates, Duties, or Sums of Money grant< passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty

on the Amount of the Assessment which shall be made of the said Rates and Duties granted by this Act, in the Year commencing from the fifth of April next after the Time when such Arrear accrued, by duly apportioning the Amount of such Arrear amongst the several Persons assessed in that Year, according to each Person’s Assessment, as nearly as the Case will admit; and by the like Rules, Methods, and Directions by which the original Assessment was made, to be raised and levied in such Manner as any Re-assessment may by any Law now in Force be raised and levied: Provided always, that the Sum so to be re-assessed shall

;ranted by the said Act, an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War,

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, if any Occupier of any Dwelling-house in that Part of Great Britain called England, rated or assessed to any of the Duties by this Act granted, shall remove out of the Limits of the Collectors of the Duties assessed on such Dwelling-house, without first paying or discharging, orcaufing to be paid or discharged, all the Rates and Duties charged upon him or her in respect of such Dwelling-house, and which shall then be due and payable, or without leaving in or upon such Dwelling-house sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon the said Rates and Duties in Arrear may be raised and levied, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay, over and above the said Rates and Duties so left unpaid as aforesaid, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as by this Act is directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no Goods or Chattels whatever, lying and being in or upon any Dwelling-house in that Part of Great Britain called England, or any of the Offices thereunto belonging, which shall have been rated or assessed to any of the Duties by this Act granted, shall be liable to be taken by virtue of any Execution, or other Process, Warrant, or Authority, except at the Suit of the Landlord for Rent, (other than at the Suit of the King,) on any Account or Pretence whatever, unless the Party at whose Suit the said Execution or Seizure shall be sued out or made, shall, before the Sale or Removal of such Goods from off the Premises by virtue of such Execution or Seizure, undertake in Writing to pay to the Collector or Collectors of the said Duties, all Arrears of the same Duties which shall be due in respect of the Premises at the Time of taking such Goods or Chattels by virtue of such Execution or Seizure; provided such Duties shall not be in Arrear for more than one Year and in case the said Duties shall be in Arrear for more than one Year, then the said Party at whose Suit such Execution or Seizure is sued out or made, paying the said Collector or Colledlo.s the aforesaid Duties due in respect of the Premises for one whole Year, may proceed to execute his Judgment, or proceed in his Seizure as he might have done before the making of this Act; but in case of Refusal to pay the said Duties, the said Collector or Collectors are hereby authorized and required to distrain such Goods or Chattels, and proceed to Sale thereof, according to the Laws now in Force, in order to obtain Payment of the said Duties in Arrear for one Year and all Remedies, Advantages, Powers, Methods, and Things, which by any Act or Acts concerning Bankrupts, or concerning the Method of recovering Rent in Arrear, are given and granted to any Creditors, Lellors, or Landlords respectively, and all the Powers and Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second *, intituled, An Act for the more easy and effiefinal proceeding upon Dislreffies to be made by Warrants of Justices of the Peace, and also of another Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty +, intituled, An Act to authorize Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and other Peace or Parish Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of Jnch their Apprentices; and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Di/lrefs granted by Magijl rates, as far as the same relate to the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Justices of the Peace, shall be used and practised by the respective Commissioners for executing this Act,.and by any Collector, Surveyor, or Inspector of the said Rates and Duties, acting under the Authority of the said Commissioners for recovering and securing any Arrears of the said Rates and Duties (over and above the Powers, Remedies, Rules, and Regulations, contained in any Act or Acts relative to the Duties hereby repealed, or in this Act) as fully and effectually as if the same Remedies, Advantages, Powers, Provisions, Methods, and Things, were particularly and severally repeated by and re-enacted in this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person appointed or to be appointed to put this Act in Execution as a Commissioner, or any Justice of the Peace executing the Office of a Commissioner, before he shall act as a Commissioner in Execution thereof, or shall execute the Office of such Commissioner, (except in administering the Oath herein after expressed,) shall take, and he is hereby required to take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear. That I will truly, faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the bell of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the several Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a Commissioner,

by the several Acts relative to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and that I will judge and determine upon all Appeals, and all other Matters and Things which.

shall be brought before me as a Commissioner under the said several Acts, and every or any of them,

without Favour or Affection. So help me GO DP

Which Oath any one of the Persons appointed to put this Act in Execution as a Commissioner, or any Justice of the Peace in the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Assessment-is to be made, is hereby authorized to administer, although the said Person administering the same hath not himself previously taken the Oath; and which Oath so taken shall be subscribed by the Party taking the same; and the Names of all the Persons so subscribing shall, within one Month after ward5, be transmitted

to

If any Person shall remove out of the Limits of the Collector without paying the Duties, or leaving suffi-cent Goods on the Premises, he shall forfeit 201. additional.

No Goods to be taken by virtue of any Process, except at the Suitof the Land. lord for Rent, or of the King, unless the Party shall previously undertake to pay the Arrear* of Duty, not exceeding a Year's.

In case of Refusal tJrc Collectors may dif* train and fell the Goods for. onct Year’sDuty*

c. 29.

t. '-5Sv

CommifTIdntrs and Justices a&a in£ as such to take the fol--lowing

Oath* f

which may be

atfminiftcred by a Commissioner or Justice although he hat not taken it.

OaUi to be Tub-

icrifctd, and the Names of such Subscribers to be transmitted to the Tax Office. 501. Penalty for atfting as Commissioner with-

to the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes at Somerset Place^ in the County of Middlesex, by the Clerk of the General Meeting of the Commissioners, or the Clerks of the D*vision Meeting* respectively; and if any Person shall, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, presume to act as a Commissioner in Execution of any of the Acts relative to the Duties under the~Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, (except in administering the said Oath,) before he shall fiav* taken the same Oath herein mentioned, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds,

out having taken the Oath.

No Person to act without taking the Oath of Allegiance, 6tC.

/yicffors to take I he following

Oath,

XXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize any Person to act in the Execution of this Act, without first taking the Oath of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, or taking and subscribing the Declaration of Fidelity, required by any Law now in Force to be taken or made and subscribed in the Manner and in the Cases therein preferred.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed or to be appointed an Assessor of the said Rates and Duties granted by this Act, shall, and he is hereby required to take an Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakers, to make and subscribe a solemn Affirmation, in the following Form j (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, [<?r, affirm, as the Case may require,] That in the Assessment which I am required to make by Authority of the several Acts relative to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and now in Force, I will aft faithfully and honestly, and without Favour or Affection, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge. So help me GOD.*

which two Commissioners may

administer.

591. Penalty for acting as an Af-Yelfbr without taking the Oath.

No Commissioner to act in London, St. Martin-le- Grand, or Westminster, without

Which Oath or Affirmation any two or more of the Commissioners in the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry. City, or Place, where the Assessments are to be made, are hereby authorized and required to administer; and if any Person so to be appointed Assessor as aforesaid, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall presume to act in the Executioivof the said Office or Employment of an Assessor before he shall have taken the said Oath or Affirmation, (as the Case shall require,) he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize any Person to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, within the City of London, and Liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grand, nor within the City and Liberty of Westminster, without taking the Oath, or making and subscribing the Affirmation, of his Qualification, in the Form following; (that is to say,)

taking the following

Oath of hi* 'I A.B. do swear, [$r, affirm, as the Case may require,] "^hat truly and bond fide I have such an Estate, Qualification, consisting of [speerfying the same] of the clear Value of two thousand Pounds, over and above what

will satisfy and discharge all my Debts. So help me GOD.*

which may be administered by any Commissioner of those Distrias. Penalty of 2001. for acting without taking the Oath.

If the Charge or Surcharge, in a t afe transmitted to the Judges, &c. shall he confirmed, the Party shall pay 40s. Costs to his Majesty.

Commissioners may have the Opinion of any of the Judges, &c. in Matters of Law *anting on any Appeal, on stating the Case specially,

Which Oath or Affirmation any one of the Persons qualified and appointed to act as a Commissioner within the City of London, the Liberty of Saint Martin-lc-Grand, or within the City and Liberty of Westminster respectively, is hereby authorized to administer, although the said Person administering the same hath not himself previously taken the same Oath, or made or subscribed the same Affirmation; and if any Person shall, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, within the City of London and Liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grand, or within the City and Liberty of Westminster, (except in administering the said Oath or Affirmation last mentioned,) before he shall have taken such Oath, or made such Affirmation, as is before directed, he shall forfeit for ever^ such Offence the Sum of two hundred Pounds. -, I Ptr» I. 2 1

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, according to the Opinion of any of the Justices, Judges, or Barons, in any of the Courts at Westminster, or in the Court of Session or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to whom any Case hath been or shall, at the Request of the Appellant or Appellants, be transmitted in pursuance of any of the Directions contained in the said Acts, or any of them, the Charge or Surcharge, upon which the Question contained in such Case shall have arisen, shall, alter the passing of this Act, be confirmed and established, the Person or Persons so charged or surcharged shall, for the Costs and Charges attending the same, pay, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of forty Shillings, in Addition to the Charge or Surcharge, or the Part thereof, so confirmed and established as aforesaid; and which Costs shall be added to such A lie Ament, and levied and collected therewith, and as Part of the Rates and Duties so assessed.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners before whom any Appeal shall be depending, shall, previous to their Determination thereupon, be desirous of obtaining the Opinion of any of the said Justices, Judges, or Barons, in any Matter of Law arising upon such Appeal, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to ftute specially, after communicating to the Party complaining, such intended Statement, and sign the Case upon which the Doubts of the said Commissioners arose; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to adjourn the Determination of such Appeal until the Opinion of such Justice, Judge, or Baron, shall be obtained; and every such Justice, Judge, or Baron, is hereby re-

\ quircu,

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40.

quired, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion subscribed thereto, which Opinion so certified shall have the Force and EfteiSt of a Determination in a Court of Record, and the said Commissioners, nor the Party appealing, shall not be subject to any Cods in respect of the Case so transmitted.

XXX. And whereas by divers of the said Acts for granting several of the said Duties hereby repealed, it was provided that during the Space of ten Years then next ensuing, there should be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said respective Duties should, together with such other Duties which were respectively granted for the Purposes of making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, and of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by certain Loans made, and Stock created, by Authority of Parliament, should be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever ;* be it therefore further enacted, That during the Remainders of the respective Periods of ten Years, to be computed from the respective Times of granting such of the said Duties as aforesaid, there shall be separately entered in the Books provided and kept in the said Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, for the Purposes aforesaid, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, ending the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of Ottobtr, yearly, the Proportions herein after mentioned of the said Duties hereby granted for the Purpose of supplying the several Accounts of the said Rates and Duties hereby repealed; (that is to say,) there shall be reserved out of the Duties hereby granted, in the Consolidated Fund, for the general Account existing prior to the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, one fourth Part of the several Sums of three hundred and twenty-seven thousand nine hundred Pounds, and five hundred and fifteen thousand Pounds, being respectively the Average Annual Amounts, for three Years preceding the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, of the Rates and Duties hereby repealed, which were granted by several Acts, passed in the sixth and twenty-fourth Y'ears of the Reign of his present Majesty, and one fourth Part of the further Sum of one hundred and forty-eight thousand six hundred Pounds, being the Average Annual Amount, for the said Period, of the Rates and Duties hereby repealed, which were granted by an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and that after reserving such fourth Part of the said several Sums of Money, the Remainder thereof shall, at the End of each such Quarter, be entered in the separate Accounts directed to be kept in the Office of the said Auditor, in the Proportion herein after prescribed; (that is to say,) in the separate Account directed to be kept by several Acts passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, out of the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, contained in the Schedule A. one fourth Part of the Annual Sum of thirty-six thousand Pounds; out of the Duties on Inhabited Houses, contained in the Schedule B. one fourth Part of the Annual Sum of fourteen thousand eight hundred and sixty Pounds, being the Amounts of ten Pounds per Centum granted on the Produce of certain of the said Duties hereby repealed by Acts passed in the said last mentioned Year and in the separate Account directed to be kept by several Acts passed in the thirty -sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, out of the said Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, one fourth Part of the Annual Sums of thirty-six thousand Pounds, and fifty-one thousand five hundred Pounds; and out of the said Duties on Inhabited Houses, one fourth Part of the Annual Sum of fourteen thousand eight hundred and sixty Pounds, being the Amounts of ten Pounds per Centum granted on the Produce of certain other of the said Duties hereby repealed, by an Act passed in the said last mentioned Year and in the separate Account directed to be kept as aforesaid, by several Acts passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Remainder of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as the same shall respectively arise at the End of each such Quarter,

SCHEDULE A.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every Dwelling-house inhabited or to be inhabited within England and Scotland respectively, according to the Number of Windows or Lights in each Dwelling-house

NUMBER of WINDOWS, according to which the Dwelling-house shall be charged. DUTIES to be paid for every Dwelling, lieu fe in England. DUTIES to be paid lor every Dwelling-house in Scotland.

Not more than fix Windows or Lights (except such Inhabited Dwelling- £ s* d.

houses which shall be worth the Rent of five Pounds by the Year and shall be charged to the Rate or Duty herein mentioned, according to the Rent thereof) - 1. 4- Os — 2.6

Not more than fix Windows or Lights, if of the Value before-mentioned, and charged to the said Rate or Duty accordingly — 6 -- 4 —

743

wi thorn subje&-ing the Parties to Costs.

Duties to be entered in the Books in the Office of the Auditor in certain Proportions.

{Sdxduli B.}'

744

O 40

Anno tricesimo octavo GEORGII III.

A.D. 1798.

NUMBER of WINDOWS,

according to which the Dwelling-house shall be charged.

Am

Seven Windows or Lights and no more Eight Windows or Lights and no more Nine Windows or Lights and no more Ten Windows or Lights and no more Eleven Windows or Lights and no more Twelve Windows or Lights and no more Thirteen Windows or Lights and no more Fourteen Windows or Lights and no more Fifteen Windows or Lights and no more Sixteen Windows or Lights and no more Seventeen Windows or Lights and no more Eighteen Windows or Lights and no more Nineteen Windows or Lights and no more Twenty Windows or Lights and no more Twenty-one Windows or Lights and no more Twenty-two Windows or Lights and no more Twenty-three Windows or Lights and no more Twenty-four Windows or Lights and no more Twenty-five Windows or Lights and no more Twenty-six Windows or Lights and no more Twenty-seven Windows or Lights and no more Twenty-eight Windows or Lights and no more Twenty-nine Windows or Lights and no more Thirty Windows or Lights and no more Thirty-one Windows or Lights and no more Thirty-two Windows or Lights and no more Thirty-three Windows or Lights and no more Thirty-four Windows or Lights and no more Thirty-five Windows or Lights and no more Thirty-fi* Windows or Lights and no more Thirty-seven Windows or Lights and no more Thirty-eight Windows or Lights and no more Thirty-nine Windows or Lights and no more Forty and not more than forty*four Windows or Forty-five and not more than forty-nine Windows or Lights Fifty and not moie than fifty-four Windows or Lights Fifty-five and not more than fifty-nine Windows or Lights Sixty and not more than sixty-four Windows or Lights Sixty-five and not more than sixty-nine Windows or Lights Seventy and not more than seventy-four Windows or Lights Seventy-five and not more than seventy-nine Windows or Lights Eighty and not more than eighty-four Windows or Lights Eighty-five and not more than eighty-nine Windows or Lights Ninety and not more than ninety-four Windows or Lights Ninety-five and not more than ninety-nine Windows or Lights One hundred and not more than one hundred and nine Windows or Lights One hundred and ten and not more than one hundred and nineteen Windows *er Lights -

One hundred and twenty and not more than one hundred and twenty-nine

Windows or Lights -

One hundred and thirty and not more than one hundred and thirty-nine Windows or Lights -

One hundred and forty and not more than one hundred and forty-nine Windows or Lights V -

One hundred and fifty and not more than one hundred and fifty-nine Windows or Lights

One hundred and sixty and not rtiore than one hundred and sixty-nine

Windows or Lights -

Lights

DUTIES to be paid for every Dwelling-house in England.

DUTIES to be paid for e\cry Dwelling house

In Scotland.

£ s. d. £ s.

H 6 — 1 2

I 1 - 19

I 7 — I 5

I H —— I I 2

2 4 2 2

2 16 — 2 *4

3 8 — 3 6

4 - 3 18

4 12 — 4 10

5 4 — 5 2

5 16 — 5 14

6 8 — 6 6

7 - 6 18

7 12 — 7 10

8 4 — 8 2

8 16 — 8 H

9 8 — 9 6

10 *— — 9 18

10 12 — 10 10

11 2 — 1 ( —

11 12 — 11 io

12 2 — 12 —

12 12 — 12 10

*3 2 — !3 —

x3 12 *— *3 10

>4 2 — H —

!4 12 — *4 10

*5 - 2 — *5 —

15 12 — is 10

16 - *5 18

16 8 —- 16 6

16 16 — 16 >4

l7 4 —- *7 2

*7 10 — *7 8

*9 - 18 18

20 10 20 8

22 - 21 18

23 10 — 23 8

25 - 24 18

26 10 — 26 8

28 — 27 18

*9 10- — 29 8

3' - 32 18

3* 10 32 8

3 + - 33 18

37 - 36 ifr

40 - 39 18

43 - 42 18

46 - 45 18

49 - 48 18

*52 % — 51 18

55 - 54 18

d-

6

One

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgif III. C. 40, 41

NUMBER of WINDOWS,

according to which the Dwelling-house shall be charged.

| DUTIES to be paid for every Dwelling-house in England* DUTIES 10 be paid for every Dwelling-house in Scotland.

£. s. d. £ j. d.

- 57 18: —

6i - 60 18 —

- 26 2 6

One hundred and seventy and not more than one hundred and seventy-nine

Windows or Lights - "

One hundred and eighty Windows or Lights, and upwards And for every such Dwelling House which shall contain more than one hundred and eighty Windows or Lights, for every Window or Light exceeding the Number of one hundred and eighty

The said several Rates and Duties to be charged in respect of every Inhabited Dwelling-house, without any other or further Exemption being allowed than such as are contained and.expressly provided in and by. this Act; notwithstanding any former Statute or Statutes to the contrary.

ir, < SCHEDULE B,

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable on all Inhabited Dwelling-houses within.

_ 1 - m m m mm mm m A

and throughout Great Britain according to the Value thereof.

In the Pound.

£ S' <*'

8

For every Inhabited House in Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices,

Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, are or shall be worth the Rent by the Year, there be charged the yearly Sums following videlicet, /

Five Pounds and under twenty Pounds Rent by the Year — i '

Twenty Pounds and under forty Pounds Rent by the Year -

Forty Pounds Rent by the Year and upwards r -

The said last*mentioned Rates and Duties to be charged on the Occupier or Occupiers of every such Inhabited House, and to be subject to all the Exemptions contained in any Act or Acts in Force, for granting the Duties on Inhabited Houses hereby repealed,’ but to no other or further Exemptions whatever, notwithstanding any Statute or Statutes to the contrary.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof.

[1 oth ifcfcvy 179^.3

Most gracious Sovereign, f

WHEREAS the present Mode of charging separately the several Rates and Duties payable upon

Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and the Additional Rates charged upon the Amount thereof, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, has been found inconvenient:- And whereas it is expedient that the said several Rates and Duties should be repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof, and that further Provision should be made for enforcing

a due Collection of the said DutiesWe, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be ^nadled; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, all and singular the Rates and Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and also all and Angular the additional Rates and Duties charged upon the Amount of the said Rates and Duties, shall severally cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the demanding, recovering, receiving, or paying, any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the said fifth Day of /ipril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, remain unpaid, or any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ifinetv-eight.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight* in lieu and instead of the said Rates and Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be afiefted, raised, levied, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon air Male Servants retained or employed by any Person or Persons in the several Capacities mentioned in an Act passed in the twenty -fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, and upon all Carriages kept by any Person or Persons, and upon all Horses, Mares, or Geldings, kept and used by any Person or Persons

38 Geo. III. 3 D fgf

I -

745

From April 5*

1798, the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, and Dogs, and the additional Duties on the Amount thereof, to cease; and in li u thereof, the Duties in the annexed Schedules to be levied.

Duties in England, to be paid quarterly;

and in Scotland, half-yearly.

Commissioners of the Land Tax, and the Surveyors, Afftflfors, and Collectors, appointed under the Acts relative to the Rates hereby repealed, or hereafter to be appointed, to put this Act in

Within the Bills of Mortality, St. Mary-le-Bone, and Pancras, the Appointment of Collectors to belong to the Resident Commissionersj who may appoint Persons having given Security.

Duties to be affefTtxi and collected as former Duties, and others, under the Management of tl-.cCommissioners of Taxes, Arc.

C. 41. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

for riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any such Carriage, and upon all other Horses, Mares, and Geldings, and upon all Mules and Dogs kept by any Person or Persons, the several Yearly Rates and Duties respectively mentioned, described, and set forth, in the several Schedules hereunto annexed; which several Schedules, and the Rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the same were incorporated therewith.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be paid Quarterly, on the Days herein after mentioned; that is to say. On the twentieth Day of June for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of April and ending on the fifth Day of July, the twentieth Day of September for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of July and ending on the tenth Day of October y the twentieth Day of December for the Quarter commencing from the tenth Day of October and ending on the fifth Day of January, and the twentieth Day of March for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of January and ending on the fifth Day of Aprils in every Year; the first Payment thereof to be made on the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be paid Half-yearly; that is to say. On or before the twenty-ninth Day of September for the Half-year commencing from the Term of Whitsunday and ending at the Term of Martinmas in the same Year and on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March* for the Half-year commencing from the Term of Martinmas and ending at' the Term of Whitsunday next ensuing; the first Payment thereupon to be made on the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons named or appointed to be Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Taxy for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty or who shall hereafter be named or appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution any other Act or Acts of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, or any Act of the present or future Session for continuing the same, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act, with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, and the Powers herein contained, in all and every the Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and the several Surveyors and Inspectors, Assessors and Collectors respectively, appointed to put in Execution any of the said Acts, relative to the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, and the several Persons who shall hereafter be appointed Inspectors, Surveyors, Assessors, or Collectors respectively, by virtue of the Powers contained in the several Acts of Parliament now in Force relative to the said Rates and Duties hereby repealed, (and which Powers are hereby declared to continue in Force for the Purposes of this AdlJ or by virtue of the Powers contained in this Act, or any other Act passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall be Inspectors, Surveyors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution the present Act, with relation to the Duties hereby granted, according to the Powers given to them respectively by the said Acts, or any of them, (and not hereby altered,) or by this Act; and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons qualified to act in the Execution of any of the said Acts, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, as before mentioned, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner, as they, or any of them, are or is authorized to put in Execution the said Acts relative to the said Rates and Duties hereby repealed, or any Matter or Thing therein respectively contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That within the Bills of Mortality, the Parishes.of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, the Appointment of Collectors of the Rates and Duties hereby granted, shall belong wholly to such of the Commissioners for executing this Act, who shall reside in the Parishes for which such Collectors respectively are to be appointed, in case there shall be two or more Commissioners there resident, and no other Commissioners shall in such Case interfere; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and residing within the respective Parishes as aforesaid, to appoint such Persons to be Collectors who shall have given Security to the Satisfaction of the Churchwardens and Overseers, or Guardians of the Poor, or any two or more of them, or any seven or more of the Vestry, where a Select Vellry shall be appointed as aforesaid, and who shall be thought by the said Commissioners to be of Ability to execute the Office of Collector; and that in Default of appointing such Persons who shall have given such Security, then the said Commissioners residing as aforesaid shall name such Persons as they shall think of Ability to execute the said Office: Provided always, that where two or more Commissioners shall not be jefident in any Parish for which Collectors are to be appointed, then a Commissioner or Commissioners residing in any adjacent Parish may concur in the Appointment of such Collectors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, shall severally and respectively be afleffid, raised, levied, collected, and receded, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, and with such Exceptions and Exemptions, as are prescribed and appointed by any Act or Acts now in Force for assessing, raising, levying, cdledting, recovering, and paying the Rates and Duties hereby repealed,.or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Aflaurs of Taxes,

9 a*

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41. 747

as far as the same were in Force at and immediately before the Time of parting this Adb and are severally and respectively applicable to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, or any of them; or according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are or may be prescribed and appointed by any Act or AdTs, parted or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, for any of the Purposes hereinbefore expiefTed; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts in relation to the said respective Rates or Duties hereby repealed, or any of them, and in Force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, or in any Act or Acts passed or to be parted in this Session of Parliament, for the a(Te(sing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Rates and Duties hereby repealed, or any other the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be in full Force, and be severally and respectively duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the artefling, railing, levying, collecting, and paying the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall serve in any Volunteer Horses provided Corps raised by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, and shall provide a Horse, Mare, for Volunteer or Gelding, for such Service, or who shall at his or her Expence furnish a Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for Co[Ps not liable any Person serving in any such Corps as aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable for such Horse, Mare, or to uly' Gelding, with the Duties by this Act imposed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of In Certificates

the Corps or Troop in which any such Person as aforesaid shall serve, not only the several Persons who of Commanding shall serve, but also the several Persons who shall furnish any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for any other cor^the Per* Persons serving in any such Corps, shall be inserted; and that Affidavits of the several Persons serving in so°Tf«rving, and such Corps, for whom any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, shall be furnished, declaring by whom respectively the Persons pro-the same are furnished, shall in every such Case be annexed to such Certificate. viding Horses

for others, to be inserted.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have retained or employed any Male Servant or Servants, or kept any Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, in the Course of the Year ending on the fifth Day of ^r/7 one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall, on or before the thirtieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, without any previous Notice for that Purpose, cause to be prepared true and particular Lifts in Writing, signed by such Person, or on his or her Behalf, which Lifts shall severally be made out in the F orms prescribed in the Schedule* annexed to this Act, and shall contain the Parish or Place, and Parishes or Places, where such Person shall reside; and one of such Lists shall also contain the greatest Number of Male Servants retained or employed by such Persons at any Time in the Course of the Year ending on the fifth Day of rfpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in any of the Capacities mentioned in an Act passed in the twenty-fifrh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty +, and charged with any Duty by the said Act; another of the said Lifts shall contain the greatest Number of Carriages mentioned or described in another Act passed in the said twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty %> kept by such Person at any one Time within the like Period, and charged with any Duty by the said Act last mentioned, distinguishing the Number of such Carriages with four Wheels from the Number of such Carriages with less than four Wheels, and also from the Number of such Carriages liable as Taxed Carts-, another of the said Lifts shall contain the greatest Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, mentioned or described in an Act passed in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty §, kept by such Person at any one Time for any the Uses and Purposes in the said Act mentioned, within the like Period, and charged with any Duty by the said Act; another of such Lists shall contain the greatest Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, mentioned or described in an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty ||, and charged with any Duty by the said Act, and also the greatest Number of Mules kept by such Person at any one Time within the like Period; and another Lift shall contain the greatest Number of Dogs kept by such Person within the like Period, distinguishing therein any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, from any other Dog, where one Dog only shall be kept by such Person; and every such Person residing within the Limits of the City of London, the City or Liberty of Westminster, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-Bone, or Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, or the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrexy shall, within the Period before prescribed, caulc such Lists to be delivered at the Chief Office of the Commissioners for the Affafers of Taxes, or to such Person or Persons, and at such Place or Places, as the said Commissioners shall appoint and every such Person residing in any Part of Great Britain, without the Limits aforesaid, shall cause such Lists to be delivered to the Surveyor of the said Rates and Duties for the District where such Person shall reside, or to such other Person or Persons, and at such Place or Places, within such District, as the said Surveyor, with the Approbation of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any three or more of them, shall appoint;: and every such Person shall be liable to be assessed and charged, for the Year in which such List shall or ought to be delivered, according to the greatest Number of such Servants, Carriages, Horses, (Mares or Geldings,) Mules, and Dogs, retained, employed, kept, or used as aforesaid, by such Person within the Period in such List mentioned t and if any Person required by this Act to deliver such List as aforesaid*,

Persons keeping Male Servants, &c. in the Year ending April 5, 1798, shall by June 30, 1798, without any previous Notice* make out Lilt*

in the Forms prescribed in Schedule (F), containing the Number of Servants.Carriages, Horses, and Dogs used by himinthat Year.

F.

t c. 43.

, c. 47-$ Stir. x. c. 3 l.

|} c. 164

To whom Lifts

are to be delivered.

Assessment to be for the greatest Number of Servants, &c. kept within tue Year.

i

74$

C. 4.r.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

501. Penalty for not delivering I.irta, &c.

Persons not compellable to travel more than ic Miles to dc-liver Lifts.

Persons beginning, after April 5, 1798, to keep Male Servants, *c. within 20 Days to give

thereof.

shall neglect to deliver any such List, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein according to this Act, he or she so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty pounds.

XI. Provided always, That no Person shall be compelled to travel, for the Delivery of any List, in pursuance of this Act, to a greater Distance from the Place of his or her Habitation than ten Miles, or to the Market Town neared thereto.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall begin to retain or employ any fucU Male Servant, or keep or use any such Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, (such Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, not being in the Place or Stead of any former one liable to the like Duty,) shall, within twenty Days after he or she shall begin to retain or employ such Servant, or to keep or use such Carriage, Horse,

~ og, cause N

for the District, as the Case shall require, and of the Number of such Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules,

Mule, or Dog, cause Notice thereof to be given at the Chief Office of the said Commissioners or Surveyors

50l. Penalty for

Default.

'Persons having divers Places of Residence, to deliver Lifts at each where he intends to pay Duty for any Servant?, &c. every Lift containing the whole Number ‘kept,-Ac.

Number of each Description respectively intended to be paid for within the such List shall be delivered; and shall also at the same Time make his or 1

50l. Penalty for tDc fault.

Persons ro deliver, between April 5, and May 30, yearly, Lists of the greatest Number of Servants, &c. kept at one Time in the Year in which former Lifts were delivered, on Penalty of 50l.

Persons delivering Lifts to TeceivcReceipts for them in the Form in Schedule (F)annexed.

xcl. Penalty on Persons receiving Lifts net delivering Re-ceijiU.

and Dogs, and the Parish or Place where such Person shall reside, describing in such Notice every Servant retained or employed by such Person by his proper Name, and the several Capacities in which such Servants respectively shall be retained or employed, and also describing every such Carriage by its usual Name and Description, distinguishing the Number of Wheels belonging to each such Carriage, and also distinguishing each such Carriage liable as a "Faxed Cart, and also describing every such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, distinguishing the Horses mentioned or described in the said Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, from the Horses mentioned or described in the said Act passed in the thirty- sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also describing every Mule or Dog kept by such Person, distinguishing the Kind of Dog, where one Dog only shall be kept by such Person as aforesaid j and if any Person required by this Act to deliver such Lilt as last aforesaid shall neglect to deliver any such List, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, according to this Act, he or she so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person required by this Act to deliver such List as aforesaid, having divers Places of Residence as aforesaid, shall be obliged to deliver such List at each of such Places of Residence where such Person intends to pay the Duties for any such Servants, Carriages, Horses, (Mares or Geldings,) Mules, or Dogs, and to insert in every such List the whole Number of Servants retained or employed by such Person, and of Carriages, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, Mules, and Dogs, kept by such Person within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and shall also, in every such List, specify the particular

r l. L(, Limits the District where

her Declaj^tSopi to be in&rted

in Fuch Lift, and signest by him or her, specifying the particular Counties or County, and Parishes or Parish, wherein each such Place of his or her Residence is situate, and also the particular Counties or County, and Pari (hes or Parish, wherein any of his or her Servants, Carriages, Horses, Marcs, or Geldings, Mules, or Dogs, are kept, and the respective Numbers of each Description kept in such Parishes or Places respectively, and where the same, or any of them, are intended to be paid for, if the same, or any of them, are intended to be paid for at any other of those Parishes or Places respectively, than the Parish or Place where such List shall be delivered or given as aforesaid, on Pain that every Person offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned shall, for every such Offence, forfeited pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to deliver any such List as aforesaid, shall, yearly^ (that is to say,) between the fifth Day of April and the thirtieth Day of May, in every Year, after such Person shall have delivered such List, or ought so to have done, in pursuance of this Act, and he and {lie is hereby required to cause to be prepared, and to be delivered at one of the respective Offices before-mentioned, as the Case shall require, a true and particular Lift of the greatest Number of such Servants retained or employed, and of Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, kept by such Person at any one Time in the Course of the Year in which the former Lift was delivered, or ought to have been so delivered as aforesaid, which Lifts shall be prepared in the Forms before prescribed, and according to the Directions of this Act in respect thereof; and shall renew the same in the same Manner in every Year, so long as such Person shall be liable to the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, on Pain that every Person offending in any of the said Particulars last mentioned, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall deliver any such List duly prepared and filled up, according to the Directions of this Act, to the Surveyor or Inspector, or other Person to be appointed by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be entitled to receive, from the Person to whom such List shall be delivered in pursuance of this Act, an indented Receipt signed by such Surveyor or Inspector, or other Person aforesaid, acknowledging the Delivery of a List from the Person by or on whose Behalf the same shall be prepared as aforesaid, which Receipt shall be made out in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and the same shall be received and taken as Proof of the Delivery of a List in pursuance of this Act, in any Court, or before any Person or Persons, and in all cases

| j * |d i'ng " Act, shall neglect or re-

forfeit the Sum of twenty

Pounds.

:y or tmt ‘ion shall

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Penalty by this Act imposed, for omitting in the Lift hereby required to be delivered, any Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, or Dogs, which ought to have been returned as aforesaid, shall not be sued or prosecuted for, against any Person or Persons whatever, in any Case where such Person or Persons, before the Commencement of such Suit or Prosecution, shall have been surcharged and ailtfled in double the Duty hereby granted for such Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, or Dogs.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to vary

I. DrtnMtf Ano

Penalty for Omissions in Lifts not to be sued for where the Parties have been surcharged previous to Suits.

the Regulations contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament respecting the Lilts required to be delivered to the Assessoror Assessors of any Parish or Place.

Act not to vary Regulations Actsrefpcfting Delivery of Lifts to Aflclfors.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Inhabitant Householder of any House in which there shall be any Lodger or Inmate residing the rein, keeping any Servant, or any Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, liable to any of the said Duties, shall, from Time to Time, enter into a Book an Account of every Servant, and of every Carriage, Horle, Mule, or Dog, belonging to such Lodger or Inmate; and every Livery Stable Keeper or other Person receiving any Horses or Carriages to ftaud at Livery, or delivered to him or her to be kept, shall also from Time to lime enter into a Book an Account of every Horse or Carriage Handing at Livery, or kept by him or her as aforesaid; and every Person hereby required to enter and keep such Account shall,' within twenty Days after the fifth Day of July and the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and within twenty Days after the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October in every subsequent Year, deliver a List in Writing of every such Lodger or Inmate residing in the House of every such Householder, and of every Proprietor of any Carriage, Horse, or Mule, Handing at Livery, or delivered to such Stable Keeper cc other Person to be kept as aforesaid; and every such List to be delivered by such Householder shall, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief, expiVrfs the Christian and Surname of every such Lodger or Inmate* and also of every Servant; and every such List to be delivered by such Stable Keeper or other Person aforesaid, shall, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief, express the Christian and Surname of the Proprietor of every such Carriage, Horse, or Mule; and every such List shall also contain the greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, which any such Lodger or Inmate, or any such Proprietor, shall have retained or kept in the Dwelling-house or Premises of such Householder, Stable Keeper, or other Person, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief; and if any Inhabitant Householder, or any Stable Keej>er, or other Person aforesaid, shall neglect to keep such Account, or to deliver such last mentioned Lift, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, he or she so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds

XIX. Provided always, That all Persons who shall have returned the Blank' Lifts delivered to them by the Parish Assessor, filled up according to the Directions of this Act, with the greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, retained by them, or by Persons lodging in their Houses, shall not be liable to prepare and deliver in the Lifts above mentioned.

Householders to enter in a Look Account of Servants, &c. kept by Lodg ers; and Livery Stable Keepers of Horses or Carriages Handing at Livery, and to deliver Lifts containing the Particular* thcitol.

on Penalty of

5°h

Persons who have returned Blank Lift*

| filled up not liable to deliver others*

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties hereby imposed, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XXI. And whereas by divers of the said Acts for granting several of the said Duties hereby repealed, it c was provided that during the Space of ten Years then next ensuing, there should be provided and kept, in c the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising;

from the said respective Duties should, together with such other Duties which were respectively granted

for the Purpose of making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, and of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by certain Loans made and Stock created by Authority of Parliament, be entered fe parate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any

Account whatever;’ be it therefore further enacted, That during the Remainders of the respective Periods of ten Yearst to be computed from the respective Times of granting such of the said Duties as aforesaid, there shall be separately entered in the Books provided and kept in the said Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, for the Purposes aforesaid, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, ending the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of June, and the tenth Day of October, yearly, the Proportions herein after mentioned of the said Duties hereby granted for the Purpose of supplying the several Accounts of the said Rates and Duties hereby repealed; (that is to say.) there shall be reserved in the Consolidated Fund, for the general Account existing prior to the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, out of the Duties hereby granted on Male Servants, One fourth Part of the Sum of ninety-three thousand Pounds; out of the Duties hereby granted on Carriages, One fourth Part of the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds; and out of the Duties hereby granted on Horses used for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing certain Carriages, One fourth Part of the Sum of one hundred and six thousand Pounds; being respectively the annual Average Amounts, for three Years preceding the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-.seven, of the Rates and Duties on Male Servants, Carriages, and Horses, used for the Purposes aforesaid, hereby repealed; and that after reserving such Fourth Part of the said several Sums of Money, arising from the said respective Duties, the Remainder thereof, and also all other

3 Monies

Monies to be paid into the Exchequer.

Duties to be entered in the Cooks in the Office of the Auditor in certain Proportions.

75°

C. 41.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Penalties sued for within six Months, to be Half to his Majesty and Half to the Informer.

Attorney General in England, and his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, may (lay Proceedings.

Recovery and Application of Penalties not sued for in six Months.

Penalties to his Majesty to be paid as the Comm iffioners of Taxes shall appoint, &c.

Limitation of Actions.

General IflVi*

[Treble Costs.]

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

Monies arising from the Duties hereby granted, shall, at the End of each such Quarter, be entered in the separate Accounts directed to be kept at the Office of the said Auditor, in the Proportions herein after prescribed; (that is to say,) in the separate Account directed to be kept by several Acts, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Sum of nine thousand three hundred and thirty Pounds out of the said Duties on Male Servants, the further Sum of twenty thousand Pounds out of the said Duties on Carriages, and the further Sum of ten thousand six hundred Pounds out of the said Duties on Horses used for the Purposes aforesaid, being respectively the Amounts of ten Pounds per Centum^ granted on the Produce of the said Duties on such Male Servants, Carriages, and Horses, hereby repealed, by certain Acts passed in the said thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and in the separate Account directed to be kept by several Acts passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Sum of nine thousand three hundred and thirty Pounds out of the said Duties on Male Servants, and the further Sum of twenty thousand Pounds out of the said Duties on Carriages, being respectively the Amounts of ten Pounds per Centum granted on the Produce of the said Duties on such Servants and Carriages, by certain Acts passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; the further Sum of one hundred and six thousand Pounds out of the said Duties on Horses used for the Purposes aforesaid, being the estimated Produce for one Year, ending the fifth Day of April one thousand seven bundled and ninety-seven, according to the said Average Amount for three Years, of the former Duties on such Horses; the further Sum of ninety-five thousand Pounds out of the said Duties on other Horses and Mules, being the actual Produce thereof for one Year, ending on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and the further Sum of seventy thousand Pounds out of the said Duties on Dogs, being the actual Produce thereof for one Year, ending on the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and on the separate Account directed to be kept as aforesaid, by several Acts passed in the thrrty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Remainder of the Rates and Duties-by this Act granted,-as the same shall respectively arise at the End of each such Quarter.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed, shall, if sued for within the Space of six Calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties or Forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster% for Offences committed in England, or in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland\ for Offences committed in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Efibign, Protection,

- Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that any Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without Intention of Fraud, to flay all further Proceedings, by entering a noli prqfcqui, or otherwise, with respect as well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Default of Prosecution within the Time

hereinbefore limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, and of his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, in which Case the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs cr Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall appoint to receive the same, to the Use of his Majesty; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducing all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout to or amongst hny Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and notelfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Iffiie, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied* altered* or repealed by any Actar Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament,.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41.

SCHEDULE A.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every MALE SERVANT retained or employed by any Person or Persons in the several Capacities referred to in the Act.

DUTIES payable

for each Servant.

For one such Servant ants no more -

For two such Servants and no more

For three and not more than four such Servants

For five and not more than seven such Servants

For eight such Servants and no more For nine such Servants and no more For ten such Servants and no more And for eleven such Servants^and upwards For every such Servant retained and employed married

by any Male Person never having been

£- s.

I 10

2 2

2 14

3 6

3 12

3 16

4 4

4 16

1 10

d,

The said Rates and Duties to be paid by the Master or Mistress of such Servants, and not to extend to any Male Servant retained or employed solely for the Purposes of Husbandry or Manufactures, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Master or Mistress of such Servant earns a Livelihood 9 and to be subject to all other the Exemptions contained in any Act or Acts in Force.

t* - SCHEDULE B.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every CARRIAGE of the several Descriptions

herein after mentioned, kept by any Person or Persons.

NUMBER of CARRIAGES

DUTIES payable [for each Carriage.

9

10

11 11 11 11 11 11

j.

12

4

4

3

11

12

*3

14

d.

6

For one such Carriage with four Wheels and no more -

For two such Carriages with four Wheels and no more -

For three such Carriages with four Wheels and no more -

For four such Carriages with four Wheels and no more -

For five such Carriages with four Wheels and no more -

For six such Carriages with four Wheels and no more -

For seven such Carriages with four Wheels and no more -

And for eight such Carriages with four Wheels and upwards -

The said Rates and Duties to be charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise with four Wheels, or Caravan with four Wheels, or any Number thereof, by whatsoever Name or Names the same may be called or known, kept by any Person or Persons for his or their own Use, or to let out to Hire, except as herein after mentioned; and to be subject to all the Exemption* contained in any Act or Acts in Force.

For every such Carriage with four Wheels let to Hire for the Purpose of travelling Post for a Day, or any less Period of Time, or by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, by any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person duly licensed to let Post Horses by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and whereon the Name or Names, and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons so licensed shall be marked or painted, according to the Directions of the Act in that Case made and provided; and for every Coach or Diligence with four Wheels, which shall be kept and employed as a public Stage Coach, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire, to and from different Places within this Kingdom, and which shall be duly entered as such with the said last mentioned Commissioners - For every such Carriage with less than four Wheels -

8

4

8

4

irged on every Names such C

any Person or Persons for his, her, or their own Use, or to let out to Hire, to be paid by:the Person or Persons keeping or using such Carriages 5 and to be subject to all the Exemptions contained in any Act or Acts in Force, t

751

SCHK

CO

752 c. 41.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

r*

4 7-

f.I 24,

: SCHEDULE C. .: Jj.

SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for all HORSES, MARES, and GELDINGS, kent

and used by any Person1 or I'ersons for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Act.

Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings.

DUTIES payable for each Horse, Mare, or Gelding.

I

x. d.

4

16

For one such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more -

For two such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - - i

For three such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - 2

For four such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - 2

For five such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - - 2

For fix such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - - 2

For seven, and not more than eight such Horses, Mares, or Geldings - 2

For nine such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - 2

For ten and not more than twelve such Horses, Mares, or Geldings -

For thirteen and not more than sixteen such Horses, Mares, or Geldings - 2

For seventeen such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - - 2

For eighteen such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - - - 2

For nineteen such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - - 2

For twenty such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, or upwards. - N - 2

The said Rates and Duties to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping and using the said Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and to be subject to all the Exemptions contained in any Act or Acts in Force.

; SCHEDULE D- / I IMbH

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for HORSES, MARES, and GELDINGS, not

charged with any Duty, according to Schedule C. and also on Mules.

5

6

10

11

11

12 12

*3

l3

»4

>5

6

6

6

Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, or Mules.

DUTIES payaHc for each Horse, Mare, or GtWing, or Mule.

iL

For each Horse, Mare, or Gelding, kept by any Person, and not charged with any Duty? j x.

according to Schedule C. as aforesaid, and for each Mule, -1 — 6

The fard Rate or Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping such Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, and to be subject to all the Exemptions contained in any Act or Acts in Force, and not to be charged for any Mule which shall not have been used, nor for any Horse, Marc, or Gelding, of any Person duly licensed to keep a public Stage Coach or Diligence, used and employed solely by such Pert’oU in drawing such Stage-Coach or Diligence.

schedule' e.;

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every DOG of the several Descriptions herein after

mentioned, kept by or for the Use of any Person or Persons.

NUMBER of DOGS. J

For every Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier; and for every Dog, of whatever Description or Denomination the same may be, where any Person shall keep two or more Dogs -

For any Dog (not being a Greyhound, Hound, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier) { kept determined by or for the Use of any Person inhabiting a D welling-house, assessed to any of the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or on Inhabited Houses, where one such Dog

and no more shall be kept by or for the Use of such Person

The said Rates and Duties to be paid by the Persons respectively keeping such Dog*, or WIC

the same shall be kept; and to be subject to all the Exemptions contained in any Act or Acts in Force and also to the Regulations contained in an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty authorizing a Composition to be made in relped to Hounds kept by any Person; on Payment yearly of the Sum of twenty-four Pounds, inlleadof the Sum therein mentioned.

If M SC HE*

DUTIES payable for each

Dog.

d.

- 6

- 4

A. No.

County of Parish of

Surveyor.

S,

3 X

S2. O

:T. 2k

v> fv

, c/5

73* o

O

a. s

C

v# ft

S'- o

£l U

3

CD

o

o

OQ

<A

n

o

o

m

-d

w

3

re

a

a

tr*

5

SCHEDULE F.

' - A. N°

County of

Parish of -

Surveyor.

The ACCOUNT of the greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, which have been kept at any one Time between the Day of April and the

Day of April by me of and also the several other Places of my Residence

where I am or ought to be assessed to the Duties on Inhabited Houses, or on Windows or Lights, or on any of the Duties before mentioned; videlicet *,

Places where the Duties are to be paid, with the Number against each. c Servants. Four Whtel Carriages. Two Wheel Carriages. Horses for riding, or for drawing Carriages. Other Horses. 4 Horses exempt-. Mules. 4 Dogs Taxed Carts.

# < { - 4, In the above Parish Other Places; videlicet, Parish of County of w* D° D° w D* D° D° D° Total - % " r f I

Witness my Hand this Day of

i f

# If either be in a City or Town, then the Number of the House and the Street must be inserted.

t

A.D. 1ygS. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41. 753

754 C. 42. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

CAP. XLII.

c. 15.

An additional Duty of Excise of 51. per Cent, to be paid on Tea fold in Great Britain by the East India Company for as. 6d. per lb. and upwards,

(or having been so.d, found in their Warehouses,

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise upon Tea; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament*, as charges a Duty of five Pounds Centum upon Tea imported into or sold in Great Britain.

[(Oth May 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public f^xpences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, as shall be adequate to the increased Chjrge oc- cafioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional Duty herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respedi thereof by any Acts of Parliament, the further Duty of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say. For and upon all Tea, which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be fold in Great Britain, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for two Shillings and Sixpence per Pound Weight and upwards, or which having been fofold, shall be found in any Warehouse belonging to the said United Company after the passing of this Act, a Duty of five Pounds per Centum, to be computed upon the Gross Prices at which such Tea shall be fold, to be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Tea to the said United Company, and to be paid by the said United Company to the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being. ‘oJHBFi

) after passing this Act.

Duty to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and a Drawback to be allowed on Exportation, &c.

Pr»2C Tea fold,

pursuant to 3 3 Geo. 3. c. 34. to be subject to additional Duty.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated fund.

Application of Duties.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty by this Act imposed shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, and shall be again drawn back and repaid upon the Exportation of such Tea to any Place where a Drawback of the Duty on Tea is now allowed by Law, and upon the same Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are respectively contained, provided, settled, or established by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force immediately before the passing of this Act, and relating to the Exportation of Tea; and the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in Execution upon such Exportation of any such Tea; and the said Duty by this Act imposed shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid by such Persons, and tinder, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, which are respectively contained, provided, settled, or established, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force immediately before the passing of this Act, and relating to the Excise Duties payable for or in respect of Tea; and the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures respectively shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and paying the said Duty by this Act imposed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and again enacted in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Tea taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, pursuant to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions prescribed by an Act passed in the thirty-third* Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty by this Act imposed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time aiifing by the Duty by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster \ and the said Money, so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monks to arise by the Duty by this Act im-

Posed, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the urpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by such Part of any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, as shall not exceed the Sum of seven Millions; and the said Monies, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, ditlindily and apart from all

other Branches of the Public Revenue; and there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of

755

37 Geo. 3. c. 15.

7.) recited.

and repealed, (o far as it extend* to charge the Duty of 5l. per Cent, upon Tea after patting it,

and the Commissionctk of the Customs may order Repayment of any such Duty so paid.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 42, 43.

the kid Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising by the said Duty, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such Part of such increaitd Charge as afore-1’aid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried coastw fe within Great Britain, except Wine and Coals when brought or carried coastwise, and for other Purposes, an additional Duty of Customs, at and after the Rate of live Pounds/vr Centum upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs then payable by Law, was imposed upon any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes imported into Great Britain, with certain Exceptions as in the said recited Act are particularly mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act should be

repealed, so far as the same extends to charge the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon any Tea imported into or sold in Great Britain :* Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, so far as the same extends to charge the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon any Tea imported into Great Britain, or any Tea sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Erjl Indies, from and after the passing of the said recited AdE

imported into Great Britain, or sold at the Sales of the East India Company

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Duty of five Pounds per Centum shall have been paid upon any Tea imported into Great Britain, or sold at the Sales of the said Company, in pursuance of the said recited Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them, to order the Repayment of such Duty so paid, and to cause the same to be repaid in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall think proper.

f m - I b a C f 1 j v s, j. lii<f 1 t

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Salt.

[10th May 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament af-sembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's public Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional Rates and Duties on Salt herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted :* and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Salt, over and above the Rates and Duties now due and payable thereon, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, the several additional Rates and Duties following; that is to say.

For every Bushel of Salt, not being the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, which shall have been For every Bushel imported into Great Britain after the thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or f1f foreign Salt which shall be imported, there shall be charged the Sum of ten Shillings, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity: r- - fter April jo, .79*,*iU

For every Bushel of Salt, not being of the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, which shall have been Fore very Bushel imported into Great Britain, and wmch, alter the thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have been or shall be found in any Ship or Vessel, in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any Quay or Wharf upon the first landing thereof, or which, after the said thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have been or shall be ip any Cellar or Warehouse, in which the same shall have been put, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained and provided by any Act or Acts of Parliament, concerning the cellaring or warehousing of foreign or imported Salt, and which shall not have been charged with the additional Duty hereby granted, there shall be charged the Sum of ten Shillings, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Bushel of Salt and Rock Salt, which, from and after the thirtieth Day of/fyr/7 one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have been or be made at any Salt Work, or taken out of any Salt Pit or Pits in Great Britain, there shall be charged the Sum of five Shillings, and after that Rate for any

greater or less Quantity: any Pit in Great Britain, after April 30, 1798, 51 j

For every Bushel of Salt and Rock Salt which shall have been made at any Salt Work, or taken out of and for every any Salt Pit or Pits in Great Britain, and which, from and after the thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have been or shall be fold, delivered, orient out of or from any Cellar,

Warehouse, Storehouse, or other Place, belonging to or occupied by the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers of any Salt Work, or Salt Pit or Pits, or which, from and after the said thirtieth Day

5E 2 of

The following additional Duties on Sait to b paid:

of such import# cd Salt found in any Vessll, or

warehoused

after April 30, 1798, not charged with the additional Duty, 10s.

For every Bushel of Salt and Rock Salt made, or taken out of

Bushel of such Salt sent out of any Warehouse after that Day, and not charged

756

C. 43.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

ith the add!

tional Duty, $:

and for every

Bushel imported from Scotland into England, that has paid the Duty now payable on such Importation, 5s.

The additional Duty to be allowed on Exportation

of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have been or shall be fold, delivered, or sent out of or from any Cellar,' Warehouse, Storehouse, or other Place, in which the same shall have been put before the Duty now payable thereon shall have been paid, and which shall not have been charged with the additional Duty by this Act granted, there shall be charged the Sum of five Shillings, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity: 1, ’

For every Bushel of Salt and Rock Salt, which, from and after the thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have been or shall be imported from Scotland into England, accompanied with a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the Duty now payable on Salt imported from Scotland to England, and which shall nor have been charged with the additional Duty hereby granted, there shall be charged the Sum of five Shillings, and after the same Rate for any greater or less

Quantity: ';. U Vvft Tyrwrfi

And that a Drawback of the additional Duty be allowed upon the Exportation of all Salt made in Great Britain.

Duties and Drawbacks to be paid and allowed as the present Duties.

Duties to be under the Management of the

of Excise on Salt.

The additional Duty to be added on Contracts, made before April 30, 1798, for Salt to be delivered after that Day.

Which said several and respective additional Rates and Duties hereinbefore granted, and Drawbacks hereby allowed, shall and may from Time to Time be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and subject to such Penalties and forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Allowances, Repayments, Rules, Regulations, and Directions, in all Respects, (not otherwise directed by this Act,) as the present Duties on Salt are or can, by any Law or Statute now in Force, be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, and paid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the several and respective Powers, Authorities, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, Powers of Recovery, and Mitigation of Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, Allowances, Repayments, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enabled in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Duties of Excise upon Salt in England for the Time being; and such ^thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise upon Salt in Scotland for the Time being.

III. And whereas Contracts or Agreements may have been made before the said thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by Importers and Dealers in foreign Salt, and determined by Makers

C I 1m CoU im t — A? I /\r li ir»k VnU rofr^oAti ifpl ff dull t f aL

c of or Dealers in Salt, in Great Britain, for such Salt respectively to be delivered after the said thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight ;* be it therefore enacted, That such Importers or

Dealers, and such Makers or Dealers respectively delivering such Salt after the said thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in pursuance of such Contracts, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties, by this Act imposed and paid for or in respect of such Salt respectively, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer.

Application of Duties.

the same. T

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund,.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the said additional Rates and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by such Part of any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, as shall not exceed the Sum of seven Millions; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such Part of such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his

Act may be altered or repeated thit Session,

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any AccounMyhatever.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof* or the Duties hereby granted, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 44. 757

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to enable his Majesty to call out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

[10th May 1798.]

An An

Scotland, powered

37 Geo. 3. c. xo$,

46 An to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland,

his Majesty, notwithstanding no Accounts or States of Persons liable to serve as Militia Men had been transmitted for certain of the Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places in Scotland, is empowered, from the Lifts, States, and Accounts, which had been transmitted to his Majesty's Privy Council, previously

to apportion and divide over the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, from which such Lists, States, and Accounts, had been transmitted, the Number of Militia Men to serve for each such County, Stewartry, City, or Place: And whereas his Majesty has been pleased, by his Order in Council, to ap- portion and divide a certain Number of Men amongst the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, in Scotland, which have made such Returns as aforesaid: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, by the said several Acts, his Majesty is empowered to embody and call out Part of the Men so to be ballotted, without calling out the Whole; and in case his Majesty should think fit so to do, 1 in what Manner the Men so to be called out can be selected :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

c. 12. of tlljf Session recited.

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order in Council, from Time to Time, to order and direct: any Part of the Men, by the said Acts directed to be apportioned and divided amongst the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places aforesaid, to be embodied and called out, as his Majesty shall think fit, and for that Purpose either to direct the Whole of the Men ballotted for any particular County, Stewartry, City, or Place, with their Officers, or any Proportion of such Men, with a«y particular Number or Description of their Officers, or any Proportion of Men in each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, with any Proportion or Description of Officers serving for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, as his Majesty shall judg* proper to be so embodied and called out, and to put such Men as his Majesty shall think proper from Time to Time to cause to be embodied and called out as aforesaid, under the Command of such General Officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to diieft such Forces to be led by their respective Officers into such Parts of the Kingdom, and for such Purposes as by the first-mentioned Act his Majesty is authorized to direct, with respect to the Whole of the Men thereby directed to be ballotted; and generally to do, and to order and direct to be done, all Matters and Things touching such Parts of the said Men as his Majesty shall, from Time to Time, think proper to embody and call out in pursuance of this Act, in like Manner as his Majesty is, by the said first-mentioned Act, empowered to do with respect to the Whole of the said six thousand Men j any Thing in the said first-recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think proper to direct any Proportion of Men ballotted to serve for any County, Stiwartry, City, or Place, to be embodied and called out as aforesaid, the Lieutenant for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, together with two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Ab/ence of the Lieutenant, any three or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, shall appoint what Numbers of such Men so directed to be embodied and called out, shall be taken from the Men ballotted to serve for each of the several Districts, Parishes, or other Divisions of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and shall appoint Subdivision Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of ballotting for such Numbers of Men to be embodied and called out for each of such Districts, Parishes, or other Divisions, at which Subdivision Meetings respectively the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, and Schoolmaster, attending, shall proceed to ballot for the Number of Men appointed to be embodied and called out for each District, Parish, or other Division as aforesaid, by the same Methods, Rules, and Regulations, and in like Manner as the original Ballot for Men to serve for such Districts, Parishes, or other Divisions respectively, is directed to be made by the said several Acts, or either of them; and the Names of all the Men so ballotted for the Purpose of being embodied and called out as aforesaid, shall be marked on the Lift of the Men ballotted to serve for such Districts, Parishes, or other Divisions respectively, and when the Ballot shall be concluded, the Lift of the Men so ballotted for the Purpose of being embodied and called out, shall be publicly read, and the Names of all the Men so chosen by Ballot for the Purpose of being embodied and called out as aforesaid, shall be returned to the Clerk of the

General Meeting of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, for which such Men shall be ballotted as

6 aforesaid.

His Majesty, by Order in Council, may order any Part of thi Men directed by the recited Act to be apportioned among the Counties, &c. to be embodied, and put under the Command of ConeraJO&cers.

When his Majesty shall order any Proportion of Men to be embodied, the County Lieutenant, Arc. to appoint what Numbers shall be taken from the Men ballotted for each District, and appoint Subdivision Meetings for ballotting for them, Arc. Names of Men so ballotted, to be

marked on Lifts, fee. and the Men to be embodied.

75

Notice to be g.vcn the Men ballotted of the Time and Place of act* mhling for embodying the m.

Pay to commence when chosen! y Ballot.

Before or on May xx, 1793, Volunteers m;.y be accepted as Substitutes for Men ballotted, &c.

H sufficient Volunteers shall not offer for any Dif-tritf, so many Men shall be ballotted for, as shall be necessary to complete the Number to Le embodied. Volunteers not having been bai-lotted to serve, to be /worn and enrolled

Volunteers tube approved by two Deputy Lieutenants, Ax.

Volunteers, or ballotu-d Men rot appealing to be embodied, to be deemed Deserters;

and if such Vo-luntcer^ do not appear within two Months, the Persons in whose dead they are accepted shall serve, or find other Substitutes.

If a Volunteer shall not be a Substitute for any particular Person, or if any Man choftn by Ballot, and not appearing, shall not be

C. 44. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

aforesaid, and the Persons so chosen by Ballot to be embodied and called but as aforesaid, shall be embodied and called out accordingly; and the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall, at a General Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose, dure& Notice to be given to the Men who shall have been ballotted for the Purpose of being embodied and called out in pursuance of this Act, of the Lime and Place of their assembling in order to their being embodied, and the Men who shall be so declared to have been ballotted in pursuance of this Act, shall immediately proceed and repair to, and shall duly attend at, the Time and Place so to be appointed and declared, in order to their being embodied accordingly; and the Pay of every such Man who shall be so embodied in pursuance of this Act, shall commence on the Day on which such Men respectively shall be so chosen by Ballot to be embodied and called out into actual Service.

III. And be it further enacted, That if at any Meeting as aforesaid, on or before the twenty-second Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, any Persons or Person shall offer themselves or hiin-self as Volunteers or a Volunteer, to be embodied and called out, and serve as Militia Men or as a Militia Man, for any District, Parish, or othir Division, instead of any Men or Man to be ballotted for in pursuance of the said Act, and shall be approved and accepted as able and fit for Service as herein after mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants arvi Justices present at such Meeting, to accept such OfT'er, and to enter the Names or Name of such Volunteers or Volunteer upon a List to be made for that Purpose; and if the Number of Men who shall so offer as Volunteers, shall be equal to the Number of Men directed to be embodied or called out for such District, Parish, or Division, the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices-shall not proceed to ballot for any Men to be embodied and called out for such District, Parish, or Division, but shall return such List of Volunteers instead of a List of Men ballotted in pursuance of the Directions for that Purpose he re in-before contained; and in case the Number of Persons who shall so offer to be embodied and called out, and to serve as Volunteers, shall not be equal to the whole Number of Men directed to be embodied and called out for such District, Parish, or Division, the said Lieutenants and Justices shall ballot, according to the Directions herein-before contained, for so many Men only as shall be necessary, together with such Volunteers, to complete the Number directed to be embodied and called out for such District, Parish, or Division, and shall return such List of Volunteers, and a List of such ballotted Men, making together the complete Number of Men required, in the same Manner as Lists of ballotted Men are herein-before directed to be returned as aforesaid; and if any such Volunteer as aforesaid shall not have been before ballotted to serve in the Militia for such District, Parish, or Division, such Volunteer shall be sworn and enrolled to serve in the Militia for such District, Parish, or Division, in the same Manner as if such Volunteer had been offered and approved as a Substitute in pursuance of the said Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign: Provided always, that every such Volunteer who shall be accepted and returned as aforesaid, shall be able and fit for Service, and approved by two or more of the said Deputy Lieutenants, as such, before his Offer to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid shall be accepted; and in case any such Volunteer as aforesaid, who shall be so approved and accepted as aforesaid, shall offer to serve as a Substitute for any Person before ballotted to serve as aforesaid, not being himself a ballotted Militia Man, the Person for whom he shall so offer to serve as a Substitute, shall, upon his being accepted, (worn, and enrolled as aforesaid, be discharged from further Service, in the same Manner as if such Person had provided a Substitute in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act of the thiry-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign; and if such Volunteer shall be a ballotted Militia Man, but shall offer to serve instead of another chosen by Ballot to be embodied and called out for the same District, Parish, or Division, the Service of such Volunteer shall be accepted instead of the Person for whom he shall offer to

serve as aforesaid. ^ rnfm

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Volunteer as aforesaid, or any Person so chosen by Ballot to be called out and embodied as aforesaid, shall not appear at the Time and Place which shall be appointed for his Appearance, to be embodied as aforesaid, and march in pursuance of such Orders as shall be given for that Purpose, every such Person, unless labouring under some Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man, shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Privisions of any Act then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Defcrlion; and if any such Volunteer so neglecting to appear and march, shall not be taken within two Calendar Months after he ought to have appeared and marched as aforesaid, the Person for whom he shall have been accepted as a Vplumeer or Substitute, shall, within one Calendar Month after Notice for that Purpose, personally appear and serve as a Militia Man, and be duly sworn and enrolled accordingly to join the Regiment or Body of Militia to which he shall belong, or shall find another able and fit Person to serve as a Substitute, who shall be approved and accepted by two or more of the said Deputy Lieutenants, and sworn and enrolled accordingly; and if any such Volunteer who shall so neglect to appear and march as aforesaid, shall not have offered and been accepted to serve instead of any particular Person before chosen by Ballot to be embodied and called out as aforesaid, or if any Person so chosen by Ballot, shall neglect to appear and march as aforesaid, and shall not be taken as a Deserter within two Calendar Months after he ought to have appeared and marched as aforesaid, Notice thereof shall be given to the District, Parish, or Division, for which such Person ought to have served as aforesaid; and unless such District, Parish, or Division, shall, within one Calendar Month after such Notice, procure a fit and able Person to serve instead of such Deserter, who shall be accepted and approved by two or more of the said Deputy Lieutenants, and sworn and enrolled.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 44. 759

the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices a$ing for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, Hull proceed to ballot for another Person to serve for the District, Parish, or Division, for which such Deserter ought to have fcTved as aforesaid, in the same Manner as herein-before directed for the original Ballot for Men to be embodied and called out as aforesaid; and in case such Deserter shall be afterwards taken, such Deserter shall nevertheless be compelled to serve, in the same Manner as he would have served if he had appeared at the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose.

taken wichm two Months, unless the Diftritfl for which he ought to serve shall, within a Month after Notice, procure a fit Person in his Stead, a frefti Ballot to be had. Such Deserters, if taken, also to be comptlled to serve.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to any two or more Deputy Lieutenants

assembled at any Subdivision Meeting, that any Militia Man so embodied as aforesaid is dead, or that any such Militia Man is unfit for Service, and such Militia Man shall therefore be discharged, such Deputy Lieutenants shall forthwith cause another Person to be chosen by Ballot to be embodied and called out in the Stead of the Militia Man so dead or discharged, and from the Didrift, Parish, or Division, which furnished the Man or Men so deceased or discharged; and such Person shall serve accordingly by himself or his sufficient Substitute, in the same Manner as if he had been originally chosen by Ballot to be embodied and called out in pursuance of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to cause the Number of Men to

be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, from Time to Time, to be formed into such Regiments or Battalions, to consist of such Companies, and of such Number of Men in each Company, and to fix the Number and Rank of Officers in such Regiment or Battalion, and also such Number of Serjeants in each Company, as his Majesty shall think expedient; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Proceedings which may have been had and done at any General Meeting of the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, within fourteen Days after the Receipt of his Majesty's Order in Council, shall be valid and effectual, and also all Proceedings which shall be held and done at any General Meeting of the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, which may be summoned by the Lieutenant, or failing of him, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, subsequent to the said fourteen Days, and before the twenty-second Day of May, shall be equally valid and effectual as if the same had been done, and the same Proceedings had, within the said fourteen Days.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first-recited Act as authorizes the Captains of Companies to appoint Drummers, Corporals, and Non-commissioned Officers, to the said Militia, shall be and is hereby repealed; and that the Colonel or Commanding Officer of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, may and shall appoint two Persons to be Drummers to each Company, and may and shall appoint Corporals in the Proportion of one to twenty Men, and may displace such Drummers and Corporals respectively for Misbehaviour, and appoint others in their Room, from Time to Time, as he shall see Occasion, and may and shall appoint the Serjeants in the Regiment or Battalion under his Command, and also fill up such Vacancies of Serjeants as may happen therein; and it shall be lawful for the1 said Colonel or Commanding Officer as aforesaid, to displace any Person so appointed a Serjeant, and to dismiss, or cause such Person so displaced to be reduced to the Rank of a private Militia Man; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, may appoint a Serjeant Major and a Drum Major; and that all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, having received Pay as such from any Regiment or Battalion, shall be deemed to be engaged, and compellable to serve in such Regiment or Battalion until they be legally discharged.

IX. Provided always, That no Person who shall keep any House of public Entertainment, or who shall fell any Ale or Wine, or any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of being appointed^ or serving as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in the said Militia.

Deputy Lieutenants to cause other Persons to be chosen by Ballot, in the Stead of Men dead or discharged.

His Majesty may

order the Men embodied to be formed, and officered, as he ffi ill think proper.

Proceedings of

General Meetings within 14 Days after Receipt of his Ma— j«ft) ’$ Order in Council, to be valid, &c.

§ 45- of 37 Geo. 3. c. 103. authorizing the Captains to appoint' Drummers, &c. repealed*; the Colonel or Commanding Officer to appoint them,

and also Serjeants, &c.

No Victualler to be a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer.

760

v

t{- 9-

If any Person redding or being in Great Britain shall there or elsewhere during the War, make, or procure to be made, any Advance for the Purchase of any Debt due to any Government in Switzerland, &c. he shall forfeit. jooool. and Treble the Value of the Advance.

All Contrails

touching/uch Debts, &c. to be void.

Any Person negotiating such Dealing, to forfeit .500 L

Recovery of Penal tics.

3. 45.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 179 8.

CAP. XLV.

\n Act to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase or on the Credit of Debts owing to any of the Governments in Switzerland, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, without Licence for that Purpose; for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous" Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies, to Switzerland; and also the Provisions of an A«5t, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty f, for preventing Money or Effects in the Hands of his Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by, any Persons residenc in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, to the United Provinces, and to Switzerland, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government.

[10th May 1798.]

« \ x WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent Persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase or on the Credit of Debts owing to any of the Governments in Switzerland, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, during the present War,

‘ without Licence first obtained for that Purpose Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person residing or being in Great Britain during the said War, knowingly and wilfully, in Great Britain or elsewhere, shall make, or agree to make, or cause or procure to be made, any Advance of Money whatsoever, or of Goods, Merchandize, or Effects, or other valuable Thing whatsoever, to any of such Governments, or Body Politic or Corporate, or any Persons or Person whomsoever therein, or shall accept, pay, indorse, or negotiate, or agree to accept, pay, indorse, or negotiate, or cause or procure to be accepted, paid, tndorled, or negotiated, or shall guarantee or agree to be Security for the Payment of any Bill of Exchange, or other Bnl, Note, or Security for Money, for or in Consideration of any Purchase or Transfer of any Debt or Deals, or of any Share or Interest in any Debt or Debts, due or owing to any of the said Governments, or of any Territories or Places now dependent thereon, or under the Government of any of them, or due or owing to any Persons or Person residing or being within any of the said Governments, Territories, or Places, or for or in Consideration of or upon the Security or Credit of any such Debt or Debts, or shall knowingly and wilfully, in any Manner whatsoever, purchase, or agree to purchase, or become entitled to or interred in, for valuable Consideration, or by way of Security or Indemnity, any such Debt or Debts, or any Parts or Part of any such Debt or Debts, every Person so offending shall, (hr every such Offence, forfeit the bum of one thousand Pounds, and also Treble the Amount or Value of the Money, Goods, Merchandize, Eftefls, or valuable Thing, so advanced, or agreed to be advanced, as aforesaid, or of such Bill of tx-change, or other Bill, Note, or Security for Money, with respea to which any such Dealing shall be had

as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Contrasts and Agreements whatsoever touching or concerning

any such Debt or Debts as aforesaid, or any Parts or Part of any such Debt or Debts, or touching any Money or other valuable Consideration advanced, or to be advanced, for or in respea of any such Debt or Debts, or for or in respea of any Goods, Merchandize, Effeas, or other valuable Thing fold, or agreed to be sold, or for or in respea of any Bills of Exchange, or other Bills, Notes, or Securities, drawn, accepted, indorsed, negotiated, given, or executed, in Consideration thereof, or by way of Security, Indemnity, or otherwise, for or concerning the same, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes what-

HI." And be it further enacted, That if any Broker, or other Person residing or being in Great Britain shall knowingly and wilfully, in Great Britain or elsewhere, negotiate or transaa, for Commission or otherwise, any Dealing prohibited by this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum ot five hundred Pounds to any Person who wilt sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Penalties and forfeitures aforesaid shall and may

be recovered, in that Part of Great Britain called Eng, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or by Information or Bill in Eqmty; and in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Aaion or summary Bill or Information in the Courts ot Session or Exchequer in Scotland-, and to any such Information or Bill in Equity the Party or Parties against whom the same shall be exhibited, shall be obliged and compelled to answer upon Oath for Discovery of

761

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 45.

the Dealings and Transactions by Means whereof such Penalties an'! Forfeitures shall have been incurred; and it shall be lawful for the Court, wherein such Information or Bill (ha-il be exhibited, to proceed and decree thereupon, and enforce such Decree in the same Manner as is used in other causes in the said Courts.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ad which shall be done by any Person, or in any Place, by virtue of or in Obedience to any Licence or Authority from his Majesty, either under his Sign Manual, or by Order in Council or Proclamation, or by virtue of or in Obedience to any Licence or Authority from any Persons or Person to be authorized by his Majesty, under his Sign Manual or otherwise, as his Majesty shall think fit, to give such Licence or Authority, or to any Act done in his Majesty's Service by any Person or Persons who shall be employed therein.

VI. And whereas it is expedient to extend to Switzerland, and the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government, the Provi- fions contained in an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Asstftance being given to his Majesty 5 Enemies \ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the several Times herein after mentioned, and during the said War, all and every the Provisions in the said Act contained, shall extend, and shall be construed, deemed, and taken, to extend, to Switzerland, and all and every the Territories ar.-d Places under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War exercise, the Powers of Government in Switzerland, and all Persons residing or being, or who shall during the said War reside or be, within the same, or within any of the Territories or Places aforesaid, and to the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War exercise, the Powers of Government therein, or in any Part thereof, or any of the Territories or Places aforesaid, in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if Switzerland, and the Territories, Places, and Persons aforesaid, and every of them, had been expressly mentioned in the said Act, and ail and every the Provisions in the said Act contained had been expressly applied thereto respectively, and Switzerland, and the Territories, Places, and Persons aforesaid, had in all Parts of the said Ad been mentioned together with France, and the Territories, Persons, and Places described in the said Act; and that all and every the Acts thereby prohibited to be done by Persons residing or being in Great Britain, with respect to France, or the Persons exercising, or who during the said War might exercise, the Powers of Government in France, or Persons residing pr being within any of the Dominions of France, or any Town, Territory, Port, or Place annexed to France, or under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who might exercise, the Powers of Government in France, shall be deemed and taken to be, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties, Provisions, and Restrictions, prohibited with respect to Switzerland, and all and every the Territories and Places under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War exercise, the Powers of Government in the said Provinces, and all Persons residing or being, or who shall during the said War reside or be, within the same, or within any of the Territories or Places aforesaid, and to the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War exercise, the Powers of Government therein, or any of them, or any of the Territories or Places aforesaid.

VII. And whereas there is Reason to believe that Letters of Attorney have been procured from Persons

within the Power of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, or of the Governments under their Controul, and especially in the United Provinces, and in Switzerland, for the Purpose of transferring Stock in the Public Funds, and other Public Stock, for the Benefit of the Persons so exercising the Powers of Government in France, to the Prejudice and against the Will of the Proprietors of such Stock; and that many of such Letters of Attorney have been antedated;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Letter of Attorney, purporting to be a Letter of Attorney from any Person or Persons who, on or before the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, was or were, or at any Time since has or have been, in France, the United Provinces, or Invitzerlandy or any of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, or any Territory or Place under the Government,- or subject to the Power of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, or under the Government, or subject to the Power of any Persons exercising the Powers of Government in the said United Provinces or Switzerland^ or any Part thereof, shall be valid and effectual to authorize the Transfer of any such Stock, without Licence for that Purpose first had and obtained from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and that all Transfers of Stock which shall be made by or under the Authority of any such Letter of Attorney, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes., "I

VIII. And whereas it is also expedient to extend, as well to the United Provinces as to Switzerland, and the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein respectively, and to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government respectively, the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing Money or Effects in the Hands of his Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or di/pofeable by, any Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of thf Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for prese ruing the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the several Times herein after mentioned, and during the said War, all and every the Provisions in the said last mentioned Act contained, shall extend, and shall be construed, deemed, and taken to

38 Gjeo. III. / 5 P extend.

Act not to extend to any Thing done by Licence from his Majesty.

35 Geo. 3. C27. to extend to Switzerland, and all Places under Dominion of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein.

t

No Letter of

Attorney from any Person who was, on or before March 1, 1798, or who has been since, in Fiance, the United Provinces, or Switzerland,^. shall authorize the Transfer of Stock without Licence from the Secretary of State.

34 Geo. 3. c. 9. to extend to the United Provinces and Switzerland, and all Places under the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein respectively,

762

Act may be repealed or altered this Session.

Commencement ci Att.

Sp much of % Ann*, c. 6, as grants Protections, and

.13 Geo. a. c. 17.

and so much of acto. 3. c. 15.

C. 45, 46. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

extend, to the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively, and to every Part thereof respectively, and to all and every the Territories and Places under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War exertife, the Powers of Government in the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively, or any Parts or Part thereof respectively, and to all Persons residing or being, or who shall during the said War reside or be, within the same respectively, or within any of the Territories or Places aforesaid, and to the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War exercise, the Powers of Government within the said United Provinces or Switzerland respectively, or any of them, or any of the Territories or Places aforesaid, in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively, and every Part thereof, and the Territories, Places, and Persons aforesaid, and every of them, had been expressly mentioned in the said Act, and all and every the Provisions in the said Act contained had been expressly applied thereto respectively, and the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively, and every Part thereof, and the Territories, Places, and Persons aforesaid, had in all Parts of the said Act been mentioned together with France, and the Territories, Persons, and Places described in the said Act; and that all and every the Acts thereby prohibited to be done by Persons residing or being in Great Britain with respect to France, or the Persons exercising, or who during the said War might exercise, the Powers of Government in France, or Persons residing or being within any of the Dominions of France, or any Town, Territory, Port, or Place annexed to France, or under the Government of the Persons exercising, w who might exercise* the Powers of Government in France, shall be deemed and taken to be, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties, Provisions, and Restrictions, prohibited with respect to the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively, and every Part thereof, and all and every the Territories and Places under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War exercise, the Powers of Government in the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, and to all Persons residing or being, or who shall during the said War reside or be, within the same respectively, or within any of the Territories or Places aforesaid, and to the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War exercise, the Powers of Government in the said United Provinces or Switzerland respectively, or any Parts or Part thereof respectively, or any of the Territories or Places aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to repeal, amend, alter, or vary this Act, or any Part thereof, during the present Session of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take place and have Commencement as to the present Matters hereinbefore contained, from the End of one Week after the passing of this Act, as to all Acts which shall be done by any Person whatsoever in Great Britain, or which shall be done in any Parts out of Great Britain, by any Person who shall have been in Great Britain at any Time after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of this Act, and shall take place and have Commencement one Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, as to all Acts which shall be done in any Part of Europe, other than Great Britain, by any Person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this Act and one Calendar Month after the passing of this Act; and shall take place and have Commencement three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, as to all Acts which shall b'e done in any Parts of the World out of Europe and not beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any Person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this Act and the End of three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act; and shall take place and have Commencement six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, as to all Acts which shall be done in any Part of the World beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any Person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this Act and the End of six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act.

---

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy.

[26th May 1798.]

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament, Persons under certain Descriptions are protected from being impressed into his Majesty's Service at Sea: And whereas it is expedient, for the Public Defence, that such Protections should be suspended for a limited Time be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

That so much of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Ann*, intituled, An Act for the Increase of Seamen, and better Encouragement of Navigation and Security of the Coal Trade, as grants any Exemption or Protection to any Apprentice or other Person from being impressed, or permitted or suffered to lift on enter into his Majesty's bea Service; and also one Ad, passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Increase of Mariners and Seamen to navigate Merchant Ships, or other trading Ships or Vessels'y and also fo much of an Act passed in the second Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Supplying the Cities London and Westminster with Fish> and to reduce the present exorbitant

Price thereof and to protest and encourage Fishermen, as grants any Protection to the Persons therein described, from being impressed into his Majesty's Service at Sea 3 and also so much of an Act passed in the

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46,47, 4.8.

eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery, as grants the like Protection to the Persons therein described; and also so much of any other subsequent Act or Acts as grants the like Protection to any Person or Persons therein described, shall be, and the lame are hereby declared and enacted to be of no Force and Effect for and during the Space of five Calendar Months, to be computed from the twenty-fourth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: Provided nevertheless, That the Suspension of the said Acts, so far as they relate to Persons serving on board of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade, shall not continue longer than one Calendar Month, to be computed from the twenty-fourth Day of May aforesaid.

.763

1 f Geo 3. c. 38.

and of any other Act, as grants Protedions to Persons from being impressed, to fufptrtukd for five Months, from May 24, 179$:-

But such Suspension, so far as relates to Persons in the Coal Trade, to continue only for one Month.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be sued or molested for taking and im^ Persons not to pressing, or causing to be taken and impressed, within the Time aforesaid, any Person or Persons for his ^faedforim- Majesty's Service at Sea, contrary to the rrovisions.of the said Acts, or any of them., she^nm^ specified, contrary to the recited Acts.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[26th May 1798.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, parted in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners.

[26th May 1798.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax> to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: And whereas determined by the said Act is enacted, That certain Persons named and appointed, or to be named and appointed, Commissioners in Manner therein mentioned, should put the said Act in Execution as therein directed; but it is not thereby required that such of the Commissioners as shall act within or for any City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate, (except as therein particularly provided,) shall be qualified in any other Manner than by being an Inhabitant of such City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate, by reason whereof improper Persons sometimes Ad as Commissioners :* Tor Rerricdy whereof be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act, within any City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate, (except the Cities, Liberties, and Places, the Commissioners acting within which are respectively required to be qualified as in the said Act is particularly mentioned and directed,) unless such Person shall, at the Time of his acting, be seised or possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the Value of forty Pounds per Armunu or more, of his own Estate, being Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold, over and above all Ground Rents, Incumbrances, and other Reservations, payable out of or in respect of such Leasehold Estates, or unless such Person shall, at the Time of his acting as aforesaid, be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of one thousand Pounds, nor unless he shall in either Case be an Inhabitant of the City. Borough, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate, within which he shall act as a Commissioner, nor (except in’administering the Oath or Affirmation herein after mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following; videlicet,

I A.B. do swear, JV, being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm,] That I truly and bona fide am possessed of, in my own Right, and in the actual Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of forty Pounds, or possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of one thousand Pounds. So help me GOD.’

"Which Oath it shall and may be lawful for any Commissioner to administer to any other, any Thing in the said first recited Act, or any other Act, contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding and if any Person hereby required to be so qualified as aforesaid and not being so qualified, or not having taken an Oath or Affirmation as hereinbefore directed, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act; every such Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to and for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, Together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, over and above such other Pains and Punishments as he may be liable to by any Law or Sta tute of this Realm for wilful and corrupt Perjury j and in every such Action brought against any such Person

I

C. 5. of this Session.

No Person to act

as a Commissioner of the Land Tax in any City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate, unless qualified as herein mentioned.

Oath of Qualification,

which any Commissioner may administer.

50l. Penalty for acting not being qualified, or not having taken the Oath.

Proof of Qualification to lie on the Defendant.

764

C. 48, 49, 50. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

so acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act without being qualified as aforesaid, the Proof of Qualification shall lie on the Person against whom the said Action shall be brought, and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to prove that the Defendant hath acted as such Commissioner.

II. And whereas by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting - - 4 an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised 'in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thou-

Jandseven hundred and ninety-eight, it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Persons shall be capable " " *1 A or arry of the Powers, therein contained, in or to Qualifications of Commissioner$, recited.

and repealed.

No Person to act as a Coni- mi kroner for any County in England or Wales, (except certain Counties,) or for any Riding in Yorkshire, unless qualified as herein mentioned.

of acting as for any County at

Commissionerinjta Execution of the said

thin En

ominion of JVcu

ounties of Merioneth, Cardigan,

vuni eojj Lyon* nnvii y - -o

Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, Radnor, and Monmouth, excepted,) or in or for any of the Ridings of the County of ?V/*, unless such Person be seised or possessed in the same County or Riding,

of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments o own Estate, being Freehold, Copyhold, or Lea

ot one nundrei

un

and other Kelervations, payable out of or in respect or luc

ol

s per Annunis or more, of his irountl Kerns. Incumbrances, ates which were taxed and did

pay by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven Be it enacted, That the above recited Clause shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said Act, or any of the Powers therein contained, in or Tor any County at large within England, the Dominion of Wales, (the Counties of Merioneth, Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, Radnor, and Monmouth, excepted,) or in or for any of the Ridings of the County of York, unless such Person be seised or possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the Value of one hundred Pounds Per Annum, or more, of his own Estate, being Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold, over and above

round Rents, Incumbrances^and otfier Kelervations, payable out of or 111 respect of the same, or un-less such Person be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be seised or possessed of a like Estate of the Value of three hundred Pounds per Annum, one Moiety of which said

required as Qualifications shall be ntuate within such respective County or Ki

or which such Person is appointed a Corn-

[Public Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of such, by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, in Trustees and their Heirs, upon certain Trusts therein mentioned, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain.

[26th May 1798.]

[See the Stat. 34 Geo. III. Cap. 78. for making a Canal from the C alder Navigation to the Duke of Bridgwater’.? Canalr.]

CAP. L.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom> or resident therein, in certain cases.

[id June 1798.]

33 Geo. 3. c. 4. 4 \ \ 7

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act fccited. for flablishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom. or resident therein, in certain

c cases, in consequence of the Number of Persons, not being natural-born Subjects of his Majesty, or De-4* nizens, or Persons naturalized by Act of Parliament, who had then lately re (or ted to this kingdom, and the Danger which it was apprehended might arise to the public Tranquillity, from the Resort and Rest- dence of Aliens, under the Circumstances then existing, unless due Provision should be made in respect thereof, divers Provisions were made respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, and resident therein; which Act has been continued by subsequent Acts until the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and runety-nine: And whereas the Refuge and Asylum which, on Grounds of Humanity and Justice, have been granted to Persons flying from the Oppression and Tyranny exercised in France, and in Countries invaded by the Armies of Francey or under their Power or Controul, may, notwithstanding the Provisions of the said Act of the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, be abused by Persons coming to this Kingdom for Purposes dangerous to the Interests and Safety thereof; and the general indu.gence to Aliens resorting to this Country may also be

abused by Persons not within the Provisions of the said Act 3 and it is therefore necessary to make further

"IE i ? Provision*.

A.D. 1798.

tricesimo

Georgii III. c. 50. 765

His Majesty, By Proclamation, may require Aliens to register themselves, and obtain Li. etnees for Re-fukncej which may or may not be 1. mi ted in Point of Time.

§ 2.

Provisions for the Safety of this Kingdom with respect to Aliens; and particularly to the End that a just Distinction may be made between Persons who either really seek Refuge and Asylum from Oppredion and Tyranny, or resort to this Country, and are resident therein, for Purposes only of Commerce, or for other just or innocent Purposes, and Persons who, pretending to claim the Benefit of such Refuge and Asylum as aforesaid, or to resort to this Country, or to relide therein for commercial or other just or innocent Purposes, have or shall come to, or shall he in this Kingdom with hoftiie Purposes, and especially to favour oraflift the Execution of the Projects of the Enemies of his Majesty, now openly declaring their Intentions to invade this Kingdom, and to endeavour to destroy the Religion, Laws, and Liberties of the People thereof, and the Form and Constitutron of its Government, and to bring upon this Kingdom all the Calamities which have been fuffeied by France\ be it enacted by the Kirf^’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 'I'hat it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued for that Purpose, from Time to Time, to require and command every Alien who ftull then be in, or shall thereafter come into, this Kingdom, (except as herein after excepted *,) to register himself or herself, in the Manner herein after mentioned, with such Person or Persons, and in such Distriilor Districts, as his Majesty by his said Proclamation shall appoint, and within such Tune or Times as in such Proclamation or Proclamations shall be required; and thereupon to obtain from such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall for that Purpose appoint, his Majesty's Royal Licence to such Alien to reside within this Kingdom, either generally in any Part thereof without Restriction, or specially in such Place or Places, and under such Restrictions or Conditions, as to his Majesty shall seem fit; which Licence shall either be without Limitation in Point of Time, or shall endure for such Space of Time as shall therein be expressed, and no longer; but every such Licence shall be capable of being revoked, and if limited in Point of Time, shall be capable of being renewed and continued at such Times and in such Manner, as in such Licence, or from Time to Time by his Majesty's Proclamation or Order in Council, shall be directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of obtaining, such Licence as aforesaid, every such Alien as aforesaid shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Person or Persons who shall, by any such Proclamation, or by any Order of his Majesty in Council, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, be appointed to receive the same, and at or before the Time to be appointed for that Purpose, a full and true Account in Writing of his or her Name, Age, Rank, Occupation, or Profession, and where such Alien was born, and of what Parents, and where such Alien usually resided beyond the Seas before his or her Arrival in this Kingdom, and whtffe such Alien last resided beyond the Seas before his or her last Arrival in this Kingdom, and in what Situation or Condition, and for what Reason and for what Purpose such Alien left such Residence and came to this Kingdom, and when such Alien iaft arrived in this Kingdom, and at what Place, and whether before or after the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and if after, whether such Alien made such Declaration or delivered such Account as is required by the said recited Act of the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, and when and to whom, and at what Place; and in what Town or Place, Towns or Places in this Kingdom such Alien has resided since the Time when such Alien last arrived in this Kingdom: Provided always nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for his Majesty to exempt any Alien or Aliens, by the Perms of any such Proclamation, or by any Order in Council, orfpecially by Warrant from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, from the Obligation to deliver such Account as by this Act required, in the Whole or in Part, as to his Majesty shall seem fit: Provided also, that no Alien who shall deliver any such Account as aforesaid, shall be liable to any Prosecution for any Offence against the said Act of the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, by reason of any Matter or Thing disclosed in such Account. cution for offences against 33 Geo. 3.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being an Alien, shall be found at large in Great Penalty on Britain after the Time in any such Proclamation to be limited for obtaining such Licence as aforesaid by such Person. such Person not having obtained such Licence as aforesaid, or an Allowance of Time unexpired to obtain such Licence, and not being exempted from the Obligation to deliver such Account as aforesaid, by this Act, or by any Proclamation or Order of his Majesty in Council, or by special Warrant from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, such Person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall and may, at the Discretion of the Court before whom he or she shall be so convicted, be adjudged to differ Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding one Year, or to be transported beyond the Seas for any Time not exceeding seven Years.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person authorized to grant such Licences as aforesaid, and to whom Application shall be made for any such Licence as aforesaid, shall think fit to refuse to give such Licence to any Alien who shall apply for the same, such Alien so applying for such Licence shall be forthwith conveyed before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and committed to Prison, until such Alien shall be conveyed out of Great Britain, by Warrant from one of his Majesty's Principal.Secretaries of State i unless his Majesty shall otherwise think fit, or unless the Person authorized to grant such Licence, and to whom Application for the same shall have been made, shall think fit to give such Alien further Time for the Purpose of obtaining such Licence, and shall signify the Allowance of such further Time by Writing under his Hand and Seal, specifying the Time allowed for obtaining such Licence; during which Time-

the Alien to whom such Time shall have been so allowed, shall and may reftde within this Kingdom, in the same.

To obtain fueft Licences an Account shall be delivered by every Alien containing certain Particulars*, respecting his Birth, Rest-dence, &c.

His Majesty may exempt

Aliens from delivering such Accounts; and Aliens delivering them, not liable to Prose-

Alicns found at large, not hav. ing obtained Licences; Imprisonment or Transportation.

Jftbc Persons

authorized to grant Licences -think fit to re. fuse them, ihc Parties to be conveyed before a Justice, and

comquUcd,

766

If Aliens be sourd out of the District allowed by Licences, Sec they shall be forfeited

If Licences, Scc. be loft, &c. fresh ones may be granted.

33 Geo. 3. c. 4. to extend to. Alien Merchants, and to Aliens in the Kingdom on or before Jan. 1, 1792 j Provisions in that Act to the contrary 10, Stc. there f) repealed.

No Alien to leave the Kingdom Without a

Faflpoit, which shall be produced to the Officer of the Customs for his Allowance, r.nd to the MaftcY of the Vessel, before Embarkation.

Penalty on Muftei s permitting Aliens to embark without Paftpjrts, &c. 500l. awl on Aliens so embarking, Impri-so intent, or

Transportation.

Mariners employed in navigating Vessels may embark

without Pair-

ports.

Aliens having quitted their Countries on Account of the Troubles in France, &c. not liable to be arriftid for Debts contracted beyond the Seas wut of nis Ma-

C. 50. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

9

same Manner as if such Licence had been obtained: Provided nevertheless, that he or she fb2.ll, during such Time, rekde in such Place, or within such District, as shall be expressed for that Purpose in such Writing allowing further Time as aforesaid, and not elsewhere.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Alien having such Licence as aforesaid, or such Allowance of further Time to obtain a Licence as aforesaid, shall, at any Time alter, be at large in Great Britain, in any Place not being the Ptece or District within which such Alien shall be allowed to reside as aforesaid, or shall be found not to have complied with the Restrictions or Conditions (if any) under which such Licence or Allowance shall have been granted, such Licence or Allowance shall be forfeited and determined, and such Alien shall be liable to all such Penalties as he or she would have been subject to if no such Licence or Allowance had been granted.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Licence, or Allowance of further Time to obtain a Licence, shall he loll, mislaid, or destroyed, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons authorized to grant such Licence or Allowance of further Time as aforesaid, upon Proof on Oath, to his or their Satisfaction, that such Licence or Allowance of further Time has been so loft, mislaid, or destroyed, to grant a fresh Licence, or Allowance of further Time to obtain a Licence, stating the former Licence or Allowance, and the Reason of granting such fresh Licence or Allowance; which fresh Licence or Allowance shall be of like Force as the Instrument so lost, mislaid, or destroyed.

VII. 14 And whereas, in the said Act passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, certain Provisions are contained with respect to Alien Merchants, who are thereby in a great Degree exempted from the Provisions in the said Act respecting other Aliens; and such Act does not, in many cases, extend to Aliens who arrived in this Kingdom on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two j* be it enacted, That so much of the said Act of the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, as relates to Alien Merchants, and tends to exempt them from any of the Provisions in the said Act respecting other Aliens, shall be, and the same is hereby, from and after the passing of this Act, repealed; and the said Act of the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign shall extend, and be construed, deemed,

#and taken to extend, in all cases, to Alien Merchants, and also to all Aliens who arrived or were in this Kingdom at any Time on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, in such and the same Manner as if such Aliens had not been Alien Merchants, or had arrived in this Kingdom after the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Alien to leave this Kingdom, without a Passport for that Purpose first obtained from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from some Person authorized by his Majesty to grant such Pailport; which Passport shall be produced to the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs, at the Port or Place where such Alien shall embark for the Purpose of leaving this Kingdom; which Officer, being satisfied that the Person producing such Partport is the Person to whom the same was granted, and who was intended to be named and described therein, shall allow such Passport, and shall certify such Allowance by marking the same on such Passport, and signing the same with the Date of such Allowance; and such Passport, with such Allowance thereon, shall be produced to the Master or Person having the Charge or Care of the Ship or Vessel in which such Alien shall propose to embark, before such Alien shall be permitted to embark on board any Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of leaving this Kingdom; and if any Alien shall embark onboard any Ship or Vessel, in order to leave this Kingdom, with the Knowledge, Privity, or Consent of the Master, or of the Person having at the Time the Command, Charge, or Care of such Vessel, not having obtained such Passport as aforesaid, and such Allowance thereof, signed by the proper Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, every such Master or Person having the Command, Charge, or Care of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place at which such Alien shall embark as aforesaid; and every such Alien who shall embark on board any Ship or Vessel, with Intent to leave this Kingdom, not having previously obtained such Partport as aforesaid, and such Allowance thereof, signed by the proper Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, at the Discretion of the Court before whom such Alien shall be so convicted, be adjudged to suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding one Year, or to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding seven Years: Provided always never-theless, that it shall not be necessary for any Mariner adhially engaged* and employed in the Navigation of any Ship or Vessel, during the Time that such Mariner shall be actually so engaged or employed, to obtain any such Passport as aforesaid; but such Mariner shall and may be permitted to embark on board such Ship or Vert'd for the Purpose of leaving this Kingdom, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That Aliens abiding in this Kingdom, having quitted their respective Countries by rearon of any Resolution or Troubles in France, or in Countries conquered by the Arms of F, a nee, shall not be liable to be arrested, imprisoned, or held to Bail, or to find any Caution for their forthcoming, or paying any Debt, nor to be taken in Execution on any Judgment, nor by any Caption, for or by reason of any Debt or other Cause of Action, contracted or arising in any Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions’of his Majesty, while such Aliens were not within the said Dominions of his Majesty; and in case any such Alien shall have been or shall be arrested, imprisoned, or held to Bail, or taken in Execution og a judgment, or by any Caption, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Alien shall be discharged

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 50. 767

Majesty's Dominions.

Aliens to leave the Kingdom immediately on obtaining their Paflporisi

No Alien arriving after pa fifing this Act to depart from the Place of Arrival, but for certain

after passing this Act every Person, nor keeping a public Inn, who shall receive an Alien to lodge for more than 48

produce tys Licence, &c. and /hail, within two Days, deliver a Copy thereof to the Overseers of the Poor, &c. on Penalty of rod.; Half to the Informer and Half to the Poor.

therefrom by Order of any of his Majesty's Courts in Westminster Hall> or of the Court of Session in Scotland> or of any Judge of such Courts in Vacation Time.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Alien, who shall have obtained a Passport to leave this Kingdom in pursuance of this Act, shall not proceed with due Diligence to leave this Kingdom according to such Passport, such Alien shall be liable to all such Penalties as he or she would have been subject to if no such Passport had been granted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Alien, who shall arrive in this Kingdom after the passing of this Act, shall depart from the Place in which he or she shall have so arrived, except for the Purpose of making such Declaration, or obtaining such Passport as by the said Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign are required to be obtained by such Alien, or for the Purpose of delivering such Account, and obtaining such Licence as hereinbefore mentioned, until such Alien shall also have obtained such Licence to reside in this Kingdom, as hereinbefore mentioned. > # Purposes, until he has obtained a Licence. *$3*8

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the End of one Week after the passing of this Act, a Week

every Person, not keeping a public Inn for Reception of Guests, and licensed to sell Ale or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, who shall receive into his or her House or Apartment, for the Purpose of lodging or rending the rein, for more than forty-eight Hours, any Alien, who ought to procure a Licence to reside in this Kingdom in pursuance of this Act, shall require such Alien to produce such Licence, or an Allowance of Time to obtain such Licence, or a Passport for such Alien to leave this Kingdom, and to deliver a Copy of such Licence, Allowance of Time, or Passport, before such Person shall receive such Alien into his or her House or Apartment to lodge or reside therein for more than forty-eight Hours, and shall, within two Days’ hours' after such Alien shall have come to lodge or reside in such House or Apartment, deliver such Copy of such quire him to Licence, or of such Allowance of further Time to obtain a Licence or Passport, to the Overseers or Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place where such House or Apartment shall be situate in England\ and to the Schoolmaster of the Parish or Place in Scotland, with a Notice, that the Alien named therein did come to lodge or reside in such House or Apartment, ona Day in such Notice to be specified, which shall be the very Day on which such Alien actually came to lodge or reside in such House or Apartment*; and if any Person shall knowingly receive into his or her House or Apartment, to lodge or reside therein as aforesaid, any such Alien not producing such Licence, or Allowance of Time to obtain a Licence or Passport, or not delivering a Copy thereof as aforesaid, or shall neglect to deliver such Copy, with such Notice as aforesaid written thereon, to such Overseers or Overseer, or Schoolmaster as aforesaid, within the Time aforesaid; every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place where such House or Apartment shall be situate.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, not keeping a public Inn for Reception of Guests, and licensed to sell Ale or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, who shall, at the Expiration of one Week after the passing of this Act, have any Alien lodging or residing in his or her House or Apartment, shall, within ten Days after the passing of this Act, deliver to the Overseers or Overseer of the Poor of the Parish,

Township, or Place, where such House or Apartment shall be situate in England^ and to the Schoolmaster of the Parish or Place in Scotland, a Notice in Writing, describing such Alien by his or her Name, and specifying the Time When such Alien first: came to lodge or reside in such House or Apartment; and if any Person shall knowingly have received in his or her House or Apartment any such Alien, not having given Notice thereof as aforesaid, within the Time aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Poinds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where such House or Apartment shall be situate.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That true Copies of all such Notices which shall be so delivered to such Overseers or Overseer, or Schoolmaster, as aforesaid, shall by them or him be transmitted four Times in every Year, (that is to say,) on the first Day of July, the first Day of September, the first Day of December., and the first Day of March, in each Year, to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, in which such House or Apartment shall be situate, and the same shall be laid by such Clerk of the Peace before the Justices of the Peace, at their next Quarterly Sessions of the Peace for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, and shall by them be certified to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and such Justices shall from Time to Time make, at their Quarterly Sessions, such Order or Orders in the Premises, as may be necessary for the due Observance and Execution of the several Provisions herein contained, by the said Overseers, Schoolmaster, and Clerk of the Peace rcspeclively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or for any

Justice of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place, within this Kingdom, from and after the passing of this Act, to require any Alien, not exempted from the Provisions of this Act, to exhibit to such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, his or her Licence to reside in this Kingdom, or Allowance of Time to procure a Licence or Passport to leave this Kingdom, which such Alien is hereby required to produce accordingly; and in Default thereof, or in case it shall appear that such Alien has not complied with the Terms of such Licence or Allowance, or has not proceeded with due Diligence to leave this Kingdom, according to such Passport, such Mayor, Magistrates, or Justice, may commit such Alien to the I Common

And every such Person who shall have any Alien lodging with him shall, within 10 Days after patting this Act, deliver a Notice to the Overseers, &c. describing the Alien by his Nar.iAc. under a like Penalty.

Copies of such Notices to be transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace to Le laid before the Quart er Sessions, and by them certified to a Secretary of State.

Magistrates may require Aliens to produoe Licences, &c. and may commit them in Default thereof, or for net having complied with the Terms, & c.

768

The riincipal Secretaries of U c. may

cause fufptr&ed Aliens to I c iaken into Custody.

Mayors, &c. to transmit Accounts of titcir i'roccedings touching such

W1

Aliens to a Principal Secretary of State, for his Majesty's Plea-fur*.

His Majesty may order Aliens to be detained in Custody, to prevent them departing the Kingdomr

No Alien to land till the Matter of the Vessel has made the Declaration required by § i. of 33 Geo. 3. c. 4. and a Permission be obtained; or the Alien shall be committed, and the Matter shall forfeit 300l. unless he proves such Alien was landed again#

Jus Will.

Officers of the Customs or Excise jnay detain Vessels, ic.

Penalty for forging Licences, ic. or obtaining them under false Names, &c. Imprisonment and Transporution.

Xhe Secretaries of State may cause Alit ns ordered to quit the Kingdom to be taken into Custody, and to giveSecurityfor quitting it, ic.

C. 50. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Co-nmon Gaol, or other public Prison, to answer for the Offence of which such Alien shall have been guilty, there to remain until he or fhc shall be discharged by due Course of Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, the Lord Mayor, or any one or more of the Aldermen of the City of London, and for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, being specially authorized by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or generally authorized by Order of his Majesty in Council, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or other M a gift rate or Magistrates of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, so authorized, to cause any Alien whom he or they shall have Cause to suspectto be a dangerous Person, to be taken into Custody, and examined, and either discharged or detained in Custody, as shall appear adviseable; and if it shall bethought fit to detain such Alien in Custody, it shall be lawful for such Secretary of State, or such Mayor, Alderman, or Chief Magistrate, or other Magistrate or Magistrates, or such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal,'or Hands and Seals, to order such Alien to be detained in Custody until his Majesty's Pleasure shall be known, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize; and every such Mayor, Alderman, Chief Mag iff rate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall forthwith transmit 2n Account of his or their Proceedings touching such Alien, to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to the End that his Majesty's Pleasure may be declared therein; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, or by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one of his Principal Secretaries of State, either to direct that such Alien shall be discharged, or continued in Custody for such Time or in such Manner as his Majesty shall think fit, or ordered to quit the Kingdom.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty shall be adviled, that it may be dangerous to

the Security of the Kingdom to fend any Alien out of the Kingdom, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, or by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to order such Alien to be detained in Custody in this Kingdom, in such 'Place and in such Manner as his Majesty shall think fit, and until his Majesty shall give other Order to the contrary.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Alien shall be permitted to land in this Kingdom, until the Master or Commander of the Ship or Vessel, in which such Alien shall have arrived, shall have made the Declaration concerning Foreigners on board his Ship or Vessel, required by the said Act of the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, and shall have obtained, from the proper Officer of the Customs, a Permission, in Writing, to land such Alien; and in case any Alien, not being a Mariner actually engaged and employed as such in the Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, shall land in this Kingdom from any such Ship or Vessel, without such Permission first obtained, such Alien shall forthwith be taken into Custody, and carried before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall commit such Alien to one of his Majesty's Gaols, or to such other Custody as to such Justice shall seem fit, until his Majesty's Pleasure concerning such Alien shall be known; and the Master or Commander, or the Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every Alien so landed, unless he shall make it appear that such Alien was landed from such Ship or Vessel against the Will of such Master or Commander, or the Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel; and such Penalty shall be recovered before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and one Moiety thereof shall go to the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence was committed, and the other Moiety to the Informer; and it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, to detain such Ship or Vessel until fljch Penalty shall be paid; and any Boat or Vessel used in landing any such Alion/rom the Ship or Vessel in which such Alien shall have arrived as aforesaid, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and the same shall be forfeited, together with all Tackle, Apparel, Ammunition, and Furniture thereunto respectively belonging.; -

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any such Licence, Allowance of Time to obtain a Licence, Passport, or Allowance of a Passport, hereinbefore directed to be obtained, or shall obtain any such Licence, Allowance of Time to obtain a Licence, Passport, or Allowance of a Passport, under any other Name or Description than the true Name and Description of such Alien, (without disclosing to the Person granting such Licence, or Allowance of further Time to obtain a Licence or Passport, the true Name and Description of such Alien, and the Reason for concealing the same,) or shall falsely pretend to be the Person intended to be named and described in any such Licence, Allowance of Time to obtain a Licence, Passport, or Allowance of a Passport, every Person so offending, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall suffer Imprisonment in the Common Gaol for any Time not exceeding one Year and, if the Court before whom such Person shall be convicted shall think fit, shall ailo be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding seven Years.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any Alien shall be ordered to quit this Kingdom in pursuance of the said Act of the thirty^third Year of his Majesty's Reign, or of this Act, it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to cause such Alien to be taken into Custody, and carried before any Justice of the Peace, or Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place, where such Alien shall happen to be, and to require such Alien to give Security to quit this Kingdom within a Time to be limited by the Recognizance, in a sufficient Penalty, of two or more

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 50. 769

Persons, who shall be either natural-born Subjects of his Majesty, or Persons naturalized or made Denizens, or Aliens having Licence to reside in this Kingdom, such Security to be approved by such Justice of the Peace, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate; and if such Security shall not be given, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate, and he is hereby required, to commit such Alien to the Common Gaol, there to remain until he or she can be sent out of this Kingdom by Warrant from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Licences, Allowances of further Time to obtain Licences, Passports, and Allowances of Passports, herein directed to be obtained, shall be given without Fee or Reward, and shall be subject to no Duty or Charge whatsoever.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Foreign Ambassador, or other Public Mi-mister duly authorized, nor the Domestic Servants of any such Foreign Ambassador or Public Minister, registered as such according to the Directions of the Laws in Force for that Purpose, or being actually attendant upon such Ambassador or Minister, shall be deemed an Alien within the Meaning of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall affcdl any Alien in respect of any Act done or omitted to be done, who shall make it appear that he or she was not above the Age of fourteen Years at the Time when such Act was so done or omitted to be done: Provided always, that if any Question shall arise whether any Person alleged to be an Alien, and subject to the Provisions of this Act, or any of them, is an Alien or not, or is or is not an Alien subject to the said Provisions, or any of them, the Proof that such Person is, or by Law is to be deemed to be a natural-born Subject of his Majesty, or Denizen of this Kingdom, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, or if an Alien, is not subject to the Provisions in this Act contained, or any of them, by reason of any Exception contained in this Act, or which shall be expressed in any Proclamation or Order in Council as aforesaid, or in any Special Warrant from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, shall lie on the Person so alleged to be an Alien, and to be subject to the Provisions of this Act, some or one of them.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Person shall be adjudged to be transported in pursuance of this Act, the Transportation shall be adjudged to be, and shall be, to such Place or Places as his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall direct or appoint.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person ordered or adjudged to be transported in pursuance of this Act, shall be found at large within this Realm, after Sentence of Transportation pronounced, he or she shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, exceeding the Sum of one hundred Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, or by Action, or Summary Bill or Information in the Courts of Judiciary or Exchequer in Scotland, as the Case shall require, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, not exceeding the Sum of one hundred Pounds, shall, on Conviction of the Offender upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering to such Offender the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months; and no Writ of Certiorari, or of Advocation or Suspension, shall be allowed to remove the Proceedings of the said Justice, touching the pecuniary Penalties aforesaid, or to supersede or suspend Execution or other Proceeding thereupon.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, shall be deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses for the Purpose of proving the Commission of any Offence against this Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Township, or Place, notwithstanding any Part of the Penalty incurred by such Offence is given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance or by Colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed; and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his or their Suit or Prosecution, or if Judgment be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, or otherwise, such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions therein contained, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and also the said Act passed in the thirty. third-Year of his Majesty's Reign, shall have Continuance until the first Day of in the Year one thousand eight hundred, and thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

38 Geo. III. £ - 5 G CAP.

Licences, See to be given gratis.

Act not to extend to Foreign Ambassadors nor their Servants:

nor to Aliens not upwards of 14 Years old. Proof to lie on the Party accused.

Transportation

to be to such Place as his Ma-jc fty in Council shall HH

Persons sentenced to Transportation founA within the Realm to fuftfer Death.

Recovery of Penalties.

Offenders to be committed for Want of Di ft refs. No Writ of Certiorari, &c. to be allowed touching pecuniary Penalties. Inhabitants may be Witnesses.

Limitation of Actions.

General Iffus.

[Treble Costs.]

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

( c. 77.,

Continuance of this and the reeled Ad.

770

C. 51.

Anno tricesimo octavo Geor gi i III.

* flk

A.D. 1798.

CAP. LI.

f. 31.

1 *3

The County Lieutenant, on Desire of Volunteer Cavalry to assemble for Exercise, may make Order for that Purpose, See,

Justices to issue Precepts to Peace Officers for quartering such Volunteers, as for the Regular Forces.

County Lieutenant to certify to the ReceiverGe-neral, the Number of Men and Days appointed for Exercise, who fit all issue Pay for the Volunteers to the Commanding Officer.

An Act for authorizing the billetting such Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, and for exempting from the Payment of certain Duties Persons providing Horles for the said Yeomanry Cavalry.

[1st June 1798.]

WHEREAS many Corps and Troops of Volunteer Cavalry, raised under and by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty*fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, or under ano by virtue of two Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament f, for raising a provisional Force of Cavalry, are desirous of assembling together at such convenient Places, and for such Time as may be fixed, under the Authority of this Act, for the Purpose of more effectually training and disciplining themselves; and for that Purpose it may be necessary to provide Quarters, and to billet such of the said Volunteers as may not find it convenient to return to their own Houses after each Day’s Exercise:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever the Men enrolled, or the Majority of them, in any such Troop or Corps of Volunteer Cavalry, shall, through their Captain or Commanding Officer, signify in Writing to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, wheic such Troop or Corps shall be raised, or in case of Vacancy, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, to the Deputy Lieutenants executing the Office of the Lieutenant, their Desire to assemble under the Command of their own Officers at any Place in particular, or at any convenient Place or Places, either within the same County, Riding, or Place, or without, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, for any Space of Time not exceeding in the Whole twenty Days, either successively or at Intervals, within the Space of five successive Months, and either in separate Corps or Troops, or together with any other Corps or Troops of Volunteer Cavalry, who shall also have signified their Desire of assembling for that Purpose in like Manner, or with any Regiment, Battalion, Troop or Troops of his Majesty's Regular Forces of Cavalry, or any Number of such Cavalry, in case his Majesty shall think proper to give Directions to such of his Cavalry as aforesaid for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants respectively, in every Year during the Continuance of this Act, in pursuance of the Defile of any Corps or Troop of Volunteer Cavalry, to be signified in Manner aforesaid, to make any Order for assembling such Volunteer Cavalry, to be directed to any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Volunteer Cavalry shall be appointed to assemble themselves for the Purpose aforesaid, at such Place or Places as the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, with the Concurrence of the General Officer having the Command of the District, and in case the Place appointed shall be in another County or Riding, then also with the Lieutenant of such County or Riding, or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, in which Order shall be specified the Pbce and Places at which, and the precise Time or Times during which such Volunteer Cavalry are to continue so assembled under the Authority of this Act; and the Justice of the Peace, to whom such Order shall be directed, shall issue his Precept to the Constable, Headborough, or other Officer of the Peace of the Place where any such Volunteer Corps or Troops are to be assembled, for the quartering and billetring the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, and Trumpeters of such Volunteer Corps or Troops, upon such Persons and in such Houses, situate in the Place or Places specified in such Order, as his Majesty's Regular Forces may by Law be quartered and billetted; and that, from and after the Delivery of any Order of the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, or Deputy Lieutenants, acting as aforesaid, made with such Confe any

Non-commissioned Officers, Private Men, and Trumpeters, of any such Corps or Troop of Volunteer Cavalry, in all and every the Houses situate in such Pjace or Places as aforesaid, in which, and upon all and every the Persons on whom, any of his Majesty's Regular Forces may by Law be quartered and billetted; and that, from and after the Delivery of any such Order, during the Times appointed as aforesaid for such Training and Exercise, all and every the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Penalties, Allowances, Matters, and Things, provided and established by any Act or Acts now or hereafter to be in Force for quartering and billetting his Majesty's Regular Forces, shall be used and put in Practice for the quartering and billetting the Corps and Troops of Volunteer Cavalry assembled under the Authority of this Act, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Penalties, Allowances, Matters, and Things, had been specially re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, or the Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall have fixed the Days and Place of Exercise for any Corps or Troop of Volunteer Cavalry, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Place, specifying the Number of Men and the Number of Days appointed for exercising them, not exceeding in the Whole twenty; and such Receiver General is hereby required, within fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay to the Officer having the Command of each Corps or Troop, at the Rate of two Shillings per Day for each such Volunteer who shall attend the Place of Exercise, and one Shilling and Four-pence per Day for each Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to such Corps or Froop, and used in Exercise.

t BH And

uv.uam ui any Ksuuiiiy) di 1 Vi III4UC Will) lllCil

ifent and Concurrence as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, or Place, where such Corps or Troop of Volunteer Cavalry are to assemble, it shall be lawful to quarter and billet the

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 51, 52.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Officer Having the Command of each Troop of Volunteer Commanding Cavalry shall make up an Account of all Monies received and paid by him, on Account of such Exercise, Officer to make according to the following Form: in J

COUNTY of

Dr.

To Cash received of the Receiver General for Days Pay of

Men -

To Ditto for Days Allowance

for Horses

£ t

Per Contra

Cr.

Paid Volunteer Cavalry Men for

their Attendance at the Place of Exercise on the Days appointed, being Days Pay -

Paid Allowance for

Horses used in Exercise for Days -

£ s. d.

which he shall sign and deliver to the Receiver General, Scc.

Which Account shall be signed by the Officer having the Command of such Troop; and such Officer shall, within ten Days alter the Time such Exercise is finished, deliver such Account, and pay the Balance, if there be any due, to the Receiver General; and such Account shall be allowed as sufficient Vouchers, in the passing of the Accounts of the Receiver General, by the proper Auditor of his Majesty's Court of

Exchequer. V

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Turnpike Gate or Bar, for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps or Troops of Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise; any Thing contained in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

to or returning from Exercise.

V. Provided always, That such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of therr respective Corps or Persons claiming Troops, and have their Arms, Furnitures, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps and Troops respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid.

No Toll to be

taken for any Horses belonging to Volunteer Cavalry, going

yj 0101 [1^ Wlill ally U1 Ui L/ UIK. t lilly)vjicl» 1/ y 11 ( i |/clilLU III Lllv* prVvICIil Owl

An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid. and Contribution for the Prosecution such Person keeping oneCuch Horse, Mare, or Gelding only, shall be wholly

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall provide a Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for any Person serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry, raised under the Authority of any Act of Parliament now in force, or who shall at his or her Expence furnish a Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for any Person serving in any such Corps as aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable for such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, with any of the Duties imposed by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled,

*" v ~ of the War\ but that every

exempt from the said Duties during his Continuance in the said Service; and that every such Person keeping more than one such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall, during his Continuance in such Service, be assessed and charged according to the Rates in the said Act prescribed, for one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, less than the Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, by him kept and used as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Troop in which any such Person as aforesaid shall serve, not only the several Persons who shall serve, but also the several Persons who shall furnish any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for any other Persons serving in any such Corps, shall be inserted, and that Affidavits of the several Persons serving in such Corps, for whom any Horses, Mares, or Geldings shall be furnished, declaring by whom respectively the same are furnished, shall, in every such Case, be annexed to such Certificate.

such Exemption to be dressed in their Uniform, Sc c.

No Person furnishing a Horse for a Volunteer Corps to be charged for it, with the Duty imposed by c. 16. of this Session.

In the Certificates of Commanding Officers, the Persons who serve, and who furnish Horses for Olliers, shall be inserted.

CAP. LII.

An Act to regulate the Trial of causes, Indictments, and other Proceedings, which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

[ift 1798.]

WHEREAS there at present exists, in the Counties of Cities and of Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, an exclusive Right, that all causes and Offences which arise within their particular Limits should be tried by a Jury of Persons residing within the Limits of the County of such City or Town Corporate; which ancient Privilege, intended for other and good Purposes, has in many Instances been found, by Experience, not to conduce to the Ends of Justice: And whereas it will tend to the more effectual Administration of Justice, in certain cases, if Actions, Indictments, and other Proceedings, the causes of which arise within the Counties of Cities and Towns Corporate,

were tried in the

next adjoining v^cumies; in oroer thereigre to remeay tms iviiicmer for me ruture, oe it enacted ny rne

5 G 2 ‘King’s

772

C. 52.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 179?,

In Actions In any Court of Rcc6rd at Westminster, &c. if the Venue be laid in the County of any City or Town Corporate in England, &c. the Court may direct the Issue to be tried by a Jury of the County next adjoining.

Bills of Indirt-ment for Offences committed within the County of any City or Town Corporate may be per-ferred to the Jury of the County next adjoining.

Indi&ments found by a Grand Jury of the County of any City or Town Corporate, or Inquisitions taken before the Coroner, may be ordered by the Court of 0)er,

&c. thereto be filed with the proper Officer of the next adjoining County, and the Defendants removed to the Gaol thereof, &c. -

King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cor.sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this A£\, in every Action, whether the same be transitory or local, which shall be prosecuted or depending in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and in every Indictment removed into his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench by Writ of Certiorari, and in every Information hied bjf his Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor General, or by the Leave of the Court of King’s Bench, and in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall plead to or traverse any of the Fads contained in the Return to* any Writ of Mandamus, if the Venue in such Action, Indictment, or Information, be laid in the County of any City or Town Corporate within that Part of Great Britain called Englanclx or if such Writ of MandGtnus'bz ditedfed to any Person or Persons, Body Politic and Corporate, that it shall and maybe lawful for the Court in which such Action, Indictment, Information, or other Proceeding shall be depending,' at the Prayer and Instance of any Prosecutor or Plaintiff, or of any Defendant, to direct the Issue or Issues joined in lych Action* Indictment, Information, or Proceeding, to be tried by a Jury of the County next adjoining to the County of such City or Town Corporate, and to award proper Writs of Venire and Diflringas accordingly, if the said Court shall think it fit and proper so to do.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Pro* fecutor or Prosecutors to prefer his, her, or their Bill or Bills of Indictment, for any Offence or Offences committed, or charged to be committed, within the County of any City or Town Corporate, to the Jury

of the County next adjoining to the County of such City or Town Corporate, (worn and charged to inquire for the King, fur the Body of such adjoining County, at any Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery; and that every such Bill of Indictment, found to be a true Bill by such Jury, shall be valid-and effectual in La w, as if the same had been found to be a true Bill by any Jury sworn and charged to in~ quire for the King for the Body of the County of such City or Town Corporate

id be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to any Court of Oyer iner or General Gaol Delivery for the County of any City or Town Corporate, that any indict-

Thc Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, ice. may, on

Application of the Prosecutor, cause Persons in Custody for Offences committed within the County of any City or Town Corporate, to be removed into the Custody of the Sheriff of the next adjoining County, for Trial; and direct Coroners to return to the Court of Oyer and Terminer inquisitions, fee.

and Terminer

ment found by any Grand Jury of the County of such City or Town Corporate, or any Inquisition taken before the Coroner or Coroners of the County of such City or Town Corporate, or other Franchise, is fit. and proper to be tried by a Jury of any next adjoining County, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, at the Prayer of any Defendant, to order such Indictment or Inquisition, and the several Recognizances, Examinations, and Depositions, relative to such Indictments and inquisitions, to be filed with the proper Officer, to be by him kept among the Records of the Courts of Oyer or Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, for such next adjoining County, and to cause the Defendant or Defendants in such Indictment to be removed, by Writ of Habeas Corpus, to the Gaol of such next adjoining County; which Writ the said Court is hereby directed and authorized to issue, if such Defendant or Defendants be in the Prison of such City or Town Corporate; and if he, she, or they be not in such Prison, to commit such Defendant or Defendants to the Gaol of such next adjoining County, and to cause the Profecotois and Witnesses against such Defendant or Defendants, to enter into a Recognizance or Recognizances, to prosecute and give Evidence against such Defendant or Defendants at the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery for such next adjoining County; and that the same Proceedings and Trial shall be had, and the same Judgment shall be given, in such last mentioned Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, as would and might be had and given in Cases of Indictments or inquisitions for the like Offences, committed within such next adjoining Counties.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the Judges ol his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, or any of the Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, for such next adjoining or other County as aforesaid, on the Application of any such Prosecutor or Prosecutors ten Days next before the holding of any Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, for such last mentioned County, by proper Writs of Habeas Cortousx which they are hereby empowered and authorized to issue, to cause any Person or Persons who may be in the Custody of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or of the Keepers of any Gaol or Prison, charged with any Offence or Offences committed within the County of any such City or Town Corporate, to be removed into the Custody of the Sheriff of such next adjoining County, in order that he, she, or they may, for such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, be tried in such last mentioned County; and by Order under the Hand of any one of the said Judges or Justices of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, todiredt the Coroner or Coroners of the County of any such City or Town Corporate, or other Franchise, to return to the next Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, to be holden for such next adjoining County, any Inquisition or inquisitions, Examination or Deposition taken touching the Death of any Person or Persons within the Limits of his or their Jurisdictions; and that whenever, in pursuance of this Act, any Bill or Bills of Indictment shall be found by such Grand Jury as aforesaid, against any Person or Persons, for any Offence or Offences committed, or charged to be committed, within the County of any City or Town Corporate, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Courts of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, to issue Process for apprehending the Person or Persons against whom such Bill or Bills of Indictment shall be found, if notin Custody, and to compel Che Attendance of Witnesses Upon the Trial of such Indictments,

1 3

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

G. 5 2«

111

in like Manner as in Cases of Indictments found in any such Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, for Offences committed within such adjoining Counties.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Recognizance which, after the passing of this Act, shall be entered into for the Prosecution of any Person or Persons, for any Offence or Offences committed, or charged to be committed, within the County of any City or Town Corporate, or within any Liberty or Franchise, and every Recognizance for the Appearance as well of Witnesses to give Evidence upon any Bill of Indictment to be preferred, or any Inquisition found for any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, as for the Appearance of any Person or Persons to answer our Lord the King, fur or concerning the same, shall be forfeited, if the Prosecutor shall, ten Days previous to the holding of the next Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, in the next adjoining or other County, give Notice to the Person bound in such Recognizance to give Evidence upon such Bill of Indictment, or to answer our said Lord the King as aforesaid, of the Intention to prefer such Indictment, or to remove such Inquisition, in or into the next adjoining or other County, and the Party bound in such Recognizance shall not appear, prosecute, or give, or be ready to give. Evidence at such Court; but if the Person bound in such Recognizance, after Notice as aforesaid, shall appear at such Court of the next adjoining or other County, prosecute, give, or be ready to give. Evidence on such Indictment before the Grand Jury, and on the Trial thereof, or on the Trial of such Inquisition, then the said Recognizance shall be discharged in such and the like Manner as if the Person bound in such Recognizance had complied with the Terms thereof.

VI. Provided also, That in case the Person or Persons who shall enter into such Recognizance or Recognizances as aforesaid, cannot be found, and such Notice as aforesaid be left at his, her, or their last Place of Abode, ten Days previous to the holding such Sessions as last aforesaid, the same shall be as good and effectual as if the same were left with the Person or Persons who shall enter into such Recognizance or Recognizances; and that no such Recognizance shall be estreated or returned into the Court of Exchequer until the next following Section of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery to beholden for such next adjoining County, in order that such Recognizance or Recognizances may be discharged, in case the Person or Persons who shall have entered into the same shall shew to such Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery sufficient Cause for discharging the same.

x. Sessions for the adjoining County

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, before whom any such Recognizance or Recognizances as aforesaid shall be entered into, or by whom any Examination or Deposition shall be taken, touching any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required to return the same to the next Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery for such next adjoining County as aforesaid, upon such Prosecutor or Prosecutors as aforesaid leaving at the Dwelling House or other Place of Abode of the Person or Persons before whom such Recognizance or Recognizances shall be entered into, or by whom such Examination or Deposition shall be taken, ten Days before the holding of any Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery for such next adjoining or other County as aforesaid, Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to prosecute such Indictment or Inquisition at such last mentioned Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, for any Offence or Offences committed within the County of any City or Town Corporate; and that after the Delivery as aforesaid of any of the said Notices, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment, or to return any Inquisition, for any Offence or Offences mentioned in the said Recognizances, or any of them, at or to any Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery for the County of such City or Town Corporate.

any City or Town Corporate. After such Notice, Bill> shall not be preferred, &c. at any Sessions for the County of the City or Town Corporate.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases of Indictments, and other Proceedings, which may be tried before his Majesty's Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery (or any County, in pursuance of the Pruvitions contained in this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to order the Expences of the Prosecution, and of the Witnesses, and of the several Rewards payable in pursuance of the Statutes in such Cases made and provided on the Conviction of Offenders, to be paid by and to the same Persons, and in the same Manner, as the lame would be payable if such Indictment had been tried in the Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery of the County of such City or Town Corporate.

Recognizance! entered into for Prosecution of Persons for Offences committed within the County of any City or Town Corporate, &c. to be forfeited, if the Parties, on Notice of Intention to prefer Indictments in the next adjoining County, do not appear, Scc.

Notice left at the Abode of Recognizors who cannot be. found, to be effectual.

Recognizances not to be tf-treated until the next following

Persons before whom such Recognizances shall be entered into, &c. to return them to the next Court of Oyer and Terminer for the next adjoining. County, upon Notice of Intention to prosecute at such Sessions for any Offence committed within the County of

Justices of Oyer and Ternnner for the adjoining County may order the Expences of Pro. fecution, &c. to be paid, as-if

the lndLAment

bad been tried in the Court of the County of the City or Td&n Corporate.

IX. And be it rurtner enacteu oy the Autnoncy aforesaid, 1 nac, rortne Purposes or this Act, the county - 7 T, of York shall be considered as the next adjoining County to the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; bounty the County of Northumberland as the next adjoining County to the County of the Town oi Newcastle upon Kingitc

Tyne* Huil* a

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Purposes of this Act, the County Yorfetobe con-

__________ r ^t_ _ 't* e zr n. rr n fidcred as next

to

Kingston upon Hull, and

Northumberland as next to Nfewcastle upon Tyije.

X. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Cities of Actnottoex-London and Westm'ir.fter, or the Borough of Southwark, or the City or County of the City of Bristol, or the City or County of the City of Chester, or to the Criminal Jurisdiction of the City of Exeter and County of the same City, unless in Cases of Indictment removed into his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench by Writ of Certiorari, from any Court of Criminal Jurisdiction, within the said Cuy or County of the said City of Exeter.

- " XI. Pro-»

tend to certain Places 5

774 C. 52, 53. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

rorto take

XI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away any

iway any other other Rights or Privileges which have been anciently granted to such Corporations, by Royal Charters or

Coroom Grants, and which have been immemorially held and enjoyed by such Corporations; but that they shall

rations, who continue in the full Possession of all their other exclusive Rights and Privileges as much as if this Act of

shall not be 1»- Parliament had never passed; and that they shall not be obliged to attend as Jurymen upon the I rial of any

able to attend Cause or any Indictment which may be removed from the limited Jurisdiction to the County at large, nor as Jurymen upon the Trial of any other Cause, or any other Indictment, which maybe tried before his Ma*

of any Cauf^in jc^y’s Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, in the next adjoining

the County at County.

large.

Act not to au-

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act thorize the pre- contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable any Person to prefer any Bill of Indictment for *77*1\ f?y 1 11 an^ Offence committed, or charged to be committed, within the County of any City or Town Corporate, for ah Offence to Jury next adjoining County as aforesaid, or to remove any Indictment or other Criminal Pro-

committed ceeding, except the Person preferring such Bill, or applying for such Removal, shall enter into a Recog-within the nizance before the Court where such Bill shall be preferred, or the Court or Magistrate to whom such Appli-County of any cation shall be made, as the Case may be, in the Sum of forty Pounds, conditioned to pay the extra Costs C«ty or Town attending the prosecuting for such Offence in such next adjoining County, provided the Court before whom

theF J°uryCof ^he Trial is had shall be of Opinion that he ought to pay the same.

next adjoining County, unlefa Recognizance be entered into to pay the extra Costs.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns.

[21st June 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament aftenibled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased'Chargeocca- fioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose, to be paftf d in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein- after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Stamp Duties following; that is to say, r 'V;*

wearing any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, by whatever Name the same shall

or other Article on which the same

Persons using, That every Person ufin wearing, or be- be called, or who shall dc po ing possessed of ^a|] pajnted, marked, engraved

or riate,

all previously enter hisor her Name, and annually take out

a Certificate thereof in the Manner herein mentioned’:

Bear

ingson Carri-

ages. Seals, Plate, or other Articles, to take out an annual Certificate:

Such Certificates That upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate

issued to any Person keeping a Coach or other Carriage, upon which any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Faxes is chargeable, and on which such Armorial Bearing or Enlign shall be painted, marked, or affixed, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of two Pounds and two Shillings: 1

That upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate shall be issued to any Person not keeping any such Coach or other Carriage, who shall be charged to the Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, by any Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Pound and one Shilling:. LI, 1,

And that upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate issued to any Person not keeping any such Coach or other Carriage, not being charged to the said Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of ten Shillings and Sixpence.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge any of the Royal Family with any of the Duties by this Act imposed, or any Person who shall by Right of Office, or by Appointment, wear^orufe any of the Arms or Irflignia worn or used by the

to Persons keeping Carriages, to be charged al. as.;

and to Person* rot keeping them, but chargeable to Che Duties on Houses, &c. il. is j

and to Persons not so chargeable, 10s. 6d.

Act not to extend to the Royal Family, or to Arms used by Cities, &c.

Royal Family, or used by any City, Borough, or Town Corporate in Great Britain.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying the said Duties hereinbefore granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the 'rime being appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are required and empowered to denote the Payment of the said Duties by this Act imposed, either by using any Stamps in their Possession heretofore provided to be used in relation to any former Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or to provide new Stamps for that Purpose, and to renew or alter the same from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, and to do all Things neccdary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said Duties hereby granted, in as full and ample a Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the greater Convenience in paying the said Duties, the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, by any Writing under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of them, shall and may appoint such and so many Offices and Places, within the Limits of ten Miles from the Head Office of Stamp Duties in Middlesex, for the Receipt of ail Accounts of the Names and Places of Abode of Persons liable to the Payment of the said Duties, within the said Limits, in pursuance of this Act, and that the respective Head Distributors of Stamps shall also, without the said Limits, in their respective Divisions, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, appoint in every County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, in Great Britain, one or more such Offices and Places for the Receipt of all Accounts of the Names and Places of Abode of all other Persons liable to the Payment of the said Duties, without the Limits of ten Miles from the Head Office as aforesaid; all which said Offices and Places shall respectively be kept open for the Purposes of this Act on such Days, and during such Periods of the Year, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct; which Directions, and also the Situation of the respective Offices and Places aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall cause to be, from Time to Time, publicly advertised in fume Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of such Offices or Places respectively, with the Names of the Officers appointed to superintend the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or within the Space of two Calendar Months next ensuing, every Person liable to any of the Duties by this Act imposed, shall make such Entry as aforesaid, by delivering, or causing to be delivered, according to the Directions of this Act, into the Head Office of Stamps, or such other Office as the said Commissioners shall appoint within the Limits aforesaid, or in the Office of the Head Distributors of Stamps, or their Deputies, or other Persons appointed to receive the same, an Account in Writing, containing his or her Name and Place of Abode, and whether he or she is chargeable to the said Duties in respect of any Coach or other Carriage before mentioned, or to any of the Duties on Inhabited Houses, or on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or one of the family, or a Lodger or Inmate abiding in the House of any Person, with the Day, Month, and Year, of delivering in the same; and such Commissioners, or their Distributors respectively, or their respective Deputies, or such other Person or Persons who shall be appointed to receive such Accounts at the Office or Place of Delivery, shall thereupon, and upon Payment of the said Duty, issue a Certificate made out in the Name of the proper Officer, and stamped to denote the Duty by this Act imposed, in the Form and Manner herein after directed; and which Account and Certificate shall respectively be made out in the Forms following; (that is to lay,)

FORM OF ACCOUNT.

Day of in the Year of our Lord

Here fer forth the County and Parish, Ward, Street, or Town,\vhrre the Office is fftuate. Here set forth the Name or Names of the Parties. "1 Here set forth the Place of Abode, containing Town, Street, Parish, and County. 1Z. v. j;" v.i Here set forth whether the Party is chargeable for the said Duties in respect of any Coach or other Carriage before mentioned, or to any of the Duties on Inhabited [ Houses, or on Windows or Lights, or one of the Family j videlicet, Wife, Son, Daughter, Este. (<ri the Cttje may be,) or Lodger or inmate, and the Yiar for which the Certificate is to be taken out.

775

Duties to be un-

<Jer the Management of the Commissionert for Sumps.

Commissioners to appoint Offices within certain Limits for Receipt of Names, &c.; and the Head Distributors to appoint them without such Limit*, &c.

Persons liable to the Duty, to make Entry, and on Payment of Duty Certificates to be made our, in the following Forms.

7 76

C. 53.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

FORM OF CERTIFICATE.

Commencement and Determination of Certificates.

Commissioners to prepare Books containing Certificates, Scc.

On Payment of

Duty, Certificates to be delivered without Jee.

Distributors to return Books of Certificates to the Commissioners, who shall transmit annual Lists of Abe Persons

Counterpart.

Form (^Certificate,

Column for the Number of Certificate and Date.

I

Column for Name and Place of Abode and De scription.

Column for the County and Name of Officer.

Here set forth

the Number of Certificate and Date.

Here set forthl Here set forth the County

the Name and Place of Abodt| of the Party, or| other Description that may be necessary.

and Town, or Parish, where the Certificate i issued, and the Name the Officer issuing the same, and the Year which the Certificate is issued.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate issued by virtue of this Act, shall cease and deter-

mine on the twenty-fourth Day of June after the same shall be issued; and every Certificate taken out within two Calendar Months after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for the Year ending on the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or in any subsequent Year, for the Year in which the same shall be issued, shall be in Force until and upon the twenty-fourth Day of June then next following, and shall commence from the Date thereof; and every Certificate taken out for any Year subsequent to the Year in which the same shall be issued, shall commence from the twenty-fourth Day of June then next ensuing, and continue in Force until and upon the twenty-fourth Day of June in the succeeding Year.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties shall cause to be prepared Books, in which Certificates shall be printed in Blank, and Counterparts thereof, for the Names, Places of Abode, and Description of the Persons respectively, to whom the same shall be issued, to be inserted therein; which respective Certificates and Counterparts thereof, shall be of equal Length and Breadth as near as may be, and shall be joined with some Flourish or Device, through which the Certificates, being duly damped to denote the Duty hereby imposed, may be cut off indentwise from the Counterpart thereof, after being respectively numbered; and the said Commissioners shall take care to provide the several Distributors or other Officers to be appointed to receive Accounts from Persons liable to the said Duty by virtue of this Act, with sufficient Numbers of the said Books containing such Certificates and Counterparts as aforesaid, that all and every the said Persons may be supplied with Certificates, stamped in pursuance of this Act, as they shall require the same; and the said Commissioners and Head Distributors respectively, or their Officers aforesaid, who shall receive any Account or Accounts, together with the Duties payable by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, shall forthwith, in respect of each and every Person whose Name and Place of Abode shall be entered therein, fill up one of the said Certificates with the Name, Place of Abode, and Description of such Person entering such Account, and the Date of issuing the same, andihall, in like Manner, fill up the Counterpart thereof with the said Particulars, and, as the same are severally filled up as aforesaid, shall cause the Certificates to be carefully cut off, indentwise, from the Counterparts, and delivered to the respective Persons requiring the same in Manner aforesaid, on Payment of the Duty hereby imposed in respect thereof, and without Fee or other Charge.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Distributors and Officers aforesaid shall, whenever they shall be thereunto required by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, return the said Books wherefrom the Certificates to be issued as aforesaid shall have been cut indentwile, to the said Commissioners, at their Head Office in Middlesex; and the said Commissioners shall cause one correct Lift in Alphabetical Order to be made out in every Year, of all and every the Persons who shall have obtained Certificates in pursuance of this Act, for each County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Great Britain,

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53

containing the Names, Places of Abode, and Description of such Persons respectively, and shall transmit a corre£I Copy thereof to such of their Officers as the said Commissioners shall approve, in each County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Great Britain, which Lifts and Copies respectively at the Head Office of Stamps, and at the respective Offices in the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, and Places in Great Britain, shall be open to the Inspection of any Person, at all seasonable Hours, on Payment of Sixpence and no more; and the said Commissioners, by their Officers as aforesaid, are hereby required and directed, upon Demand, to deliver a true Copy or Copies of all such Lists in their Possession, or of such of them as a Copy shall be demanded, to any Person or Persons whatever, (such Copy or Copies, purporting to be a true Copy or Copies, to be certified and signed by such Officers respectively,) for which no greater Fee than Three-pence shall be charged, unless the Copies so demanded shall contain the Entries of two or more Persons, in which Case there shall be paid at the Rate of Sixpence for every two Persons-whose Names are certified therein; which said Lifts and Parts of Lifts, and also a Copy signed as aforesaid, of them, or any of them, or any Part thereof, shall at all Times and at all Places be allowed and admitted as legal Evidence of a Certificate having been obtained by the Person or Persons whole Names shall be certified therein; and such Copy shall and may be required by any Justice of the Peace in Great Britain, before whom any Prosecution shall be depending, to be delivered gratis, on Notice in Writing being left at the Office of the said Commissioners, or therr respective Officers in the County where such Certificates shall have been granted, to whom respectively the same shall appertain.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer appointed to receive Accounts of Persons Names and Places of Abode, in pursuance of this Act, or to make out and ift'ue Certificates, or to return Lifts or Copies thereof, shall neglect to perform his or their Duty in the Execution of such Office, with relation to the Powers and Trust vested in them respectively by this Act, according to the Rules and Directions herein mentioned, or shall commit, or fufter to be committed, any undue or fraudulent Practice in the Execution of such Office, and be thereof lawfully convicted, then such Officer or other Person aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby im-ofed (except where other Provisions are expressly made) shall (if sued for within the Space of three Calendar Months from the Time of any such Penalty or Forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his HeirS and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who

I

or Information, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in Default of Prosecution within the Time hereinbefore limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the respective Courts aforesaid, and in which Case the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties for the Time being; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Rewards as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered, after deducing all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout to or among# any Person or Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto, either as Discoverers or Informers, in respect to such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any T hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, not exceeding twenty Pounds; which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, within three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, giving to each Party three Days Notice to appear, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Matter of Radi, and upon Proof made thereof either by voluntary Confession of the Party accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness of Witnesses, or other wise, as the Case may require, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as in and by this Act is directed, to be divided, one Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers, and to award and issue out his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the levying the said Penalty adjudged of the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (i‘f any); and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Space of Time, not exceeding fix, nor leis than three Calendar Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and Ltisfied; and if either Party shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then hi

38 Geo. III. 5 H an

111

who have obtained them to their Officers in cach County,&c.

Fee to be paid for Copies of Lifts.

Lifts and Copies to be admitted as Evidence.

Justices may require Copies gratis.

Penalty on Officers for Neglect of Duty, 30I,

Application and Recovery of Pe* unities sued for

in three Months,

Recovery and Application of Penalties not sued for within three Months.

Justices may determine Offences where the Penalty dees not exceed aoL

i

Application ot Penalty, which may be levied by Distress, &c.

Appeal may be nude to the

Quarter SeiiionsI

778

Costs may be

awarded. Justices may adjourn hearing Complaints, where the Party swears he has obtained a Certificate in another Place.

Penalties may be mitigated.

Distributors to transmit Copies of Lifts to the Parish Officers^ to be affixed on the Church Doors, Scc.

Penalty for de facing Copies*

Penalty for using Armorial

Bearings without Certificate, aol. and for transferring Certificate, 30I

C. 53-

I

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

id by such Appeal, Offence in tiling 1

and they fhattand may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, which shall happen, after fourteen Days next after such Conviction shall have been made, and of which Appeal reasonable Notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment of such Just: ce shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons appealing, to pay fuel * as to them shall seem meet: Provided also, That in case the Party

r wearing any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, without obtaining a Certificate according to this Act, shall insist in his Excuse before the Justice of the Peace, that he has obtained a Certificate in any County or Place, and shall, on his Oath or Affirmation, allege and set forth the County or Place, and Time of obtaining the same, it shall be lawful, at the Request of the Party accused, for the said Justice of the Peace to adjourn the Hearing and Determination of the Complaint to a future Time or Times, to be in the Discretion of the said Justice, in order for the Party accused to produce his Certificate to such Entry, or Copy thereof, under the Hand of the proper Officer as herein is directed; and if at the End of the Time or Times so to be allowed, such Party shall not produce to such Justice of the Peace such Certificate, or an Entry or Copy thereof as aforesaid, the said Justice shall proceed to the hearing and determining of such Complaint in the Manner before directed: Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and lessen such Penalties as he shall think fit, (reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed oyer and above such Mitigation,) and so as such Mitigation doth not reduce the Penalties to less than the Moiety of the Penalties incurred over

Persons from

Foreign arts to obta-n Certifi Cites after zi Days from Arrival.

Penalty on Witnesses ne*L fling to appear, or to give£viderv.c-

__________t 5 shall, within fix

Weeks after the Receipt of the Copy of such List, make out, or cause to be made out therefrom, correct Lists of all and every the Persons named therein, for each City or Town, Parish and Place, within such County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, and Place, and, within the Period of seven Days after, cause the same to be respectively transmitted to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, Constables, Tythingmen, or other Peace Officers of or within such City, Town, Parish, or Place, or to some or one of them, who shall, within three Days after the Receipt of any such. Lift, cause a true and exact Couv

"7 uch City, 1 own, own or riace man not nave a v^nurch or TJhapel, then on the Church or Chapel Door of the next adjoining Parish, and shall cause the lame tube, from Time to Time, replaced for the Space of four Weeks then next ensuing, and as often as it shall be necessary for that Purpose, shall, from Time to Time, during the said Space 01 four Weeks, affix ocher Copies thereof fit like Manner $ and every Person wi'ffiilly tearing, defacing, or removing any such Copy so affixed within the said Space of four Weeks, shall forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, on Con iction before a Justice of the Peace, as herein after is directed, to be paid, one Moiety thereof to such Churchwarden or Overseer oil the Poor, Conftaole, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer aforesaid, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of two Calendar Months after the twenty-fourth Day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, if any Person shall use or wear any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, by whatever Name the same shall be called, or shall be possessed of or use any Carriage, or Seal, or Plate, or other Article on which any Armorial Bearing or Enlign shall be painted, marked, engraved, or affixed, without having obtained a Certificate f-om me proper Officer of Stamps in the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place where such Person shall reside, in pursuance and according to the Directions of this Act, every luen Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, which may be sued for and recovered in the County, Shire, Stewartry, 01 Place, where such Offender shall be; and if any Person having obta ned any such Certificate shall afterwards fell, transfer, assign, or deliver the same to any other Person, with Intent that such Certificate shall oe fraudulently made use of to the Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue, granted by this Act, or if any Person shall fraudulently use any such Certificate, in oruer to evade the Payment of the said Duty by this Act imposed, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a d pay the Sum of thirty Pounds,

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, ( hat no Person who shall come into this Kingdom from Foreign Parts shall be required to obtain his or her Certificate in pur luance of mis Act before the hx-piraiion of twenty-one Days next after such Arrival, and the rroof of such Person’s Arrival from Foreign Parts, and of the Time of such Arrival, shall lie upon the Party claiming such Privilege.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, and shall neglect or refule to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable

gleet or Kerulal, to be allowed or by luc Oath, and eive Evidence before whom

every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and p^id in such Manner, and by such Means, as is herein directed as to other Penalties.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 5S, 54-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatis mutandis, (that is to say,)

gE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

in the County of A.B. of was convicted

before me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for residing near the Place

where the Offence was committed, for that the said A.B. on the Day of

now Iaft past, did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, JVvr* Jltite the Offence against the Act ^\ and I do declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law directs. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be wrote fairly upon Parchment, and returned to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the proper Officer there, and there to remain and be kept among the Records of the same County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, and no such Conviction shall be removed by Certiorari, or other Process, into any Court whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or used, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duty by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Intention to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty, or shall utter, vend, sell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duty, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited; or shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Allowance on present

Payment of the Duty, and all other Matters and Things prescribed and appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, (and not hereby altered,) shall (as far as the same are applicable) be in full Force and Effect with relation to the Duty hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said Duty hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been re-enacted, with relation to the said Duty hereby imposed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereinbefore granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the same, the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the Duty hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by such Part of any Loan, made by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament, as doth not exceed the Sum of seven Millions; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, dif-tinftly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be Drovided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Coachmakers, Auctioneers, Beer and Cyder exported. Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Skins, Drawbacks on Wines and Sweets, and Ale and Beer Licences.

[21st June 1798.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Coach-

makers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale; it is enacted, That every Coachmaker

I r 5 H 2 4 /hall.

779

Convictionc may be made out in the fbi» lowing Form.

Convictions tt

be returned to the Quarter Sef. (ions to be filed, tec.

Penalty for

counterfeiting.

Scc. Stampt.

Provisions of former Acts re-fptcting Stamp Duties to extend to this A

Duties to be paid to the Receiver General of Stamps, and by

him into the Exchequer.

Application Of Duties.

15 Geo. 3. c. 4* recited.

In the Accounts directed by recited Act to be given in by 'Coachmakers to the Excise office, certain Particulars to be infcrled, and, iwoi n to Penalty cn Auf-lionet rs not paying Duties, on Sales in the legal Time, &c. double the Duty—Forfeit-lnc of iutUond.

If Auctioreer;

make Over-payments oi Duties, they may complain to the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices where the Sale was tnade, who may relieve them.

To obtain the Drawback on Beer exported, the following Oaths to be made j

Annb ftricesimo. octavo)Ge o>rg i1 'III. A.D. 1798.

shall, once in six Weeks, delivei* a true Account-in Writing of the Number and Kinds of such Carriages as in the said Act is mentioned, which he or she shall have made, built, or constructed, and fold, within six Weeks, and of the Days on which each Carriage respectively was delivered or sent out of his or her Shop or Warehouse, in Manner as in the said Act is directed: And whereas it is expedient to provide that every such Account should alfctcontain tHc several Matters and Things herein after mentioned:' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,.in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every such Account in Wricing delivered at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or at the Chief Office of Excise at Edinburgh, or to any Collector or Supervisor of Excise, by any Coachmaker in pursuance of the said Act, such Coachmaker shall specify the particular Day on which each such Carriage was delivered or sent out of his or her Shop or Warehouse, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons to or for whom each such Carriage was so delivered or sent; and such Coachmaker, or his or her Chief Workman or Manager, shall make Oath to the Truth of such Account according to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief; which Oath shall be administered by such Person as by the said Act is directed to administer the former Oath by the said Act prescribed.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer who shall neglect or refuse to make Payment within the Time limited by Law for the Payment thereof, of any Duty or Duties arising or charged, or chargeable for or by reason of any Sale or Sales by way of Auction, by him held, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall be so neglected or refused; and in case within fourteen Days next after any such Auctioneer shall have been convicted in the said last mentioned Penalty, and Execution or Process shall have issued on such Conviction to levy the said Penalty, no Goods or Chattels, or not sufficient. Goods or Chattels, belonging to such Auctioneer shall be found whereon to levy the Whole of the said Penalty in which he shall have been so convicted, and such Penalty or any Part thereof shall remain unpaid at the End of every such fourteen Days, or if it shall appear that such Auctioneer hath acted contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of his Bond, then, and in each and every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise to cause the Bond entered into to be put in Suit against such Auctioneer and his Sureties, unless the said Commissioners of Excise shall fee sufficient Cause to forbear the same; and thereupon, in case of a Verdict or Judgment against such Auctioneer, his Licence shall thenceforth become void to all Intents and Purposes.

III. And whereas, by the Laws now in force, no Provision is made to relieve Auctioneers against any

Over-payment made for or on Account of the Duty on Sales at Auction, save and except in the Case of Sales by Auction of Estates, Goods, or Chattels, rendered void by reason that the Person for whose Benefit the same were fold, had no Title to the same, or no Right to dispose thereof: And whereas it is expedient to grant Relief to every Auctioneer making any Over-payment for or on Account of the Duty: 4 arising on any Sale at Auction ;’ be it therefore enacted, That if any Auctioneer shall make any Overpayment for or on Account of the Duty arising on any Sale at Auction, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Auctioneer making such Over-payment, within twelve Months next after the Time of making such Over-payment, to lay his Complaint before the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace, within whose jurisdiction respectively such Sale was made; and the said Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace respectively, upon such Complaint to them made by or on the Behalf of such Auctioneer, shall, and are hereby requireJ to hear and determine all such Complaints, and examine the Witnesses upon Oath, which lliallbe produced as well on the Behalf of the Party making such Complaint as on the Behalf of all and every other Party and Parties, which Oath they have hereby Power to administer; and thereupon, or by other.due Proof, to relieve the Party so complaining of so much of such Payment as draft be so made out before them to Have been overpaid; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. j. icfi

IV. And whereas the Law's now in force relating to the Exportation of Beer, in order to obtain the

Bounty or Drawback by Law allowed on the Exportation of such Beer, are not sufficient 10 answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to make further Provision in that Behalf;’ be it therefore enacted, That, before any Person or Persons shall receive any Bounty or Drawback fororinTe-spedt of Beer entered for Exportation, in order to obtain any such Bounty or Drawback, the Brewer, or his, her, or their known Servant, or the Exporter, or his, her, or their known Servant, (as the Case may require,) shall, on the Debenture, make such Oath (as the Case may require) before one or more of the Commissioners of Excise, or before the proper Collector or other Officer of Excise, (which Oath any one or more of the said Commissioners, or such Collector or other Officer, is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) as is herein after in that Behalf prescribed; which respective Oaths shall be in the Words, or to the Effect, following:; t

4 OATH for Beer exported by the Brewer. J ftfi

I A.B. do folcirmly swear, That the above-mentioned - Barrels of Strong Beer were put on

board the Ship or Vessel above-named, and exported therein as Merchandize to be lpent beyond the

Excise Duty has been charged on the said Beer

ft

ft

C

Seas, and no Part thereof for the Ship’s Use; and that the as Strong. V: ‘

So help me GOD.

OATH

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. 781

t. ri

OATH 'for Beer exported by any other Person.

4 t A.B. do swear, That, to the best of mv Knowledge, and Belief, the above-mentioned 4 Barrels of Strong Beer were put oil fcjpartl the Ship or Vessel above-named, and exported

therein as

Merchandize to be (pent beyond the Seas, and no Part thereof for the Ship’s Use; and that, by the Of- ficer’s Certificate* it appears the said Beer was brewed by *.«, of Common Brewer, and the

Excise Duty charged on the same as Strong Beer. < So help me GOD.’

V. And whereas the-Laws now in force relating to the Exportation of Cyder, in order to obtain the Drawback by Law allowed on the Exportation of such Cyder, are not sufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to make further Provision in that Behalf;’ be it therefore enacted, That* before any Person or Persons shall receive any Drawback for or in respect of Cyder entered for Exportation, in order to obtain arty such Drawback, the Exporter of such Cyder, or his, her, or their Servant, shall, on the Debenture, make such Gath before any one or more of the said Commissioners of Excise, or before the Collector or other Officer of Excise, {which Oafn any one or more of the said Commissioners, or i such i Collector orcother Officer; is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) as is hereinafter prescribed; which Oath shall be in the Words, or to the Effect, following:

\ 4 OATH for Cyder exported.

c t A.B. do swear. That, to thebeft q( my Knowledge and Belief, the above-mentioned 4 1 Hogsheads of Cyder were put on board the Ship or Vessel above-named, and exported therein as Mer- chandize to be (pent beyond the Seas, and no Pait thereof for the Ship’s Use; and that th^ Duties of Ex- cife have been charged thereon, and have not been repaid., So help me GOD.’

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall-counterfeit or forge, or cause of procure t?o be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate authorized or required to be granted by arty Officer or Officers of Excise, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, and relating to any of the Duties of Excise, or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give any falseor untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently alter or erase any such trrte Certificate after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer or Offifcers of Excise, Or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly1 publish or make use of any such Certificate so counterfeited, forged,1 false, untrue, altered,^or erafk),'every1 Person or Persons so offending foalkfor each and evWy such Offence severally forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon fewry Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, entered or filed in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for the said Penalty of five hundred Pounds, a Capiat' itt the fiffl Process shall or may issue, specifying such Penalty; and the Defendant or Defendants shall be obliged to give sufficient Bail by natural-born Subjects, Persons naturalized or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capiat shall be directed, to appear in the Court out of which such Capias shall issue, afe ther Day'«frlbe Return off such Writ, to answer such Suit or Prosecution, and shall likewise, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bailor Security in the faief Court, to answer and pay such Perialty Or Penalties of five hundred Pounds^ in case he, she, or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her. Or their Body or Bodies to Prisoni

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall knowingly or collusively accept or receive any counterfeited, forged, or Untrue Certificate, as and for a lawful and true Certificate duly granted by any Officer or Officers of >Excise, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament In' force immediately before the passing of this Act, find* rating to any of the Duties of Excise, or shall, under Colour of any such comiterfeittfd, forged, foH untrue Certificate,‘ knowingly or collusively give to any Maker or Manufacturer of, 0! Dealer m{ any Goods,r Wares, Merchandize, or Commodity, for or in respect Whereof any Duty of Excise is by Law imposed, any undue cSr improper Credit inany Book or Books relating to the said Duties of Excise, for the Purpose of creating or keeping up an undue or fictitious Stock of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodity, with Intent that any such Maker, Manufacturer, or Dealer, shall or may obtain any undue Payment or Allowance by way of Drawback of any of the Duties of Excise, for or on Account of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodity, never in reality shipped and exported, then and irr ei'cry such Case the Officer or Officers of Excise so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall, for such his or their Offence, be transported as a Felon or Felons.forohe fcpace of seven Years, in such Manner as Felons are appointed to be transported by an Act madein the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation'cf Felons and other Offenders, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases; and for other Purpose s therein mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, counterfeiter forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Debenture in any Case in which a Debenture is by any'Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise required or directed to be given or granted, ordhall knowingly or willingly utter, publish, or make use of any such counterfeited or forged Debenture, every Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of

and on Cyder* the following

Oath.

500l. Penalty for counterfeit^ ing Certificates, or giving or receiving false ones. Sec.

Defendants to*

give sufficient. Bail for the Penalty.

Officers of Excise accepting counterfeited

Certificates, or giving improper Credit in Excise Books, that undue Drawback may be obtained, guilty of Felony, and to be transported as under Stat. 24 Geo. 3*. ft. 2. c. 561

Perform counterfeiting Debentures, or making Use of them, guilty of Felony without-Benefit of.

Clcrgv,

7?

C. <4

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D

9 Annae, c. n.;

ao Annae, c. 263

3 Geo. 1. c. 7; 5 Geo. 1. & 2 3

Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons, and have Execution awarded against him, her, or them,

as Persons attainted of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And whereas by an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anm% for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed, or dressed, and on Vellum and Parchment, certain Duties were imposed for and upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, in Great Britain, in Manner in the said Act mentioned, and Provision was by the said Act made for marking and damping all the Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and all the Vellum and Parchment made in Great Britain during the Continuance of that Act, for securing the Duties thereby imposed; and it was provided that if any Person or Persons whatever should at any Time or Times thereafter counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark to referable any Stamp or Mark which should be provided or made in pursuance of the said Act, or should counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Hide or Skin, or Piece of any Hide or Skin, or any Vellum or Parchment, thereby to defraud her said Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties thereby granted, or should utter, vend, or sell, any Hide or Skin, or Piece of any Hide or Skin, Vellum or Parchment, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing such Mark or Impression to be counterfeited, then every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, should be adjudged a Felon, and should suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And whereas by another Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, certain additional Duties were imposed for and upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, in Great Britain, in Mariner in the said Act mentioned; and it was by the said Act amongst other Things enacted, that the several and respective additional or new Rates and Duties by that Act imposed upon all or any such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, made Wares, Vellum, and Parchment, should and might, from Time to Time, be ascertained, faised, received, levied, recovered, and secured by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and by the same or different Stamps and Marks, and under such Pains of Death and other Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Powers of adjudging the said Duties, and adjudging and mitigating the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, and other Powers, and subject to proportional Allowances, Drawbacks, and Repayments, and to such Rules and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form, as the respective Duties upon the like Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, made Wares, Vellum, and Parchment, granted by the said Act made in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, were by that Act, or any Law or Statute thereby referred unto, prescribed, appointed, or enacted during the Continuance thereof to be ascertained, raised, received, levied, secured, or recovered, and that the Act last mentioned, and all the Clauses, Pains of Death, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Matters, and Things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for the said Duties thereby granted, or any Arrearages of the same, or any Way relating to the same Duties, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures by that Act chargeable, by force and virtue of that present Act, should be continued, practised, and put in Execution for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting for the Duties upon Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, made Wares, Vellum, and Parchment, by that Act granted, and all Arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of that Act: And whereas by another Act, made in the third Yrear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the said Duties were made perpetual; and by another Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, among other Things, for the better securing the Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, reciting that, for preventing the counterfeiting of any Stamp or Stamps, Seal or Seals, which had been, or should be appointed to be used to denote the charging of the Duties, or of the additional Duties, which by several Acts, the one made in the ninth, and the other in the tenth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, were fee and imposed upon Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and upon Vellum and Parchment, tanned, tawed, dressed, or made, it was enacted, that the Commissioners which for the Time being were or should be appointed for the Receipt, Government, and Management of the said Duties, or additional Duties, arising in England or Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the major Part of them; and also, the Commissioners which for the Time being were or should be appointed for the Receipt, Government, and Management of the said Duties, or additional Duties, arising in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should respectively have full Power and Authority, and thereby were respectively empowered and authorized, from Time to Time, when and so often as they respectively should fee Occasion, to direct, cause, and procure, new Stamps or Seals to be made for the marking and damping all such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and of Vellum and Parchment, as should respectively be tanned, tawed, dressed, or made, either in England, or Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to be made use of for the respective Purposes before mentioned, in the Lieu and Stead of such other Stamps, Marks, or Seals, as, before the respective Time and Times of providing and appointing such new ones, should respectively have been used for the Purposes before mentioned, and that such new Stamps and Seals so to be provided as aforesaid, from the respective Time and Times when they respectively should be so as aforesaid ordered to be used for the respective Purposes aforesaid, should respectively be, and were thereby declared to be, the legal and authentic Stamps and Seals respectively to be made

78}

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54.

use of for the respective Purposes before mentioned; and that the counterfeiting or forging any Stamp or Seal to resemble any Stamp or Sea! which in pursuance of the said Act should be so as aforesaid directed or ordered, or the counterfeiting or resembling of the Impression of any such Stamp or Stamps, Seal or Seals, so directed or ordered as aforesaid, or any Hide or Skin, or Piece of any Hide or Skin, or on any Vellum or Parchment, whereby to defraud his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties imposed or charged by the said Acts, or either of them, or the uttering, vending, or felling, any Hide or Skin, or any Piece of any Hide br Skin, or any Vellum or Parchment, with such counterfeit Mark or Im- pr flion thereupon, knowing such Mark or Impression to be counterfeited, should render and make the Offender and Offenders therein subject and liable to the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Pains of Death, as was and were mentioned and expressed in the said Act made in the said ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne: And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, among other Things, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, the said Duties on Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, ordrefled, in Great Britain, are repealed, and in lieu thereof, other Duties of Excire imposed for Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Sk»ns, tinned, tawed, ordrefled, in Great Britain, in Manner mentioned in the said Act; and by another Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

among other Things, for repealing the Duties on Hides and Skins dreflid in Oil in this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, the Excise Duties imposed by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of he Reign of h»s present Majesty for Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins,

dressed in Oil in Great Britain, are regaled, and in lieu thereof otster Duties of Excise imposed, for such Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, dressed in Oil in Great Britain: And whereas by another Act, made in the thirty-hrft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, among, other Things,

for repealing certain Duties of Excise upon tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skins, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, the Duties of Excise by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign aforesaid, imposed on Goat Skins tanned with Shumack, or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather, and for Sheep Skins tanned for Roans, (being after the Nature of Spanish Leather,) in Great Britain, are repealed, and in lieu thereof other Duties of Excise impoledfor Goat Skins tanned with Shumack, or otherwif, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather, and for Sheep Skins tanned for Roans,

(being after the Nature of Spanish Leather,) in Great Britain: And whereas Doubishave arisen whether by the said Acts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or by either of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament nowin force, the Pains of Death imposed determined by the said Acts of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen* Anne, and of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, or by any or either of them, remain in force*

against any Person who shall counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark to resemble any Stamp or Mark provided, made, altered, or renewed, in pursuance of the said three last mentioned Acts, or any or either

of them, for the stamping and marking any such Hides and Skins tanned, tawed, or dressed, in Great Britain, or against any Person who shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Hide Or Skin, or Piece of any Hide or Skin, thereby to defraud his present Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties imposed by the said Acts of the twenty eighth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or either of them, or against any Person who shall utter, vend, or sell, any Hide or Skin, or any Piece of any Hide or Skin, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing such Mark or Impression to be counterfeited :* Now, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, be it declared and enacted, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That the Pains of Death imposed by the said Acts of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, or by any or either of them, do and shall remain in force against all and every Person or Persons who, after the passing of this Act, shall counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark to resemble any Stamp or Mark provided, made, altered, or renewed, in pursuance of the said three last mentioned Acts, or any or either of them, for the stamping or marking any such Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed in Great Britain; and also against any Person or Persons who, after the passing of this Act, shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of any such Stamp or Mark upon any Hide or Skin, or Piece of any Hide or Skin, thereby to defraud his present Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties imposed by the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or by the said Act of the thirty - first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also against any Person or Persons who, after the passing of this Act, shall utter, vend, or sell, any Hide or Skin, or any Piece of any Hide or Skin, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing such Mark or Impression to be counterfeited, and that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who, after the passing of this Act, shall counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark to resemble any Stamp or Mark which hath already been or shall hereafter be provided, made, altered, or renewed, in pursuance of the said Acts of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and of the fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, or ;f any or either of the said Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, for the stamping and marking any such Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, in Great Britain, or who, after the passing of this Act, shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of any such Stamp or Mark upon any Hide or Skin, or Piece of any Hide or Skin, thereby to defraud his present Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties imposed by the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his

27 Geo. 3. c.ijp

28 Geo. 3. c. 371.

and 31 Geo. r. c. 27. redua.

The Pams of* Death iiqposed* by. 9 and 10 Ann*, and 5 Geo. x. to be-in force against' Persons who shall counterfeit. Stamps provided in purfu^-alice of the three last mentioned Alts, &c.

7

8<$.

G* 54-»

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

11 01^6 Geo. 3. c. 123. for granting additional Duties on Foreign Wines, recited.

and Drawbacks allowed by it, to be paid by the Officers of Ex-cile, where they

drawbacks to be allowed, according to %6 Geo. 3. c. 59.

Drawback not to be allowed, unless Proof be made of Payment of Duty.

35 Geo. 3. c. 113. recited.

present Majesty, or by the said Act of the thirty-first' Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or whoj after the passing of this Act, shall utter, vend, or sell, any Hide or Skin, or Piece -of any Hide or Skin, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing such Mark or Impreftkm to be counterfeited, then every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XI. And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines and British Sweets* and on Foreign Wines fold. by Auction, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that, on the Exportation of any Foreign Wine, for or in respect whereof the Duties by the said Act imposed shall have, been duly raid, there shall be allowed and paid, by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to the Exporter or Exporters, a Drawback of the said Duties; And whereas great Inconvenience will arise by such Mode of paying the Drawbacks, where the Officers of Excite have received the Duty be it therefore enacted, That the Drawback allowed by the said recited Act on the Exportation of Wine, shall be paid by the proper Officer or Officers of the Excise, in all Cases where the Duty to be drawn back has, been, or may hereafter be, received by the Officers of that Revenue j any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Drawbacks of the said Duties of Excise shall be

paid and allowed upon the same Terms and Conditions, and under and subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained, provided, settled, or established, in and by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise; and the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, ffa far as the lame can or may be fo applied,) shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be used, applied, practised, and put in Execution, for the Purpose of obtaining the said Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act: Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle any Person or Persons whatever to any such Drawback, unless it shall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise, that the Duties of Excise to be drawn back have been actually paid, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of them the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them in England and Scotland respect-lvely, for the Time being.

XIII. And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty.-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in* 4 tituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Jelling Ale and other Liquors, by Persons not duly license1 4 it was enacted, that no Person should sell Ale or Beer, by Retail, in his, her, or their House, in that Part Great Britain called England* without being duly licensed so to do, under a certain Penalty therein provided: And whereas it is expedient to exempt Persons from the said Penalty, for or in respect of any such Sale of Beer or Ale, as is herein after mentioned p be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be liable to the said Penalty for or by reason of his or their felling or disposing of Beer or Ale, in Casks, containing not less than five Gallons* or in Bottles, not less than two dozen reputed Quart Bottles, not to be drank in his, her, or their House, Outhouse, Yard, Garden, Orchard, or other Place j any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. in i

Penalty in recited Act not to extend to Beer or Ale fold in Casks containing not less than five Gallons, or in Bottles not less than two dozen Quarts

Persons taking, false Oaths to be liable to the Penalties for Per-

y*ry

Petudty for af-saul ing and obstructing Officers of the Ux-cife, &c. 2col.

Recovery and Application of Penalties under this Act, or 25 Geo 3. c. 49. (&e § I.)

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Cases in which an Oath is by this Act directed or required to be taken, shall (unless where otherwise expressly directed by this Act) be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury. ! A

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise, in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall, by Force or Violence, rescue, or cause to be refeued, any Seizure made by such Officer or Officers, under or by virtue of this Act, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, or after such Seizure, or whilst any such Officer or Officers is or are attempting to make any Seizure under or by virtue of this Act, all and every Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds. J T:

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, or by the said Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall be filed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that (except where otherwise expressly directed by this Act) one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 55. 785

CAP. LV.

An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia; and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

[z1st June 1798.]

WHEREAS the Militia Forces of this Kingdom having been considerably augmented during the present War, it is expedient that the Number of Field Officers, and other Officers for the Command of the several Regiments, Battalions, and Companies, of which such Militia may consist, should he increasid as the Exigency of the Service may require :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order signified by his Majesty's Secretary of State, at any Time during the present War, todire<£l the Number of Officers in any Regiment or Battalion in actual Service, to be augmented by the Appointment of such Officers, and of such Rank respectively as the Exigency of the Service may require, and also to direct proper Officers to be appointed to any additional Companies; and the Lieutenants, and also the Deputy Lieutenants authorized to act in the Stead of the Lieutenants upon the Vacancy of the Office or Absence of the Lieutenant of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall proceed forthwith in pursuance of his Majesty's Orders, to do all such Acts as shall be necessary for the Purpose of making such Augmentation of Field Officers and other Officers as aforesaid; and the Persons who shall be so appointed Field Officers and other Officers of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, in pursuance of this Act, shall be entitled to such Pay during the Service, and to all other Emoluments and Advantages, as the Field Officers and other Officers of Militia now appointed of the same Rank respectively are by Law entitled unto; any Thing in any Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That any Militia Officer of any Militia Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, who may have accepted, or shall, during the Continuance of the present War, accept, a Commission or Appointment of the same Rank in any other Militia Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall continue to rank in the gqncral Service according to the Date of his fir (I Commission or Appointment in the Militia.

His Majesty may riircfl the Number of Field and other Officers in any Regiment, &c. to be augmented.

who ffinl! he entitled to such Pay, &c. as thefo already appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be judged expedient to reduce the Number of Field Officers, or of other Officers, in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, the Reduction of Officers shall take place from the Youngest of each Rank respectively; and that in case any Officer, being duly qualified according to the Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part ^/*Great Britain called England, shall be so reduced, such Officer shall, notwithstanding such Reduction, be competent to succeed to any Vacancy which may occur in such Regiment or Battalion of Militia, of an equal Rank with that which such Officer filled at the Time such Reduction took place.

IV. Be it also, and it is hereby enacted, That in all Cases where it may be found necessary to appoint a Second Adjutant to any Regiment of Militia, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, to grant to such Second Adjutant, unless his Majesty shall disapprove the same, the Rank of Lieutenant by Brevet; or if he shall have served in his Majesty's other Forces, any Rank which he may have held therein, not exceeding that of Captain Lieutenant by Brevet also.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled in the Supplementary Militia for any County, Riding, or Place, in pursuance of two Acts passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or either of them, shall have enlisted in any Regiment of his Majesty's other Forces, or shall have entered into any of his Majesty's Ships of War, previous to the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and shall be actually serving in such Regiment or Ship of War, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Person was so enrolled, or in his Absence for any three Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, and he and they is and are hereby required, on Proof of such Enlistment and Service, by the Certificate of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment into which such Person shall have enlisted and shall be serving, or on Proof of such Entrance and Service, by the Cerificate of the Captain or Commanding Officer of the Ship in which such Person shall have entered, and shall be serving, to discharge such Person from the said Supplementary Militia, and to -cause the Name of such Person to be tlruck out of the Roll or Lift of the Supplementary Militia (erving for such County, Riding, or Place; but nevertheless, the County, Riding, or Place, for which any Person so discharged was enrolled, shall not be obliged to ballot for any other Man in the Room of the Militia Man so discharged, and every Person so ddcliaigtd shall be freed and exonerated from all Pains and Penalties incurred by reason of such Enlistment or entering into his Majesty's Navy: any Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

38 Geo. III

51

Any

Officer acceding a Commission of the same Rank in another Regiment, to rank according to the Date of his first Commission.

When a Reduction is to be made of the Officers in any Regiment, it shall take place from the Youngest of each Rank, &c.

Where a Second Adjutant is appointed to any Regiment, a certain Brevet Rank also to be given him.

County Lieutenant, on Proof, by Certificate of the Commanding Officer, of Persons enrolled in the Supplementary Militia having enlisted into the Army, or entered into the Navy, previous to May

\S> >79*» to discharge such Persons from the Militia.

The County,

Sec. not obliged to ballot for the Men so discharged,.

CAP.

786 C. 56, 57. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

licence* appointing Stipendiary Curates, in which the Amount of the Stipend is inserted, to be exempted from the Stamp Duty of 15s. under* 37 Geo. 3. c. yo.

35G^0. 3. c. 9a. excited j

amd Premiums granted to 26 Ships.

Premiums and Conditions for i2 Ships.

Premiums and Conditions for four olherS hips.

CAP. -LVI. t (i

An Act for repealing so much of an Aftf made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others praRifing in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; as imposes a Duty on Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates to perform the Office of Curate in any Church or Chapel.

[21st June 1798.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh'Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, a Sum of fifteen Shillings was imposed upon any Licence that should pal's the Seal of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or any Ecclesiastical Court: And whereas the said Duty has been found inconvenient and burthensome to Stipendiary Curates appointed by Licence to perform the Office of Curate in any Church or Chapel Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every such Licence appointing any Stipendiary Curate, in which the annual Amount of the Stipend shall be inserted, that shall pais the Seal of any Arcphbishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or any Ecclesiastical Court, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, freed and exempted from the said before-recited Stamp Duty, and all other Stamp Duties whatsoever; and such Licences shall and may be available, and be given in Kvi-deuce, in any Court of Law or Equity, or any Ecclesiastical Court whatsoever *, and every such Licence already granted since the passing of the above-recited Act, shall be available in like Manner, notwithstanding that the Stamp Duty may not have been paid as imposed by the said Act. y

§1. Licence* already granted available although the Stamp Duty may not have teen paid.

I

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries.

[21st June 1798.]

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage the Fishery carried on by his Majesty's European Subjects in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Strei^his^ for the Purpose of taking Whales, and other Creatures being in those Seas, by continuing certain Premiums granted by an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encoura?-4 inz and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries and bellowing them in a different Manner:* Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Premiums hereafter mentioned shall be paid and allowed to twenty-six Ships or Vessels employed in the said Fishery, under the Limitations, Restrictions, and Regulations, expressed in the said Act,

and in this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That for twelve of such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared out between the first Day of January and the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and between the first Day of January and the thirty-first Day of December in each of the two succeeding Years, and shall fail to the Southward of the Equator and there carry on the Fishery, and shall return before the first Day of December in the Year subsequent to that in which they cleared out, to some Port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed three hundred Pounds to each of the four Lien Ships which shall so fail and first arrive, within the Times hereinbefore mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in each of such Ships or Vessels, and being the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas, taken and killed by the Crews of every such Ship or Vessel respectively; and there shall be paid and allowed two hundred Pounds to each of the four such Ships or Vessels which shall, in like Manner, fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in thdfe Seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed one hundred Pounds to each of the four such Ships or Vessels, and which shall, in like Manner, fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whaleor Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas, so taken as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That for four other of such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted or cleared out, and shall fail within the Times hereinbefore mentioned, and proceed to the Southward of the thirty-sixth Degree of South Latitude, and shall there bond fide carry on the said Fishery, 'and shall not return till

after the Expiration of fourteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the

thirty-

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 57>55.

thirty-first Day of December in the second Year after their clearing out, to some Port in Great Britain, there shall he paid and allowed four hundred Pounds to each of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and arrive within the Times hereinbefore last mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for ten other such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared out between the first Day of January and the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and between the first Day 0$ January and the thirty-first Day of December in each of the fix succeeding Years, and shall double Cape Horn> or pass through the Streights of ATagcllan into the South Seas, and carry on the said Fishery during the Space of four Months to the Westward ot Cape Horn in those Seas, or shall double the Cape of Good Hope, and carry on the said Fishery during the Space of four Months to the Eastward of one hundred and five Degrees of East Longitude from London, and shall not return to some Port of Great Britain till after the Expiration of sixteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-first Day of December in the second Year alter their clearing out, there shall be paid and allowed six hundred Pounds to any one of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and arrive within the Times herein last mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than thirty Eons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either outward or homeward; and there shall be paid and allowed five hundred Pounds to each of nine of such Ships and Vessels last-before mentioned, which shall so fail and arrive within the Times herein last-before mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either outward or homeward.

V. And, for extending the Limits prescribed in the said Act for the said Southern Whale Fisheries, be it enacted, That any Ship or Vessel, fitting and clearing out and licensed conformably to the said Act, and failing to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope for the Purpose aforesaid, may pass beyond fifty-one Degrees of East Longitude from London \ provided that such Ship or Vessel, after passing fifty-one Degrees of East Longitude from London, Ifiall not fail or pass to the Northward of fifteen Degrees Southern Latitude, until me shall have failed nr passed to the Eastward of one hundred and eighty Degrees of East Longitude; any Thing in the said Act, or any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Ship or Vessel, fitting or clearing out and licensed conformably to the said Act, and failing or passing to the Westward of Cape Horn, or through the Streights of Magellan, for the Purpose aforesaid, may fail or pass beyond one hundred and eighty Degrees of Weft Longitude from London; provided such Ships and Vessels, when they have passed beyond one hundred and eighty Degrees of Weft Longitude from London, do not pass to the Northward of fifteen Degrees South Latitude, until they come within fifty-one Degrees of East Longitude from London; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons, as described in the said Act not exceeding

fonty Families, who shall, on or before the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and five, come to the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke, with his or their Family or Families, and shall bring any Ship or Vessel, or any Number of Ships and Vessels not exceeding twenty in the Whole, to the said Port of Milford, built before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and manned as directed in the said Act, shall, upon complying with all the Rules, Regulations, and Conditions contained in the said Act respecting such Person or Persons, be entitled to all the Benefits, Privileges, and Advantages thereby granted to such Person or Persons, in as full and ample Manner as if such Person or Persons had come to the said Port on or before the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in any Ship or Vessel built before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five. *798, to be entitled to the same Privileges as if they had come b;

787

Premiums anti Conditions for xo other Ships«

Ships ficenfetf conformably to the recited Act*

may pass beyond 51 Degrees of East Longitude from London;

and beyond 18a Degrees of Weft Longitude from London, under certain tiens.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-six th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, c An Act for the more effectual Encou« ragement of the British Fisheries.

[21st June 179#.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

Force from

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, which was to continue in om the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for the Term of seven

aOCco. 3. c.Sii

si

4 Years,

788

77 Geo. 3. c. 10. and 35 Geo. 3.

c. 56.

35 Geo. 3. e 56. to continue in force till March

1799-

14 Geo. 3. c 42.

Recited Act revived and continued to June 1, 1799-

No Silver Bullion to be coined, nor any Silver Coin delivered.

Persons who delivered Silver to be coined previous to May 9, 1798, to receive the Value as if coined.

Act may be altered or repealed

lids Session.

C. 58, 59,60. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas, by two Acts, made in the twenty-seventh and thirty-fifth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, the said first-mentioned Act was further continued and amended: And whereas it is expedient* that the said last mentioned Act should be further continued ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the twentysixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, videlicet, on the thirteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Light Silver Coin, of this Realm, from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland 5 and to restrain the Fender thereof beyond a certain Sum > and to suspend the Coining of Silver.

[*21st June 1798.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Light Silver Coin, of this Realms from Foreign Countries,

into Great Britain or Ireland; and to refrain the Fender thereof beyond a certain Sum; which Act was to continue in force for a limited Time, and is now expired: And whereas it is proper, under the present Circumstances, that the said Act should be revived and further continued be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue and be in force until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II. And whereas his Majesty has appointed a Committee of his Privy Council to take into Considera- tien the State of the Coins of this Kingdom, and the present Establishment and Constitution of his Majesty's Mint, and Inconvenience may arise from any Coinage of Silver, until such Regulations may be framed as shall appear necessary: And whereas, from the present low Price of Silver Bullion, owing to

temporary Circumstances, a small Quantity of Silver Bullion has been brought to the Mint to be coined, and there is Reason to suppose that a still further Quantity may be brought, and it is therefore necessary to suspend the Coining of Silver for the present ;* be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Silver Bullion shall be coined at the Mint, nor shall any Silver Coin that may have been coined there be delivered; any Law to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who delivered Silver at the Mint for the Purpose of the same being coined, previous to the ninth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall be entitled to receive from the Officers of his Majesty's Mint, such a Sum for each Pound Weight thereof, as shall be equal to the full Value of the Coin into which the Bullion would have been converted, if the same had been coined according to the Regulations of the Mint.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed, during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LX.

An Act for making perpetual, subject: to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[21st June 1798.]

WHEREAS it may materially conduce to (Lengthening and supporting the Public Credit, and to

augmenting the National Resources at this important Conjuncture, that the Duty now payable for one Year on Land should be made perpetual, but subject to Redemption and Purchase, on transferring to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt a certain Proportion of Capital Stock, in the Manner herein after stated be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

C. 60. 789

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and ref|>e<Elive Sums of Money charged by virtue of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled An At!for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, on the respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places in Great Britain, in respect of the Manors, Me Hu ages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Act mentioned, lying within the same Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, to be raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, within the Space of one Year from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall, from and after the Expiration of the said Term, (except as herein after mentioned,) continue, and be raised, levied, and paid yearly to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year for ever; and that all the several Powers, Rules, Directions, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, as far as the same aie not varied or otherwise provided for in and by this Act, shall continue and be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution as fully and effectually as if the same Powers, Rules, Directions, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and expressly applied to the Provisions thereof, subject nevertheless to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Conditions of Redemption or Purchase herein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Provisions in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Sum or Sums of Money charged, by virtue of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, upon any Estate in Ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Personal Estate, or upon any Person or Persons in respect of any Public Office or Employment of Profit, or any Salaries, Gratuities, Bounty Monies, Rewards, Fees, P/ofits, Perquisites, Advantages, Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or Yearly Payments, payable out of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in England, or out of his Majesty's Public Revenues in Great Britain, in the said Act mentioned, but that the several Sums of Money charged upon any Estate in Ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Personal Estate, by the said Act, and also the several Sums of Money charged under and by virtue of the said Act upon any Offices or Employments of Profit, or any Salaries, Gratuities, Bounty Monies, Rewards, Fees, Profits, Perquisites, Advantages, Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or Yearly Payments, shall, after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be ascertained, raised, levied, collected, and paid, according to the Directions of any Act or Acts to be nafled for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money, charged or to be charged under and by virtue of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, for and in respect of any Estate in Ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Personal Estates, and for and in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Salaries, Gratuities, Bounty Monies, Rewards, Fees, Profits, Perquisites, Advantages, Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or Yearly Payments aforesaid, by any Assessment made in the Year ending on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, in every Parish or PLce where such Sums are charged and assessed, be separated and divided from the Remainder of the Monies charged in such Parish or Place, by virtue of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, and shall be so returned in the several Duplicates thereof, to be transmitted according to the Directions of the said Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint, in every County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough,.Cinque Port, Town, and Place, in Great Britain, such and so many of the Persons who are or shall be named or appointed in or by any Act or Acts now in force, or hereafter to be parted, to carry into Execution the Act of the present Session of Parliament before mentioned, or this Act, as to his said Majesty shall seem fit, to be Commissioners for the Purpose of felling the Land Tax arising in the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, wherein they are or shall be respectively specially nominated and appointed, and the said several Persons so to be nominated or appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be Commissioners for the said Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner especially nominated and appointed for the Purpose of this Act, and also every Commissioner of Appeals, before he shall enter upon the Execution of the said Office, shall take an Oath to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. dofwear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the be ft of my Skill 4 1 and Judgment, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me by an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Aflfor making'perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Aloney now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax for one Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act. So help me GOD.

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any one of the Persons appointed to be a Commissioner, to any other or others of them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners specially appointed for the Purposes of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they or any one or more of them are and is hereby authorized to admini-

- fter)

c. 5.

Land Tax, after March 25* 1799, shall be raised yearly for ever;

subject to Redemption or Purchase.

This Act shall not extend to Personal Estate, Offices, Pensions, &c. j the Rates on which, after March 25, 1799, shall be levied according to the Di« region of future Acts.

Rates on Personal Estate, Offices, Pcn-ftons, &c.in the Year ending March 25, 1799, shall be distinguished from those on Land, in the AfltlT-ments and Duplicates.

The King may appoint Commissioners lor filling the Land Tax, from the Land Tax Commissioners in each District.

Oath.

Commissioner* may examine and receive la* formation, on ©sub, from Prr*

79°

Tons defirousof redeeming or purdiafing any Land Tax; and from other Pci fons inte» reftedin the Lr.nds in Remainder, &c.

with Power to require Inspection of any Peed relating thereto; and to receive Affidavits of the Fa£lj

t

provided the Affidavit be made in pursuance of the Act.

Persons making any falseOarh or Affidavit, shall incur the Penalties of Perjury.

Two Commissioners may contract with Persons and Corporations folding Lands, for Redemption of the Land Tax thereon, by virtue of the Act of the present S.fTion.

Form of the Contract in Schedule (B).

The Conf:deration of the Redemption shall be so much Stock in the 3 per Cent. Consols, or 3 per Cent. Reduced, as will produce a Dividend exceeding th» Amount of tl

Such Stock shall be transferred to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, within four Years, from March 15,

*799», four JnRaiments in

each Year j or the Whole may

C. 60.

Anno tricesimo odiavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

fler) all'Persons who shall be desirous of redeeming or pu chafing any Land Tax under this Act, and all other Persons who shall be willing to be examined touching any Matters or Things, relating to the Title oh any Person or Persons in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy to any Estate, or having any Mortgage, Lien, or Incumbrance upon any Estate, the Land Tax charged upon which is proposed to be redeemed or purchased under this Act, or touching any Matter or Thing relating thereto, that such Commissioners may think necessary for their Information, for the Execution of the Powers vested in them; and also to require, from any Person or Persons claiming any Benefit of Preference under this Act, the Production, upon Oath or Affirmation, of any Deed, Conveyance, or Instrument relating to such Estate; and to receive any Affidavit or Deposition in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation, wh'ch shall be made in any Part of Great Britain above the Distance often Miles from the Place where the said respective Commissioners shall meet, before any Mayor or Magistrate of any City, Town, or Place, having Authority to administer an Oath in any Matter civil or criminal in such City, Town, or Place, or before any Justices of the Peace of any County or District where the Person making such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affinnation shall happen to be; or to receive any Affidavit or Deposition in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation, which shall be made in any Parts beyond the Seas, before any Magistrate of the County, Territciy, or Place, living competent Power and Authority to administer an Oath, and refidingnear the Place where the Person making such Oatk or Affirmation shall also rtfide, and certified and transmitted to the said Commissioners under the Hand and Seal of such Magistrate: Provided that in every such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, there shall be expressed the Addition of the Party making the lame, and the particular Place of his or her Abode, and the same shall be entitled an Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation made in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, upon Examination on Oath or Affirmation before

the said Commissioners respectively, or in any Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, before any Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice of the Peace in Great Britain, in any Matter relating to the Execution or this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall in any such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby declared, to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as, by any Law now in being, any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to -

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners specially to be appointed

for the Purpose of this Act, or so many of them as shall lie present at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden in any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, or any two or more of them, to contract and agree with all and every Persons or Person, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, having or holding any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments described in the said Act of the present session of Parliament, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon their respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments aforesaid, according to the Assessment and Rate made or to be made in pursuance of the said Act, upon the Terms and Conditions, and in Manner herein after described and mentioned

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Contraft and Agreement made and entered into by virtue of this Act, with the Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purpose aforesaid, by any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies before described, for the Redemption of any Land Tax charged upon his, her, or their Manors^ Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments aforesaid, shall be in the Form mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B), and the Con-(ideration therein to be inserted, and contracted and agreed to be given for such Redemption as aforesaid, shall be so much Capital Stock of Public Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, bearing an Intereil after the Rate of three Pounds t>er Centum per Annum, commonly called The Three Pounds per Centum Con«. Jolidated Annuities, and The Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, as will yield an Annuity or Dividend exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax so to be redeemed as aforesaid by One-tenth Part thereof, such Capital Stock to be transferred to the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for the Reduction of the National Debt, in Truffc for the Purposes of this Act.

he Land Tax redeemed by 1- icth. 41 SEE i. 9

X. And be it further enacted, That the Transfer of the whole Amount of the Capital Stocks in the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, or either of them, to be transferred as before mentioned, shall be made to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, Within the Period of four Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by four Instalments in every Year; videlicet, on or before the first Day of May, the first Day of August, the first Day of November, and the first Day of February in each Year, the first Instalment to be made on such of the said Days as shall next ensue the entering into such Contraft: Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies before described, to flipulate with the said Commissioners for the Transfer of the Whole of the said Capital Stock at one Time, or that the same shall be transferred by Instalments within a less Period than four Years, so that the same be made by even Instalments at equal Intervals within the Period agreed upon, and on the respective Days before mentioned in each such Year, or

on

A.D. 179$.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60.

v

on such of the said Days as shall fall within the Period agreed upon for such Transfer: Provided also, That any Person so contracting as aforesaid, may transfer the whole Stock so agreed to be transferred as the Confederation for such Contract, or any Part thereof, in advance, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and that from and after the Transfer of any Stuck in advance, no Interest on Account of such Stock so transferred in advance shall be paid, as herein after is directed: Provided always, That if the Whole of the Stock so agreed to be transferred shall not be transferred at one Time, but by Instalments, and if a Division of the entire Quantity of Stock into equal Sums, to be paid determined by such Irftalments, would occasion a Fra&ion, less than the Fraction of one Penny, the fractional Part or Parts less than one Penny, needfary to such equal Division, shall be taken from the prior Instalment and added to the last Instalment, so as to avoid any Fraction less than a Penny*

hereby made faleab?e shall be charged, to contract and agree for the Redemption of such Land Tax, or any Part thereof, notwithstanding any Statutes of Mortmain, or other Statutes or Acts of Parliament to the contrary; and it shall be also lawful for all Committees and Curators of Lunatics or of Idiots, and for all Tutors and Guardians of Infants, and for all Persons having Authority to act for Infants, married Women, and other Persons incapable of acting (or themselves, to contract and agree on Behalf of such Lunatics, Idiots, Infants, married Women, and other Persons incapable of acting for themselves, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, wherein such Lunatics, Idiots, Infants, married Women, or other Persons incapable of acting for themselves, shall be interested, or any Part thereof, in the same Manner as such Persons might have done if not under any inca-acity; and it shall also be lawful for all Trustees to contract and agree in< like Manner, on Behalf of the _ ersons for whom they shall be Trustees, for the Purchase of any Land Tax charged on any Manors, M<jffuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of which they shall be Trustees.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all such Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Companies, and Persons before oeferihed, and all other Persons having any Estate or Interest in, or being substitute Heirs of Entail entitled in their Order to succeed to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon any Land Tax hereby madefaleable shall be charged, (except Fen ants at Rack Relit for any 'Form of Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will, and except T enants holding under the Crown any Lands or Tenements within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer or the Duchy of Lan-. cafler, or under the Duke of Cornwall any Lands or Tenements belonging to and Parcel of the Duchy of

Cornwall, for Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will,) to contract and agree with the said Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, in the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are htuate, for the Redemption of the said Land Tax charged thereon, or any Part thereof, upon the Terms and Conditions, and subject to the Regulations herein after mentioned, and that such Bodies Politic and Corporate, Companies, and Persons having such Estate or Interest as aforesaid, shall be entitled so to contract, in preference to all other Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Persons whatsoever, provided they shall contract on or before the twenty-hfth Day of March, which will be in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Companies, and all Persons who shall beintheadual Possession of or immediately entitled to the Rents and Profits of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, whereon any Land Tax hereby made saleable shall oe charged, (other than and except Tenants at Rack Relit for any Terms of Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will, and except Tenants holding under the Crown any Lands or Tenements within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer or the Duchy of Lancaster, or under the Duke of Cornwall any Lands or Tenements belonging to and parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, for any Tfcrm of Years or from Year to Year, or at Will,) and such Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians, or Trustees as aforesaid, on the Behalf of the Persons to whom they are such Committees, Curators, T utors. Guardians or Trustees, shall be preferred in the Purchase of such Land 'Fax, or any Part thereof, to any Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or Persons having any Estate or Interest in Remainder, Reversion, or Expediency, or being substitute Heirs of Entail, in the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments: Provided such Bodies Corporate, or Companies, and Persons so to be preferred, shall offer to contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and in case no Contract! shall be entered into, by or in the Behalf of the Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or Persons so in Possession, or immediately entitled as aforesaid, for the Redemption of the said Land Tax, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, then the Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or the Person or Persons having such Estates and Interest in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or the substitute Heirs of E11-Xail called to succeed in the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or their respective Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians, or Trustees, on their Behalf, shall be entitled to re-

10 deem

791

be transferred at once, (when no Inti rest shall be payable ($r* §91.) or by (hotter lnft;.l-ments, if f® (lipulated.

Fiaflions less than id. to be avoided.

Corporations, Trustees for Charities, Arc. Committees of Lunatics, Guardians and private Trustee* (or incapacitated Persons, enabled to contract for Redemption of the Land l ax, on their respectivt Trust Estates.

Such Corjx>ra-

t.ons and

Trustees, and Persons in Pof-Lflion or Reversion, or having any Interest in the Land, (except Tenants at Rack Relit or Te-nanuof Crown Lands, &c.) enabled to contrail, in Preference to all others, till March 2 c,

1799.

Corporations, and Persons in Possession, shall be preferred to those in Rever-fion, till Dec.

25,i79S, and

those in Revcf-. (ion shall be preferred to all having nolnte- -red in the Land, till March 25, 1799.

792

C. 60.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

deem such Land Tax, or any Part thereof, in preference to any other Person or Persons having no Efhte or Interest therein, and not being called to succeed therein as substitute Heirs of Entail, according to the Priority of such refi>ective Estates or Interests, such Priority to be settled by the said Commissioners, in cale the Parties shall differ about the same: Provided always, That no such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Persons in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or substitute Heirs of Entail as aforesaid, shall be cnt tled to such Benefit of Preference as last mentioned, unless a Contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax shall be entered into by or on the Behalf of him, her, or them, on or before the said twenty-fifth

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

TVrfons benefl

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or He-cially entitled to rc(jjtaments as aforesaid, shall be leased or demised at a Rack Relit for any Perm or Number of Years, or

let at Rack at Will, the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, beneficially entitled to the Relit re-

Rems, Ihallte considered as atlual Post\flora, and preferred accordingly.

Where Land Tax is payable by Tenant, and redeemed by Landlord, it shall be added so the Relit, and

Where Lands are charged with Fee Farm Rci t$,

&c. out of which a Proportion of the Land Tax may now be deduced by the Owner of the Land, such Deduction may continue to be made by him afttr his Redemption of his Land Tax.

Where Tythes,

FeeFarm Rents,

&c have not been diltinltly afleired to the Xand Tr.x, the Commissioners of Land Tax may adjust the Proportions to be paid by the Owners of such

Tythes, fee. and which they shall be preferably entitled to redeem.

served or made payable on any such Lease or Demile, shall (notwithstanding any Covenant or Agreement for the Payment of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the Tenant or Lessee thereof) be considered as being in the actual Possession of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purpose of claiming and being entitled to such Benefit of Preference as aforesaid; and where any such Tenant or Lessee shall be bound by Agreement to pay such Land Tax during the Continuance of any such Demise, and the Contract for such Land I ax shall be entered into by or on the Behalf of the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, lo beneficially entitled, the Amount of the Land Taxfo purchased shall, during the Continuance of such Lease or Dcmifc, be considered as Relit reserved or made payable on such Lease or Demise, and the same Powers shall be had, used, or enjoyed, for the Recovery thereof, as for the Recovery of such Relit when in Arrear.

recoverable as such.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every Persons and Person, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, who shall, under and by virtue of this Act, redeem any Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, that shall, at the Time of such Redemption, be charged with or subject to the Payment of any Fee Farm, Feu Duty, or other Annual Relit, for which he, she, or they would, upon Payment of the Land Tax, be entitled to abate and deduct a just Proportion of Rate under the Act of this present Session of Parliament, to continue to abate and deduct a just Proportion, from Time to Time, upon every Payment of such P ee Farm, Feu Duty, or other Annual Relit, as if such Land Tax had not been redeemed. v T

Persons claiming Benefit of Preference, shall produce a Description of their Lands charged, containing the Particulars thereof, to the Land Tax Commissioners, who Shall settle and certify the Amount of the Land Tax thereon (Sire Schedule ( A) s On the Production of which Certificate tt the Com'

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Difficulty shall arise in the Sale of the Land Tax which ought to be charged on any Tythes, or any Fee Farm Relit, Feu Duty, or other Relit, or any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, because such Tythes, or such Rents, Feu Duty, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, have not been assessed, or not distinctly assessed to the Land Tax, or because the Land Tax has been by the several Acts imposing the same directed to be deduced out of such Rents, by the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands charged with such Rents, it shall be lawful for the Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, entitled to such Tythes, Rents, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to apply to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, to settle and adjust the Proportion of Land Tax which ought to be borne and paid by such Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, on Account of such Tythes, Rents, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which have not been assessed, or not distinctly assessed as aforesaid, and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate respectively, to claim the like Benefit of Preference for Redemption of such Land Tax, and to contract for the Purchase thereof, and to do all Acts necessary for the Purpose of carrying such Contract into Execution, in the same Manner as if such Tythes, Rents, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, had been distinctly assessed to the Land Tax.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, claiming on their own Behalf, or on the Behalf of others, the Benefit of Preference herein mentioned, shall produce to any two Commissioners of Land Tax acting in and for the Hundred, Ward, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape, or other Division of the County, Riding, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place in England, or if in Scotland to any two Commissioners of Supply of the County or Stewartry, or Chief Magistrate of the City or Borough, within which any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or

Writing such

ties, of the Premises, and the Name or Names of the Occupier or Occupiers thereof; and the said Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, or Chief Magistrate respectively, shall ascertain, settle, and adjust the Amount of the Land Tax charged upon the refjx:£tive Manors, Meflyages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments contained in such Schedule, distinguishing according to the Form and Method in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A), the Parish or Place, Parishes or Places, within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, upon which each separate Assessment of Land Tax shall be charged, and the District or Division within which such Land Tax shall be charged, and shall grant

z a Cer-

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60.

a Certificate thereof to the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies applying for the same; and on the Production of the said Certificate to the Commissioners specially appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, within which such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are respectively situate, the said last mentioned Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to examine such Certificate, and amend the same, if necessary, according to the Assessment of Land Tax, and thereupon to contract and agree with the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, applying for the Redemption of such Land Tax, according to the Directions of this Act, and in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B); and upon the Production, at the Bank of England, of such Contrail and Certificate, and upon the Transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of so much Stock in the three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities beforementioned, or either of them, as will yield an Annuity or Dividend exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax so to be redeemed or purchased, by one tenth Part thereof, or of such Proportion of such Stock as shall have been contracted and agreed to be transferred as the first Instalment thereof, (being not less than one sixteenth of the whole Amount of the Capital Stock to be transferred on Account of the Redemption or Purchase of such Land Tax,) every such Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, shall be entitled to have a Certificate or Receipt from the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, acknowledging such Transfer, which Certificate or Receipt the said Cashier or Cashiers is or are hereby required to give, and the same may either be indorsed on such Contract, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C), or be distinct therefrom, as the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall judge expedient, or in such other Form as the said Governor and Company shall devise, which Certificate or Receipt shall be an Acquittance and Discharge to the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies aforesaid, transferring such Stock as aforesaid; and upon the Registry or Entry of such Certificates, Contracts, and Receipts, with his Majesty's Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprized in such Contract, shall thenceforth be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof; unless the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, contracting for such Land Tax, shall, at the Time of entering into the Contract. for the same, declare to the Commissioners, with whom such Contract shall be entered into, his, her, or their Option to be considered on the same Footing as a Person not interested in the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchasing the Land Tax charged thereon, is by this Act considered; in which Case, and upon such Option and Declaration so made being inserted in the Contract, the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, so contracting, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or A (fig ns, shall be entitled and subject to such and the like Benefits, Advantages, Conditions, and Restrictions, as Persons not interested as aforesaid would be entitled and subject to on their becoming the Purchasers of such Land Tax under this Act, after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Land T'ax shall have been contracted for, under any such Benefit of Preference as aforesaid, by or on the Behalf of any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies aforesaid, not having the absolute Estate or Interest in Fee Simple therein, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having or being beneficially entitled to any Estate or Interest in Succession, Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or being substitute Heirs of Entail, entitled to succeed in their Order, in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax whereof shall have been so contracted for, shall, at any Time or Times after such Estate or Interest shall vest in Possession, by reason of the Determination of the preceding Estate or Interest, or by the Estate devolving upon the substitute Heir of Entail, be entitled, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to demand from the original Contractors for such Land Tax, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, an Assignment of his, her, or their Interest in such Contract, or such Part thereof as shall then be in force, to them, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, upon transferring to such original Contractors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the like Amount of three rounds per Centum Bank Annuities in the same Stocks respectively as was transferred by such original Contractors as the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax, or such Part thereof as shall then be remaining in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in pursuance of this Act, which Assignment such original Contractors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, are hereby required to execute accordingly, and so from Time to Time every other Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, beneficially entitled in Remainder. Reversion, or Expectancy, and every substitute Heir of Entail called to succeed to the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall at any Time or Times after their respective Estates and Interests shall vest in Possession by reason of the Determination of the preceding Estate, or of the Estate devolving upon the substitute Heir of Entail, in like Manner be entitled, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to demand an Assignment from the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, who (hill then be the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Land Tax, of his, hey:, or their Interest therein, upon transferring to

38 Geo. III. 5 K -: *[ i him,

If Land Tax i* contracted for

under such Preference by Persons not having the Fee Simple of the Land*,

any Reversioner,

on his EC-tate vetting in Pottettion, shall be entitled to demand from the original Contractors, their Executors, &c. an Assignment of their Interi ft

in such Contract, upon transferring to them the same Quantity of 3 per Cents, as such Contractors paid for the

Redemption of the Tax j and so in alj Cases the Keverhoner,

Sec. coming into Possession may

C. 60.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

794

call for such Af-iignment from the Proprietor, who may be compelled to make the same by Order of Chancery, ate. though an In fant, or under any other legal Disability: On stich Alignment the Land to be exonerated, un-less the Assignee declares a like Option as the original Con-traftor. (See

5 l7>)

For the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax, Corporations and Trustees for public Pur-pores enabled to fell Part of the Lands charged, and to con -yey the same to any Persons, freed from Land Tax* by Indentures duly enrolled (or registered, as the Case may require); or to mortgage any Part to free the Whole from Land Tax; or to grant any Relit Charge to the Amount of the Land Tax.

fcccleflartical Persons, Fellows of Colleges, &c. to be subject to the same Rest raint* as at pr efent.

Persons In a final

Possession of Lands, but net having the absolute inured (except Tenants

HP^HVHPIHQ!!^RpHVH|HV!|HP!PlP a.d. 1798.

him, her, or them, the like Amount of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities as aforesaid, which Assignment such Proprietor or Proprietors is or are hereby required to make and execute accordingly; and in case any Proprietor or Proprietors hereby required to make any such Assignment as aforesaid (being of full Age, and competent to make the same) shall refuse so to do, then and in every such Case the Proprietor or Proprietors so refilling shall and may be compelled, by an Order of the High Court of Chancery in England, or Court of Seili in in Scotland, or the Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, (to be made upon hearing all Parties concerned, on the Petition of the Party hereby authorized to demand the same,) to make such Assignment as aforesaid, and such Court shall have Power to award Cods to either Party, if upon the Circumstances it shall think fit so to do; and it shall be lawful for any such Proprietor or Proprietors hereby required to make any such Assignment as aforesaid, who at the Time the same shall be demanded shall be under the Age of twenty-one Years, or be under any other legal liability or Incapacity, by the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, Session, or Exchequer, respectively, nenified by an Order to be obtained as aforesaid, to make such Assignment, which shall be as good and eitectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he, she, or they were of the full Age of twenty-one Years, and free from any legal Disability or Incapacity; any Law, Cudom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, That upon every such Alignment, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereon the Land l ax so assigned shall have been charged, shall from thenceforth be freed and exonerated from such Land 'Pax, unless the Assignee or Assignees thereof shall cause the like Option to be inserted in the Assignment, which is hereinbefore directed to be inserted in the original Contract, in Cases where such Option shall have been declared by the original Contractor. S: j-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and Companies aforesaid, and all Trustees for charitable and other public Purposes, being in the actual Possedion, or entitled beneficially to the Rents and Profits of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under the Restrictions and Regulations herein after mentioned, to fell such Part or Parts of such Manors, Messuages, Land% Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall be eligible and neceflkry, for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing such Land Tax; and, by Indenture or Indentures duly sealed and delivered, and enrolled for Estates in England within six Calendar Months after the Execution thereof in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or in the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chrfter, Lancaster, or Durham, or in the Courts of Great Session in Wales, as the Case shall require, or registered in the Counties of Middlesex and York in the Manner required by Law for Conveyances of Real Estates situated in those Counties respectively, and by proper Deeds or other Conveyances, to be executed and registered in the Manner required by the Law of Scotland for Estates in Scotland, absolutely to convey the same, freed and discharged from Land Tax, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever; or to change a sufficient Part of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to redeem or purchase the Land Tax charged on the Whole of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and (or securing the Re*payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, by like Indenture or Indentures enrolled or registered as aforesaid, to convey, surrender, or demise, by Way of Mortgage or other Real Security, such Part of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, freed and discharged from Land Tax, as shall be a sufficient Security for that Purpose, to any Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Sum or Sums of Money upon the Security thereof, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, either in Fee Simple, or for any Term or Number of Years; or, by like Indenture or Indentures enrolled or registered as aforesaid, to grant, limit, or appoint any Yearly Sum or Sums of Money by Way of a perpetual Relit Charge, not exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax charged upon the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be issuing out of, and charged and chargeable upon such Manors, Messuages, Lands, I enements, or Hereditaments: Provided always, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Sale, Conveyance, or Mortgage or Grant of any Relit Charge by any Archbishop or Bishop, without the Confirmation of the Dean and Chapter, or by any Parson, Vicar, or other Person having any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Living or Benefice, without the Content of the Ordinary, and also of the Patron, if adult, and within the Realm; or by any Curate of any Perpetual Curacy, without the Consent of the Person having the Power of Appointment to such Curacy; or by any Master or Fellows of any College, or by any Chapter of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, Master or Guardian of any Hospital, or any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Person or Persons whatever, without such Consent as by Law was required for that Purpose before the making of any Statute or Statutes for restraining the Sales, Conveyances, Mortgages, or Grants of such Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any of them, or for disabling such Persons, Bodied Politic or Corporate, from making any such Sales, Conveyances, Mortgages, or Grants, or any of them.

XX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing the Land Tax charged on any Manors* Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for all and every Persons and Person being in the actual Possession, or entitled beneficially to the Rents and Profits thereof, but not having the absolute interest therein, (other than.and except Tenants at Rack Relit for any Terms

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 795

of Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will, and Tenants holding under the Crown any Lands or Tenements within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, or the Duchy of Lancaster, or under the Duke of Cornwall any Lands or Tenements belonging to and Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall,) and also for all Committees and Curators of Lunatics or of Idiots, and Tutors or Guardians of Infants, seised or possessed of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and for all Executors and Administrators, Curators or Trustees whatsoever, seised or possdTed of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, who have Authority to act for Infants, Minors, Iffiie unborn, Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Per suns, or Persons incapacitated by Law or Deed to act for themselves, under the Restrictions and Regulations herein after mentioned, to fell such Part or Parts of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall be eligible and necessary, for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing such Land Tax, and, by Indenture or Indentures duly sealed and delivered, and executed and enrolled, or registered as hereinbefore mentioned, absolutely to convey the same, freed and discharged from Land Tax, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever; or to charge a sufficient Part of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to redeem or purchase the Land l ax charged on the Whole of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and for securing the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, by like Indenture or Indentures, enrolled or registered as aforesaid, to convey, surrender, or demise, by Way of Mortgage or other Real Security, such Part of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, freed and discharged from the Land Tax to be purchased as aforesaid, as shall be a sufficient Security for that Purpose, to any Person or Persons who

at Rack Rents,

or Tenants of Crown Lands, Sec".) and all Committees of Lunatics, Guardians, Executors, and private Trustees whatsoever, enabled in like Manner to fell, mortgage, or grant a Relit Charge for redeeming the Land Tax.

ey upon me Security thereof, his, her, or their Heirs,

Ft

Simple or for any Term or Number of Years; or,

by like Indenture or Indentures enrolled or registered as aforesaid, to grant, limit, or appoint, any Yearly Sum or Sums of Money by Way of a perpetual Relit Charge, not exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax charged upon the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments? to be issuing out of, and charged and chargeable upon such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments:

Provided always, That no Sale, Conveyance, Mortgage, or Grant, which shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be valid and effectual, unless two at ieaft of the Commissioners, to be specially appointed for the Purposes of this Act, in the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Plac.e, where the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be sold, mortgaged, or charged by virtue of this Act, shall be situate, shall certify their Consent thereto and Approbation thereof by signing and sealing the same as Parties thereto: Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to.extend to the empowering any Heir of Entail in Possession of any entailed Estate in Scotland, to sell or dispose of any Part of the said Estate without Application to the Court of Session by Petition, and obtaining the Authority of that Court to such Sale, and to the due Application of the Money thence arising, as herein after directed.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which the Authority of any Court is required by this Act for any Sale, Disposition, or Purchase, warranted by this Act, it shall not ly necessary also to require the Consent of the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of this Act, to authorize such Sale, Disposition, or Purchase.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person who shall be seised in Fee Tail of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in England, to convey such Part or Parts thereof as shall be deemed eligible and necessary to be sold for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by Deed duly sealed and delivered, and acknowledged and enrolled in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin-

Jler, or in the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or in the Courts of Great Session in JVaUs, or registered in the Counties ot Middlesex or York, as the Case shall require; and such Deed being duly executed and enrolled, or registered as aforesaid, shall as effectually and absolutely bar all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in the Hereditaments so conveyed, as if such Tenant in 'Fail had levied a Fine, or suffered a common Recovery thereof in due Form of Law. j,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sale, Mortgage, or Grant of any Relit Charge, which shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall, after the same shall be enrolled or registered as aforesaid, and after the Payment of the Purchase or Mortgage Money into the Bank of England, in the Manner herein after directed, be good, valid, and fffedtual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the respective Persons to whom any Relit Charges shall be granted, by virtue of this Act, shall have and be entitled tq, uleand take the same Powers, Remedies, Benefits, and Advantages, for the Recovery thereof, as Landlords by Law have or are entitled to use and take for the Recovery of Rents reserved on common

Leases or Demises., Charges entitled to all the Remedies of Landlords.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, AH such Sales to Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made for the Purpose of purchasing Land Tax under this Act, shall be by public Auction before two or more of the Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes

Two Commissioners under this Act to be Parties to all Conveyances for the Purposes thereof, (but fee

Heir of Entail in Possession in Scotland, to act only under the Authority of the Court of Session. (Sec § a6.)

When the Authority of a Court is required, Commissioners need not be Parties.'

Tenants in Tail may convey for the Purpose of such Redemption, by Deed enrolled or re- '

giftcred, without

Fine or Recovery.

After enrolling and registering Conveyance, and Payment of Money into the Bank, the Sale, &c. to be valid to all Intents. Grantees of Relit

be by public Auction before two Commissioners, wh*

796 C. 60. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

shall give ten Days* Notice thereof.

Tenants for Lives or Years, where a Fine was paid, not to fell without Con fen t of the Reversioner.

thereof, or some Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, and such Commissioners shall cause Notice to be published in some Newspaper usually circulated in the County, Riding, Stewartry, or Place, where such Property intended to be sold shall be situate, of such Sale, at least ten Days before the same shall take place.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to enable any Tenant for Lives, or for Years determinable on Lives, or for Years absolute, though not at Rack Relit, to fell any Part of the Tenement demised, in any Case of a Demi(e for which any Fine or Premium was paid, without the Consent of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, entitled to the immediate Estate in Reversion upon such Demise.

Heirs of Entail in Possession in Scotland, their Tutors, &c. shall apply by Petition to the Court of Session, in all Cases of intended Sales, for the Purpose ot‘redeeming the Land Tax; the said Court shall proceed summarily to authorize such Sale, and the Extract of their Decree shall authorize

the Commissioners to fell.

In Cases ofbor. rowing Money by such Heir,&c. in Scotland, and granting heritable Security for the same, like Application to be made to, and Proceedings had the Court of Session.

Such Sales in Scotland and he*

shall be valid to all Intents; but the entailed Estate shall never be adjudged for Money lent on interest.

Previous to any Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, under this Act, a Schedule shall be produced to the Commissioners by the Seller, &c. stating the Par-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Heir of Entail in Possession of an entailed Estate in Scotland, or his or her Tutor or Tutors, or where he or she is an Idiot or Lunatic, his or her Curator or Curators, mean to fell Part of the said Estate to purchase the Land Tax of the Estate, in Terms of this Act, it shall be competent and requisite for him, her, or them, to apply by Petition to the Court of Session, dating the Amount of the Land Tax payable out of the said Estate, what Part of the Estate it is proposed to fell, and the Relit or annual Value of that Part of the Estate, and praying the Court, upon the Allegations on these Points being proved to the Satisfaction of the Court, and it being shewn that the Sale of the Parc of the Estate proposed to be sold will not materially injure the Residue of the Estate remaining unfold, and that the Part so proposed to be sold is proper (considering all Circumstances) to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, to authorize such Sale to proceed in Manner herein after enabled; and the Judge* of the said Court are hereby authorized and required to order such Petitions to be intimated upon the Walls of the outer and inner House of the said Court in common Form, for ten Sederunt Days, which Intimation shall be a valid and effectual Intimation and Service, to all Intents and Purposes, as much as if the said Petitions had been personally intimated to or served upon all Persons having or pretending to have any Interest with regard to the said Estate, as substitute Heirs of Entail, Creditors on the said Estate, or in any other Way or Character whatever, and such Intimation being duly made, the Court shall proceed summarily in the Matter, and shall authorize the Sale of that Part of the Estate which the Petitioner or Petitioners are willing to fell, which the Court thinks ought to be sold for the Purpose above mentioned, and against the Sale of which no sufficient Reason is stated by any Person having Interest; and the Extralfc of the Decree of the Court authorizing the Sale, shall be sufficient Authority to the Commissioners appointed by this Act to carry on the Sale in the Manner herein after directed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Heir of Entail in Possession of an entailed Estate in Scotland, or his or her Tutor or Tutors, or wherejie or (he is an Idiot or Lunatic, his or her Curator or Curators, mean to burthen the said Estate with a Sum of Money to be borrowed, to enable him, her, or them, to purchase the Land Tax of the said Estate, it shall be competent and necessary for him, her, or them, to apply by Petition to the Court of Session, dating the Amount of the Land Tax payable out of the Estate, the Sum proposed to be borrowed, and whether it is proposed to grant the heritable Security over the Whole or Part of the Estate, and if over Part of the Estate what Part, and praying the Court to authorize him, her, or them, to borrow such Sum as the Court shall think proper for the Purposes of this Act, and to grant heritable Security in common Form for that Sum over the whole Estate, or Part thereof, as the Case may be, and the Judges of the said Court are hereby authorized and required to order such Petitions to be intimated in the same Manner as Petitions praying for Authority under this Act to fell Part of entailed Estates are by this Act ordered to be intimated, and the Effect of such Intimation shall be the same in both cases; and such Intimation being duly made, the Court shall proceed summarily in the Matter, and shall authorize the Petitioner or Petitioners to grant heritable Security over the Whole of the entailed Estate, or Part thereof, provided no sufficient Reason is stated to the contrary by any Person having Interest.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Part of an entailed Estate in Scotland is fold for the Purposes of this Act in the Manner hereinbefore directed, and where any heritable Security is granted upon any entailed Estate also in the Manner hereinbefore directed, such Sale and heritable Security shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and PurposeSt as if the Estate, Part of which is so fold, or upon which the heritable Security is granted, had been held by the Seller and Grantor of the heritable Security in Fee Simple unfettered by any Entail; and the Person to whom such heritable Security is granted, his Heirs, Executors, and Assignees, shall have and be entitled to use all the Powers, Remedies, and Means known in Law, to recover either the Interest due upon the Money lent or the Principal Sum: Provided always, That it shall not be. competent to adjudge all or any Part of the entailed Estate, either for the Interest or Principal Sum of the Money so lent.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any Sale, Mortgage, or Grant as aforesaid shall be made by virtue of this Act, the Person or Persons desirous of making the same shall produce to the Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, in the County, Riding, Stewartry, or Place, where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, intended to be sold, mortgaged, or charged, are situate, a Schedule, in Writing, declaring the Quantity or Duration of the Estate or Estates which he, she, or they shall have in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, whereon the Land "Lax proposed to be redeemed shall be charged \ and if the lame dull

' 1. not

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 797

not be an Estate of Inheritance, then the Name or Names of the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies next entitled to any beneficial Interest in such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, expectant on the Determination of the immediate Edate or Interest therein, and if such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be subject to any Mortgage, Charge, Lien, or Incumbrance, then the Name or Names of the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having such Mortgage, Charge, Lien, or Incumbrance, and the Amount thereof, and (if more than one) the Priorities of the respective Incumbrances.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money to arise by virtue of any Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid by the respective Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Grantees, into the Bank of England, to be there placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under the Title ic An Account of the Sale of the u Land Tax," who shall keep distinct Accounts thereof, and invest the same in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, according to the Directions of this Act; and the Receipt of the Cashiers of the Bank, or any one of them, shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to the several Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Grantees, paying in such Monies as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, whose Land Tax shall have been redeemed therewith, shall be entitled to have and receive the same Certificates and Discharges, and his, her, or their Estate shall be exonerated and discharged from such Land Tax in the same Manner, in all Respeds, as if the Quantity of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, to be purchased with such Monies, had been actually transferred by him, her, or them to the said Commissioners, as the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax: Provided always, That no more Money shall be raised by Way of Mortgage, or by Grant of any Relit Charge, than what shall appear to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, to be sufficient to purchase the Amount of Bank Annuities to be transferred as the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax: Provided also, That no other or greater Quantity of Estate shall be fold, than what shall appear to the said Commissioners eligible and necessary to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid: Provided also, That the said Commissioners shall not certify their Consent to, or Approbation of, any such Sale as aforesaid, without having an Estimate in Writing, upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, of the Value of such Part of the Estate

SB Act B mm m A a a a — m m m a m m m ^m m a

ticulars of his Interest, and that of all Reversion-ers and Mortgagees.

fold for the Purposes aforesaid.

not materially 11 proper (conude

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons interested in Remainder, Reversion, or Expedancy, in any Estate in England, any Part of which shall be proposed to be sold or mortgaged under the Authority of this Act, or for the Guardians, Committees, or Trustees, of any such Person or Persons who shall be aggrieved by such intended Sale or Mortgage, or conceive themselves so to be, at any Time before such Estate shall have been actually conveyed by way of Sale or Mortgage, to present a Petition to the High Court of Chancery, which Court shall have Power in a summary Way to make such Order respecting the Suspension of or proceeding in such Sale or Mortgage, or for the Sale or Mortgage of any other Part of the Estate in question, as well as for the Payment of any Costs occasioned by such Petition, as such Court shall think fit.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That wherever, by reason of any Fluduation in the Price of the said Bank Annuities, or that the precise Quantity of Estate necessary to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid cannot be set apart to be so fold, there shall be any Surplus of Stock purchased with the Money arising by any Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, to be made under or by virtue of this Act, after reserving so much of the three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities as shall be agreed to be transferred as the Consideration for such Land Tax, the said Surplus Stock shall, where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so fold, mortgaged, or charged, are situated in England, be placed in the Books of the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to the Intent that the same may be applied in the Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) to the Intent that such Surplus Stock may at a convenient Time be fold, and the Money arising therefrom applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Part thereof, aflvding the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax charged whereon shall have been so redeemed, or where the same shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Di-jedion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon, such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so fold, mortgaged, or charged, as aforesaid, stood settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking effect, and in the mean Time the Dividends and annual Produce of such Surplus Stock shall from Time to Time go and belong to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in case such last mentioned Purchase and Settlement were made; or to the Intent that such Surplus Stock may

Uc transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under the Direction and with the

Reversioners of Estates in England', or their Guardians, JErc. may Petition Chancery against such Sales or Mert-gage.

If on such Sale* See. there shall be any Surplus of Stock, after transferring sufficient to redeem the Land Tax, such Surplus (from Lands in England) shall be inverted in the Rankin the Accountant General’s Name, and applied under Order of Chancery in Payment of Debts affecting the Seller's Estate, or in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled as the Lands fold were.; the Dividends mean, while to be paufc

to the PerLatv.

798

C. 60.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

the Approbation of the said Court of Chancery, to be signified in Manner aforesaid, for the Purchase of any. Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate in any Part of Great Britain; and such Land Tax, when so purchased, shall be deemed to be of the Nature of Real Estate, and shall go and be applied in the same Manner as the Estate fold would have gone and been applied, if the same had not beenfo fold,., vfi% r J ¥

entitled to the Lands; or such Surplus may be laid out in the Purchase of Land Tax,

which shall then be considered as Real Estate.

JnScotland such Surplus Stock shall be placed in one of the public Banks, subject to the Order of the Court of Session, who may apply the same in Payment of Debts; or the Purchase of other Lands or Land Tax j and mean Time place the same out at Interest for the Benefit of the Person entitled to the Lands.

If the Surplus does not exceed 200). Stock, it may be transferred to a Trustee without Interference of the Courts.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so fold, mortgaged, or charged, are situated in Scotland, such Surplus Stock may be fold, and the Money arising therefrom be paid into or placed in one or other of the two public Banks of Scotland, with the previous Authority of the Court of Semon, the Judges of which Court are here-by empowered and required, upon summary Petition to be presented to them by or on the Behalf of the Proprietor or Heir in rofltflion for the Time, to direct and order that the said Surplus Money or Balance shall be laid out and employed as soon as conveniently may be, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, either in the Payment of Debts aftedling the said entailed Estate, or in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Land Tax, which respectively shall be limited and settled to the same Persons and Uses, and under the same Clauses and Conditions as the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so fold, mortgaged, or charged as aforesaid, stood settled and limited; and in the mean Time, till the said Surplus Money or Balance shall be so employed, to order and direct the Money to be laid out upon such Security as to the Court shall seem proper, upon Interest, and to direct such Clauses to be inserted in the Bond or other Security to be taken for the Money, as shall be effectual to secure the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in case such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, had not been made, and the succeeding Heirs of Entail who shall successively come to the Possession of the same, the Enjoyment of the Interest of the said Money, and to prefer ve the Capital until the Money shall be employed as aforesaid.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Surplus as aforesaid shall not exceed the Amount of two hundred Pounds Principal Stock, the same shall be transferred to a Trustee to be named by the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies redeeming such Land Tax, in order that the same may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery or Court of Session as aforesaid.

Mortgagees,

Sec. under tills Act not to have Priority over former Mort-gageesof Estates, except for Interest of Mortgage j and such former Mortgagees to have the Preference of advancing Money to redeem the Land Tax.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further epadled, That all and every Persons or Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, having any Mortgage, Charge, Lien, or Incumbrance on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be mortgaged, or out of which any Relit Charge shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall have and be entitled to all such Remedies, Privileges, and Ad vantages, both at Law and in Equity, as he, she, or they would have had or been entitled to in case this Act had not been passed, or no Mortgage or Grant had been made under or by virtue thereof; and the Person or Persons lending any Money for the Purposes of this Act shall not have Priority of Security on the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, by force and virtue of this Act, over any such prior Mortgage, Charge, Lien, or Incumbrance, in respect of the Principal Money lent for the Purposes of this Act, but in respect of the Interest thereof only: Provided also, That all Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having any prior Mortgages, Charges, Liens, or Incumbrances on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be entitled, according to their respective Priorities, to advance the Money required for the Redemption of such Land Tax in preference to all other Persons.

NoRevcrfioner, on coming into Porte flion to be liable to the Payment of more than one Year's Interest, &c. in Arrear.

Any Person having Benefit of Preference, and not an Estate of Inheritance, redeeming the Land Tax out of his own Estate, and declaring his Option to be considered as a

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, entitled in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy to, or having any future Interest in any Manors, Messuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so conveyed, surrendered, or demised by Way of Mortgage, or whereout any such Relit Charge or Relit Charges as aforesaid shall be granted and made payable, in pursuance of this Act, shall be liable, upon his, her, or their coming into the Possession.of, or being beneficially entitled to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to the Payment of Arrears of Interest on any Sum or Sums of Money secured by Mortgage as aforesaid, or of Arrears of any Relit Charge for more than twelve Calendar Months preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession

shall have accrued.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons having such Benefit of Preference as hereinbefore mentioned, and who shall not be seised of or entitled to any Estate of Inheritance in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereon any Land Tax shall be charged, shall redeem such Land Tax by and out of his, her, or their own Estate, and shall, at the Time of entering into the Contract for the Redemption thereof, have declared his, her, or their Option to be considered on the Footing of a Purchaser or Purchasers as aforesaid, such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have, hold, and enjoy the Land Tax so redeemed by him, her, or them, as an Annuity iflfuing out of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (subject to such Right and Power of Redemption thereof as hereinbefore is given to the Person or Persons beneficially

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 799

Purchaser, shall hold the Land Tax redeemed as an Annuity issuing out of the Lands, (subject to the Reversioner’s Right of Redemption under §18)j but if the Lands are exonerated from the Tax, the Purchase/ will be entitled to the Amount of the

entitled to the next F date or Interest in Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, as and when such Estate or Interest shall vest in Possession); and when any such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall not, at the Time of entering into the Contrail for the Redemption of such Land Tax, have declared hi% her, or their Option as aforesaid, whereby such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon the Land Tax shall have been charged, will by virtue of this Act he exonerated therefrom, such Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be and become chargeable for the Benefit of such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administraturs, or Assigns, with the Amount of the three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, fyhich shall have been transferred as the Consideration for the Redemption of the said Land I ax, and with the Payment of such yearly Sum or Sums of Money, by Way of Interest thereon, as shall be equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed: Provided always, That no Person or Persons in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or having any future Interest as aforesaid, who shall afterwards, in Order of Succession, come into the actual Possession, or be beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be liable to the Payment of an/ such Annuity, or of any yearly Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Interest as afinesaid, save only from the lime he, she, or they shall come into Possession, or be beneficially entitled as aforesaid. - - J per Cents.

transferred as the Consideration, with Interest equal to the Land Tax redeemed; but Reversioners shall be liable to the Payment of such - Interest only from the Time of their coming into Possession.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be fold or mortgaged, nor any Relit Charge granted, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities given by this Act, without one Calendar Month’s previous Notice in Writing given to the said Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this ACT, by the Person or Persons desirous of making such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, nor if the Person or Persons who shall be beneficially entitled to the first or next beneficial Estate in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy therein, (if any such shall be,) or the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons, in case of Minority, or Committee or Committees of his or her Estate, in case of Lunacy, shall, within one Calendar Month after Notice in Writing shall be given to him, her, or them, by the Person or Persons desirous of making such Sale,

Mortgage, or Grant, (which Notice such Person or Persons is and are hereby required to give in every such Case,) agree to advance the Money, which shall be required for the Purchase of the Stock to be transferred, as the Consideration for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and which Money such Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, is or are hereby authorized or empowered to advance for that Purpose; and in every such Case the Contract shall be made in the Name of, or assigned to the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Behalf such Money shall be advanced, who shall be bound to complete the same, and h^e and enjoy all Benefits and Advantages arising therefrom, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been originally entitled to such Benefit of Preference as aforesaid: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any Person or Persons, hereby required to give such Notice to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, who shall be the Guardian or Guardians of such Infant, or Committee or Committees of such Lunatic Person or Persons in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, from making any such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant of any Relit Charge, in the same Manner as if such Infant Person or Persons had been of full Age, and had refused to advance such Money as aforesaid.

f may fell as if Infant! had been of full Age, and had refused to advance the Money on Notice.

XXXIX. Provided always- and be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be settled or limited to or for any particular Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes, and any other Property shall be subject to any Trust to be laid out or inverted in the Purchase of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to or for the same Uses,

Trusts. Intents, or Purposes, or to be applied in the Payment of any Debts or Charge affecting the same, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to apply such other Property in the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon such settled Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with such Consent as shall be necessary for the Purpose of applying such other Property in the Purchase of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to the Terms of the Trust affecting the same, whether such Trust shall have been created or directed by any Act of Parliament, Deed, Will, or otherwise; and when any such Trust Property shall be under the Direction or Control of any Court, the same shall be so applied under the Order of such Court; and such Land Tax, when all the Instalments shall be completed, shall fink and become merged in the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled thereto.

XL. And be it further enacted, That any Trust Property, which by any Act of Parliament, or any Deed or Will, or otherwise, is directed to be applied in the Purchase of Stock in the Public Funds or other Securities, at the Discretion of any Trustee or Trustees, or Curator or Curators, or subject to the Consent of the Person or Persons for whose Benefit the Trust shall be created, or any of them, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to lay out and invert the same in the Purchase of any Land Tax which shall be (old in pursuance of this Act, in the same Manner in all Respects as if such Invcftment had been authorized by the Terms of the Trust, affecting such Property 5 and if any such Trust Property shall be subject to any Trust to

STT .' - apply

No Lands shall be fold or mortgaged for the Purposes of this Act. without onc Month’i Notice to the CommissiontTi; nor if the Person entitled to the first or next beneficial Estate, or his Guardian, &c. (halt, on one

Month’sNotice*-

(which in every Case must be given him,) advance the Money

necessary; in which Case they shall be confi. dered as preferably entitled. Guardians of Infants in Remainder, &c.

Trust Property directed to be laid out in Land may be applied

in Redemption

of the Land Tax on limited Lands, and the Land Tax shall in such Case merg^ in the said Lands.

Trust Property

directed to be laid out in the Funds, may be inverted in the; Purchase of Land Tax under this Act; as also Trust Property to be ap—

8co

plied in Purchase of Real Eftaie; in which Case the Land Tax shall he considered as Real Estate; but the Entail in which may be barred by Deed enrolled or regi lUred.

Timber may he cut down by Persons in PofftlTion under Order of Chancery, Arc. and the Produce and Surplus applied in Redemption 9f Land Tax, Ice. as in Cases of Real Ertate, under the Direction of the Courts; having regard to the Rights of allPcr-fons interested.

Copyhold or Customary Ef-tatesmay be enfranchised for the same Pur-j>oses.

Money may be given or devised for the Redemption of the Land Tax on Estates of Charities.

Parishes entitled to Lands settled to charitable Uses, may redeem the Land Tax thereon out ct the Poor’s Rate, &c. with the Approbation

of two Justices, and on public Notice in Church for two Sundays.

Surveyor General of the Crown, the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, and Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall, may

agree for Rc-

C. 60. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

apply the same in the Purchase of Real Estate, to be settled to or for any particular Uses, Intents, or Purposes, it shall be lawful to apply the same in the Purchase of any Land I ax to be purchased in pursuance Oi this Act; and such Land Tax, when so purchased and conveyed to the LJfes, and subject to the rusts, and for the Intents and Purposes to and for which such Real Estate, if purchased, would have been fussed, jh<d| be deemed to be of the Nature of Real Estate, and shall go and be applied in the same Manner as Real Estate, if purchased with the same Funds, would have gone and been applied: Provided always, That it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons who shall become entitled to any such Land lax so purchased and settled as Real Estate, to bar and destroy any Entail thereof, whicl? might have been barred by Recovery or Fine by Deed acknowledged by such Person or Persons, and enrobed in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at l'Westminster> or in the Courts of the said Counties Palatine, or the Great Sessions in Wales^ as the Case shall require, or registered in the Office for registering Deeds in the Counties of Middle-

sex or Torky as the Case shall require. v. T j -r

XLI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing the Land lax

charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments subject to any Restriction, 10 the Power of the Person or Persons in Possession, or entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, to cut down l imber (landing thereon, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons in Possession, with the Approbation (if in England) of the Court of Chancery, and (if in Scotland) of the Court of Session, upon an Application in a summary Way, to cut down such Quantity of T imber as the said Courts shall respectively direct, and apply the Produce thereof, under the Directions of luyh Courts, in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax, or any Part thereof, charged on any Manors, Lands, I encments, or Hereditaments, whereon the said Timber shall be growing, or any Aianors, Messuages, Lands, I enements, or Hereditaments, subject to the same Restriction; and in case there shall be any Surplus of Money arising by Sale of Rich Timber, the same shall be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, with respect to Surplus Money arihng by Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, hereby authorized to be told. Provided always nevertheless, That the Court by whole Direction any such Timber shall be fold, shall further direct in what Manner the Income derived therefrom ought to be applied during lo long rime as the Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, on which such Timber shall be growing, shall be m Possession of any Person or Persons having a limited Interest or limited Interests therein, having regard to

the Rights of all Persons interested therein. \ n

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Body Politic or Corporate, or Company, and for any Person or Persons (eifed of any Manors in England, of which any Copyhold or Customary Estates shall be holden, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to enfranchise any such Copyhold or Customary Estates, and to apply the Money arising thereby, under the Direction of the Uid Court, in the same Manner and under the same Restrictions as hereinbefore directed and provided with respect to any Timber hereby authorized to be cut down on any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the like Purpose.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons by \V ill or other-

wife, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, to give any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of applying the same in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments settled to any charitable Isles, and which may and shall be applied accordingly; any Statutes of Mortmain, or other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Parish or Place entitled to the Benefit of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments settled to charitable Uses, to apply such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Redemption of the Land I ax charged thereon, out of any Rate made or to be made on such Parish or Place for the Relief of the Poor, in case the Rents and Profits of such Lands shall be applicable for the Benefit of the Poor, and out of any Church Rate, in case the Rents and Profits shall be applicable to the Repairs of any Church or Chapel, or otherwise out of such Parish Rate as the Circumstances of the particular Case shall require: Provided always, That no such Rate shall he so applied without the Approbation of two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, certified in Writing to the Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, and upon Proof before such Justices, on Oath or Affirmation, of Notice having been given during Divine Service on two Sundays at the least in the Church or Chapel, belonging to such Parish or Place, or where there shall be no Church or Chapel, then in the Church or Chapel of some Parish adjoining thereto, of an Intention to make such Application, and of the Time and Place of applying for the Approbation of such Justices.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, in respect of the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, 1 enements, Rents, or other Revenues of the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer for the ime being, with the Consent of the I/ord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the ime being, and for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, in respect of the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Rents, Tenements, Hereditaments, or other Revenues of the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the said Chancellor and Council, and Officers of the said Duchy, and for the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall, in respect of the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and other Revenues of the Duchy of

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo o#avo Georgii III. c. 60.

Cornwall, to contract and agree with the Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues respectively, and to proceed to the Completion of such Contract, in such and the like Manner, in all Respe#s, as is hereinbefore directed in Cases of Redemption of any Land Tax, with and subject to such Benefit of Preference, and with such Power of Redemption as is hereinbefore given to any Bodies Politic or Corporate by this Act, except where it shall be otherwise expressly provided by this Act. r

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint such and so many Persons as his Majesty may think proper, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Proportions of the Land "Pax charged upon all and every of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues belonging to the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer in England, and such Commissioners are hereby required, as soon as they conveniently can, to certify and report, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, unto the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, the Proportions of such Land Tax, and the several Parishes and Places within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues ujx>n which the same is charged and payable, and to transmit a Copy of such Certificate to the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, now or for the Time being, to contract or agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale, from Time to Time, of such or so much of the Manors, Messuages. Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, or Waste Lands belonging to the Crown, as are within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer in England, for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the same, as will raise a Sum of Money sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown, and the Purchase Monies to be paid for the same shall from Time to Time be paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, under which Title the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to open an Account accordingly, and shall be laid out by Order of the Surveyor General in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, in like Manner as is directed by an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sal Farm and other unimprovable Rents \ but nevertheless in such Manner that the Accounts there kept separate and distin# from the Accounts of the Sales made, and Stock purchased, in pursuance of that

A#., V

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contract shall be made, unless by Special Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, under the Seal of the said Duchy, to nominate and appoint such and so many Persons as the said Chancellor and Duchy may think proper, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Proportions of the Land Tax charged upon all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and other Revenues belonging to the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy and its Officers; and such last mentioned Commissioners are hereby required, as soon as they conveniently can, to certify and report, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, unto the Chancellor and Council, the Proportions of such Land Tax, and the several Parishes and Places within which, and the Manors, Messuages. Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues upon which the same is charged and payable, and to transmit a Copy of such* Certificate to such Officer of the said Duchy as the said Chancellor and Council shall appoint. ‘

L. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Surveyor General shall have contract with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, the said Surveyor General shall grant to the respective Purchaser or Purchasers a Certificate under his Hand, specifying the Premises so con-tra# for, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same; and the Cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Produ#ion of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the same, without Fee or Reward > and the said Certificate and Receipt shall be afterwards enrolled in the Office of the respective Auditor of the Land Revenue, or in the Office of the Clerk of the Pipe, if the Premises shall be in Charge before him; and such Auditor or Clerk of the Pipe, or their respective Deputy or De-uties, having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the same under his or their Hand or ands, and return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers, and from and immediately after such Enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers, their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, shall by Force of this Act be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Pof-

38 Geo. III. 5 L fdfion

fr

B

801

demption of the Land Tax on Lands within their respective Surveys, as in the case of Bo-dies Corporate.

The King may appoint Persons to ascertain the Land Tax on the Crown Lands in the Survey of the Exchequer; a Report of which shall be fenttotlicTrta-fury. '

Surveyor General of the Crown may contract for Sale of Part of the Crown Lands, to redeem the Land Tax thereon; the Money to be paid into the Bank, and laid out by his Order in the Purchase of 3 per Cent*, in the Name of the Treasury', at under 34 Geo. j. c. 75; but the Accounts to be kept distin# from those under tha* Act.

Such Contracts

to be made only by Warrant from the Treasury.

Chancellor, &c. of the Duchy of Lancaster may appoint Persont to ascertain the Land l ax on Crown Lands withinSurveyof the Duchy to be reported to them.

Surveyor General, on making a Contract, shall givca Certificate thereof to the Purchaser; on the Produ#ion of which, the Caftlierg of the Bank shall receive his Money, and give him a Receipt j which Certificate and Receipt shall be cnroi.cd in the Office ot Auditor of the Laijd

802

C. 60.

Anno tricesimo o&avo GEORGII III.

A.D. 1798.

Revenue, &c. and the Enrolment, arrested on the said Certificate, shall be full Evidence of the Purchastr’s Title.

session of the Premises so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming, by, from, or under him or them, and of and from all Manner of Incumbrances whatsoever, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same.

Expences of Surveys necessary shall be defrayed out of the Purchase Money by Order of the Treasury.

Form of Centrals and Receipts on Sale of such Lands, in Schedules E. F, C, H.

Chancellor, &c. of Duchy of Lancaster may fell Lands, &c. within the Duchy, to redeem the Land Tax $ the Purchase Money to be paid to the Receiver General of the Duchy, and inverted under the Directions of 19 GEO. 3. c. 45.

The Treasury, and the Chancellor, &c. of the Duchy, may, from the Produce of such Sales respectively, transfer to Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, so much Stock as shall be necessary to redeem their respective Proportions of Land Tax on the Crown Lands.

The Intercrt, mean Time, and

On such Transfer the Crown Lands to be exonerated from the Land Tax, and the Amount thereof payable by Tenants of

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to order any Expences that may be necessarily incurred for making Surveys of any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, hereby authorized to be sold or other wise, in relation to the Sale thereof, to be defrayed out of the Purchase Monies arising from such Sales.; ,

Jp' 71-- * WI. fWfClA/ fUUI a) "if f>| 1 tie.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every Contrail made under the Authority of this. Ail, for the Sale of any Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be in the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (F); and every Certificate for the Sale of any Part of the Revenues of the Crown within the Survey or Receipt of the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, shall be in the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (E); and every Certificate of Contrail for the Sale of any Part of the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall, shall be in the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (G); and the Receipt or Acknowledgment for the Consideration of every such Sale shall be in the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked

(H). T

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, to sell and dispose of, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, from Time to Time, and thereupon to grant and act’ure, in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under the Seal of the said Duchy, such and so much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Grounds, Fens, Marshes, or Waste Lands, belonging to the Crown, as are within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy and the Officers of the same, at or for the befl Prices or Confutations in Money which the said Chancellor and Council shall be able to procure for the same, as will raise a Sum of Money sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy and the Officers of the same, and the rurchafe Money to be paid for the same shall from Time to Time be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Revenues of the said Duchy, and Acquittances and Receipts given by him for the same, and the same shall be laid out and inverted in like Manner, in all Respects, as is directed by an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to Jell and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements, within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy, or any other Act or Acts now in force for the Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments, within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy or its Officers.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, in respect of the Crown Lands within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer* and for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster in respect of the Crown Lands in the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, for the Time being, by Order of his Majesty in Council, from Time to Time to cause to be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, so much of the Capital Stock verted in their respective Names, arising from any Sales made by them respectively in pursuance of the said respective A6ls of the nineteenth and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and of this Act, or any other Act or Acts nowin force for the Sale of any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and other Revenues of the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, or the Duchy of Lancaster, as may be necessary for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and other Revenues of the Crown respectively; and that in the mean Time, and until the same shall be so transferred, the Interest or Yearly Dividends thereof, and also the Interest or Yearly Dividends of any Part of such Capital Stock which shall not be applied or disposed of for the Redemption or Purchase of such Land Tax, shall be from Time to Time received, accounted for, applied, and appropriated in like Manner, in all Respects, as is directed by the said Acts of the nineteenth and thirty-fourth Years of his Majesty's Reign, in respect of the Dividends of Stock purchased in pursuance of the said Acts, or either of them respectively.

that of tht Surplus, if any, to be applied according to the Directions of 19 Geo. 3. and 34 Geo. 3.

LV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Redemption by the Transfer of Stock, in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned, of any Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, or Rents, or any other Revenues belonging to the Crown, and upon the Registry thereof in the Manner herein directed, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, or Rents, or any other Revenue belonging to the Crown, upon which such Land Tax shall have been charged, shall thenceforth be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax

charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof, and the Amount of such Land Tax shall thence-

\ 7 forth

C. 60.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

trine the Continuance of any Le^fc or Demise now in being, be considered as Relit due to his Ma- Crown, to’ is Heirs and Successors, and be recovered and recoverable as such by his Majesty, his Heirs and ^fovrTable

as Relit*

forrh durin

jetty, h - I i B| PBmHHH

Successors, against any Leflce or Lessees, and by such Lessee or Lessees against his, her, or their Under Lessees or Tenants respectively, and shall be colle# and received by such Person or Persons, and subject to such Orders and Regulations as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in respect of the Crown Lands within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster in respect of the Crown Lands in the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, shall from Time to Time appoint and ettab;i(h for the better colle#ing and answering the same to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Royal Highness George Prince of //'Wry and Duke of Cornwall, by Wa-rant under his said Royal Highness’s Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint such and so many Persons as his said Royal Highness may think proper, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Proportions of the Land Tax charged upon any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall; and such Commissioners are hereby required, as soon as they conveniently can, to ccriify and report, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, unto the Council or Commissioners of the Revenues of his said Royal Highness, the Proportions of such Land Tax, and the Dirtri# within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Revenues upon which the same is charged and payable, and to transmit a Copy of such Certificate to the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall. 1

‘ General of the Duchy.

LVIL. And be it further cna#, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Surveyor Gene-Cornwall, now or for the Time being, to contract or agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale, from Time to Time, of such or so much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Rents, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, or Waste Lands, belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, for the best Prices or Considerations in Money, which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the same, as will raisea Sum of Moftey sufficient for the Redemption of the said Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands* Tenements, or any other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and the Purchase Money to be paid for the same shall, from Time to Time, be paid by the respective Purchasers into the Bank of England, to be there received by the Cashiers of the Bank, and accounted for and inverted in the Manner herein after directed. 1; r*

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contract shall be made, unless by Special Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by the Council or Commissioners of the Revenues of his said Royal Highness, or any three or more of them, for the Time being.

Prltice of Wale* may appoint Persons to ascertain hi* Proportions of Land Tax in the Duchy of Cornwall;-to be; reported to his Council, &c. and a Copy sent to the Surveyor

ral of the Duchy may contract for Sale of Lands to redeem the Land Tats’; the Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

! 1 I

ic\jf bt'l |V

if

Such Contrast* shall be made ontyty Warrant *’ - from the -

prince’s Council, Zsc.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Dire#ors of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to open an Account in their Books, under the Titleof u T he Account of the Duchy of Cornwall," and carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies directed as aforesaid tetbe paid to the Cashiers of the Bank, for or on Account of the Purchase of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues of the said Duchy of Cornwall\ and whenfo^ver the Surveyor General of the said Duchy of Cornwall{\x&\\ have contract with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues of the said Duchy of Cornwall, the said Surveyor General shall grant unto the Purchaser or Purchasers a Certificate under his Hand, speesfying the Premises so contract for, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same; and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Produ#ion of such Certificate, accept and receive from such Purchaser or Purchasers the Purchase Monies therein specified,*nd at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies without Fee or Reward; and the said Certificate and Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the Auditor of the Duchy of- Co? mually and be there forthwith enrolled in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, separate and apart from the other Business and Proceedings of the said Office; and the said Auditor, or his lawful Deputy, having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall jtfteft the same under his Hand, and return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and immediately after such Enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, or Waste Lands, belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and the Heirs, Successors, or Aligns of such Purchasers, shall, by force of this Act, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the a#ual Seifinand Possession of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as his said Royal Highness, his Heirs or Successors, Dukes of Corn-walU might or could have held or enjoyed the same.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, with whom the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown or of the Duchy of Cornwall shall contract for the Sale of any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues, by this Act authorized

The Bank shall open an Account with rtie Duchy.

The Surveyor,

on-coritWrtRing ’

for tHeiHle cf

LAnds, /Hall

give the thjr-chafer a Certificate-; dn the

Production of

which, and *> Payment of the

Money, the Bank shall give him a P.eceipts The Certificate and Receipt shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Duchy, and the Enrolment attestcxl thereon.

See.

Contracts, If 1

not certified and

enrolled, and the Money paid within 40 Day*,

804

G. 60.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

to be void, un-Icfs the Surveyors General shall respectively order the Certificate to be enrolled nunc pro tunc.

Money paid Into the Bank under this Act on Account of the Duchy, frail be and remain inverted in 3 per Cents, in the Name of the Duke of

Cornwall, and the Dividends frail be paid into the Hands of the Receiver of the Duchy as Pkrt of the Revenues

to be sold as aforesaid, shall neglect to procure and sue forth the Certificate of the respective Surveyor General of his, her, or their Contract, or shall neglect to pay into the Bank of England the Consideration Money therein to be specified, or shall neglect to enrol such Certificate, and the Cashier’s Receipt for the said Money, according to the Directions of this Act, for the Space of forty Days, to be computed from the Day on which such Contract shall have been made, the said Contract shall be null and void, and the Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the respective Surveyor General shall, for any reasonable Cause to him shewn for the Omission of such Enrolment, order the said Certificate to be enrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such Cause being shewn, he is hereby authorized to order accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, which shall be paid into the Bank of England, under or by virtue of this Act, on Account of the Duchy of Cornwall, shall, from Time to Time, be laid out, by Order of the Council or Commissioners of the Revenues of his said Royal Highness for the Time being, in the Purchase of Three Pounds/)^r Centum Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall, in which Name the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the Annuities, Funds, or Stocks so to be purchased, and such Transfers to be accepted by the Receiver General of the Duchy of Cornwall, or his Deputy, for and in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall, and the said Receiver General, or his Deputy, is hereby requirodjto accept the same accordingly; and that all and singular the Annuities so to be purchased and accepted shall remain inverted in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall, and shall not be transferred or transferrable to any Person or Persons whatsoever, except in the Manner herein after described and that all the Dividends shall, from Time to Time, be paid by the said Governor and Company into the Hands of the said Receiver General of the Duchy of Cornwall for the Time being, or his Deputy, and shall, by force and virtue of this Act, be deemed and taken by Law tt> be Part of the Revenues of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and shall be from Timeto Time answered, accounted for,#applied, and appropriated, to such and the same Uses and Purposes as the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall now are or would hereafter have been liable to, and been applied and appropriated in case this Act had not been made.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Council or Commissioners of the Revenues of his said Royal Highness for the Time being, or any three or more of them, by Warrant or Power of Attorney under their Hands and Seal of Office, from Time to Time to transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt so much of the Capital Stock verted in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall, arising from any Sales made in pursuance of this Act, as may be necessary for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall. '14,i2t

§ 61.

The Prince’*

Council, &c., may transfer to the Commissioners for reducing the National Pebt so much of the said Stock be ne-

ceflary for the Redemption of his Land Tax;

The Lands of the Duchy to be thereupon exonerated from the Land Tax, which frail be considered as Relit where payable by the Tenants.

Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty may layout Money in redeeming Land Tax on Livings.

Governors of Hospitals may apply Legacies In Redemption of Land Tax*

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Redemption, by the Transfer of Stock in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned, of any Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and upon the Regirtry thereof in the Manner herein directed, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or any other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, upon which such Land Tax shall have been charged, shall thenceforth, during the Continuance of any Demise, be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof, and the Amount of such Land Tax shall thenceforth, during the Continuance of any Demise, be considered as Relit, and be recovered and recoverable as such by his said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, his Heirs and Successors, against any Lesseeor Lessees, or Tenant or Tenants, and by such Leffiee or Lessees, or Tenant or Tenants, against his, her, or their Under LefiTees or Under Tenants respectively.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, to lay out from Time to Time any. Sum or Sums of Money which now are or hereafter shall be applicable by them towards the Augmentation of any Living or Livings, tinder and by virtue of any Act or Acts, Law or Laws, now in force, or of the Charter granted in the Reign of Queen Anne for that Purpose, in the Purchase of so much of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities before-mentioned, as may be necessary for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged, or hereafter to be charged, in pursuance of the said Act of the present Session, upon the Lands, Tythes, or other Profits arising from any Living or Livings being within the Meaning of the said Charter, or any Act or Acts now in force, dire#ing the Application of such Bounty, and which Land Tax shall have been contract for within the Time before limited by the Incumbent or Incumbents of such Living or Livings, with the Consent of the said Governors, and from Time to Time to transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt such Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, according to such Contracts; and such Transfer of Stock shall, from the Quarter Day preceding the making thereof, wholly exonerate and discharge the Lands, Tythes, or other Profits of such Living or Livings* from the Payment of the Land Tax so redeemed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors and Dire#ors of Hospitals and other charitable Institutions, to apply any Legacies or voluntary Donations bequeathed or given to or for the Benefit of such Hospitals and charitable Institutions1 and which shall not have been directed by the Person

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 805

or Persons bequeathing or giving the same to be applied in any particular Manner, for or towards the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging to such Hospitals or charitable Institutions.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Land Tax charged on the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of any Person, shall not exceed the annual Sum of twenty-five Shillings, it shall be lawful for any Number of such Persons whose Land Tax respectively shall not exceed such Sum, being respectively entitled to the Benefit of Preference as aforesaid, and who shall respectively advance the Money required for the Purchase of such Land Tax out of his, her, or their own Estate, by any Deed or Instrument in Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, (a Memorial of which Deed shall be registered gratis with the proper Officer to be appointed as herein is directed,) to substitute and appoint any other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees, for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged upon their respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and such Trustee or Trustees shall have full Power and Authority to demand the proper Certificates from the Commissioners for executing the said Act of the present Session, of the Amount of Land Tax charged upon the several Parties to such Deed or Instrument, and also, upon obtaining such Certificates, to contraCf and agree, in his or their own Name or Names, with the Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the Redemption of such Land Tax, upon the sameTermsand Conditions, and in the same Manner, and todo all such other ACU necessary for completing such Contract, as the Persons so substitutingbim or them could severally and respectively have done by virtue of this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered by one Contract, to contract and agree with such Trustee or Trustees, in his, her, or their own Names, for the Sale of the Whole of such Land Tax accordingly, and as if the Whole of such Land Tax was charged on the Property of such Trustee or Trustees, without mentioning the Proportions thereof: Provided always, That such Trustee or Trustees shall produce and shew to the said Commissioners the Deed or Instrument constituting such T.rust, and also an Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, of each of the Parties to such Trust Deed or Instrument, to be made in the Form and Manner herein directed, with respect to Affidavits, Demolitions, and Affirmations authorized by this Act, declaring that the Deponent in such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation is entitled by virtue of this Act to the Benefit of Preference granted by this Act, by reason of his or her Estate in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon his or her Proportion of the Land Tax, intended to be purchased by such Trustee, is charged; and that he or she has advanced, or has agreed to advance, the whole Sum required for the Purchase of such Proportion of Land Tax to such Trustee or Trustees out of his or her Estate: Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize any Sale or Mortgage of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Grant of any Relit Charge to be made by any Person or Persons joining in such Trust Deed or Instrument as aforesaid, for the Purpose of raising the Money required for the Purchase of such Land Tax, or any Part thereof: Provided also, That no Deed or Instrument, appointing any such Trustee or Trustees, and registered as aforesaid, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

- Deeds not liable

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustee or Trustees shall, and he or they is or are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Time after the Purchase of the Land Tax to be contracted for by him or them shall have been completed, (upon the Application of the respective Persons by whom he or they shall have been substituted,) to assign to such Persons respectively their respective Proportions of the Land 'Fax so purchased, and such Assignment shall be in the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (I); and Memorials of all such Alignments shall be registered, and Certificates thereof granted, and Duplicates of such Certificates delivered to the Receiver General in England, or Collector in Scotland, in such Manner in all Respects as is herein directed*, in case of Assignments of Land Tax for valuable Consideration; and after such Assignment, the Assignee of the Land Tax thereby aflsigned, shall have, hold, and enjoy the same, upon the same Terms, and with the same Benefits and Advantages, and liable to the same Conditions as if the same had been originally redeemed by him or her; and no Assignment to be made by any such Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, as Circumstances will permit, the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of this Act, or any two or more of them, in every of the said Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, _oroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, where the Whole of the Land Tax hereby made saleable shall not have been contracted for according to the Preference hereby given, shall put up to Sale, either by public Auction or otherwise, as the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall direct, the Whole, or any Part or Parcel of the Land Taxfo remaining unfold within their respective Districts, and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, or any two or more of them, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, fjr the Sale of the Land Tax so remaining unfold, in such Parcels as the said Commissioners, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, shall think fit, such Sales to be completed by the Purchaser or Purchasers, by such Rules, Methods, and Directions as are prescribed with respect to Con-uads to be entered into by any Person or Persons entitled to such Preference as aforesaid, as far as such

1 o Rules,

Any Number of Persons whoTe Land Tax shall not exceed 25s. each, may join in appointing Trustee (by Deed duly registered) to redeem their respective Land Taxes, and such Trustee may purchase the Whole of such respective Land Taxes in one Contrail, producing to the Commissioners the De^d of Trust, and the necessary Affidavits as to Right of Preference, and Payment of the Money, &c.

6

Not to authorise Sale or Mortgage, Sec* of Lands by Persons so joining.

Such Trust to Stamp Duty.

Such Trustees to assign their Portion of Land Tax to each Party (Schedule I); and the Assignee shall thereby cccomo entitled to the Land Tax.

§ 78.

Assignment not liable to be stamped.

After March sc, 1799, Commissioners may put up to Sale such Land Tax as shall remain unfold in their respective Districts.

8o6

C. 60.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Rules Methods, or Directions are applicable to such Sales respectively: Provided always, That in every such Corn rad, a Clause or Proviso shall be inserted for the Redemption of such Land Tax by the Person or Persons in Possession of or beneficially entitled to the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whereon such Land Tax shall be charged, or by any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or having any future Interest as aforesaid, at such Time and in such Manner as is herein directed*: Provided also, That in all such Cases all the said Manors, Messuages, Lands,'Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereon the Land Tax so purchased as last aforesaid shall be charged, situate in the same Parish, Constablewick, or Place, shall, until such Redemption shall take place, be subject to a new Assessment of the said Land Tax, from Year to Year, by an equal Rate, according to the annual Value of such Manors, Mefiliages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in common with each other, without any Power in the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof to exonerate the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, from the same, or to fix the Rate of Land Tax to be charged thereon, or, if the Premisesbe in Scotland, by an Assessment according to the Rules, and in the Manner established by Law or Custom in regard to the Cess or Land Tax in that Country, as herein after mentioned.

A Clause to be inserted in the Conrraa of Sale, for the Redemption of the Land Tax, by Persons bene ficially intc-rested.

See §18, 93.

Till such Redemption, their Lands to be subject to a new Assessmeny of the Land Tax, by an equal

without any Power in the Purchaser to exonerate them from, or to fix the Rate of Land Tax. If, before March

*5> >799» *>cr-

fons entitled shall give Notice to Commissioners that they do not mean to claim their respective Benefit of Preference,

Commissioners may fell to Persons next entitled, and finally toPci Tons not entitled to such Preference.

The Consideration of 1 hit-chafes by Persons not entitled to Preference, _ to be so much per Cent.

Stock as will yield a Dividend exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax by 1-5th, to be transferred by four Instalments within one Year; or the Whole may be

transferred at

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, entitled to the Benefit of Preference aforesaid, shall give Notice to the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of this Act, that he, she, or they does not or do not intend to claim the Benefit of such Preference, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners immediately to treat and contract with the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, next entitled to such Benefit of Preference, and so from Time to Time as long as any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, shall be entitled to such Benefit, and shall not have given Notice of his, her, or their Intention not to claim the Benefit thereof; and if all the Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, so entitled, shall, before the said twenty-fifih Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, give Notice to the said Commissioners that they respectively do not intend to claim such Benefit, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to treat and contra£! with any Person or Persons not entitled to such Preference, in the same Manner as the said Commissioners might other wise do after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the Consideration to be inserted in any such last mentioned Con-trad!, shall be the Transfer of so much Stock at the leaf! in either of the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England as aforesaid, unto the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt, as will yield an Annuity or Dividend exceeding the Amount of the Land Taxfotobe purchased as aforesaid, by one fifth Part thereof, such Transfer to be made within the Period of one Year from the Time of entering into such last mentioned Contract, by four Instalments of not less than one fourth Part of the whole Amount of the Stock to be so transferred as aforesaid, at Intervals of three Months from each other, and on the respective Days before-mentioned f; the Transfer of such Stock for the first Instalment to be made on such of the said Days as shall happen next after the Time of entering into such last mentioned Contract: Provided always, That it shall be lawful for all such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, purchasing any such Land 'Fax as aforesaid, to contract and agree with the said Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, to transfer the Whole of the Stock agreed to be transferred, as the Consideration for such Redemption or Purchase at the Time hereinbefore prescribed for the Transfer of the first Instalment thereof, or to transfer such Stock in any greater Proportions, and in any less Number of Instalments, than are hereinbefore prescribed, so as that such Inflalaicnts shall not be made at a greaterTnterval than throe Months from each other.

-f §10.

the Time being shall cause to be prepared a Schedule or Description in Writing of the Amount portions of Land fax remaining unfold, in all and every the Counties, Ridings, and Places, in

once, or by

larger Instalments, at not more than three Months* Interval.

After March 25,

LXXI. And be it further ena£!, That as soon after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine as conveniently may be, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for

_ _ # that Part

of Great Britain called England, and th? Receiver General for Scotland (half prepare a like Schedule or Description for the Land Tax remaining unfold in Scotland, and transmit a Duplicate thereof to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, which said Duplicate shall be deposited in some convenient Office for the Inspection. of any Person or Persons during Office Hours, on Payment of, to the Clerk having the Custody thereof, the Sum of one Shilling and no more for each Search; and the said Commissioners for Taxes shall, with the Dire£!ion of the Commissioners of the Treasury, cause the said Schedules, or any Parts or Proportions thereof, to be from Time to Time published in the Newspapers usually circulated in the respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, and Places, where such Proportions of Land Tax shall be charged, and shall, in such Advertisements, give Notice of the Times and Places to be appointed for Sale thereof, or any Parcel or Proportion thereof, in order that all Persons desirous of purchasing such Lmd Tax may receive the necessary Information-

1799, Returns to be made to Commissioners of the Taxes of the I and Tax remaining unfold; such Returns to be pub-lifticd by the said Commissioners, under the Direction of the Treasury, with Notice of the intended Time and Place of Sale of such Land Tax.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60.

in the

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, desirous of purchasing the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments aforesaid, shall make out and produce to the Commissioners of the Land Tax acting in and for the Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, Ward, or other Division in England, (or if i Scotland, to any two Commissioners of Supply of the County or Stewartry, or the Chief Magi (Irate of th City or Burgh,) within which such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are situate, a Schedule or Description in Writing, containing the Amount of the Land Tax he, she, or they is or are desirous of purchasing, and the County, Riding, or Stewartry, and the Parish, Constablewick, or Place, in which the said Land Tax is charged; and the said respective Commissioners or Chief Magistrate respectively are hereby required to settle and adjust the Amount of the Land Tax to be purchased, and to ascertain the particular Parish, Constablewick, or Place, in which such Land Tax is charged, and where the Case shall require the same, the particular Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whereon the same is charged, and to grant a Certificate thereof in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A), distinguishing the Amount of each separate Assessment of Land Tax; and on the Production of the said last mentioned Certificate, the Commissioners especially appointed for the Purposes of this Act, within the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, within which such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are situate, may contract and agree for the Sale of such Land Tax, according to the Directions of this Act, and subject to the Power of Redemption herein contained; and upon the Production at the Bank of England of such last mentioned Contract and Certificate, and upon the Transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of so much Stock in either of the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities before-mentioned, as shall be stated in such Contract to be the Consideration for the Purchase of the Land Tax therein mentioned, or of such Proportion of such Stock as shall have been agreed upon and settled in such Contract to be transferred, as the first Instalment, being not less than one fourth Part of the whole Amount of the Stock so to be transferred as the Consideration of such Purchase, the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, transferring such Stock as last aforesaid, shall be entitled to have a Certificate from the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England of such Transfer being made, which Certificate the said Cashier or Cashiers is or are hereby required to give, and the same may either be endorsed on such Contract, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule marked (C), to this Act annexed, or be distinct therefrom, as the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall judge expedient, or in such other Form as the said Governor and Company shall devise; and upon the Registry of such Certificate with the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, all and every such Persons or Person, Bodies, Corporations, and Companies, shall be entitled to demand, have, and receive, for his, her, or their own Use, in the Manner herein directed, the full Amount of the Land Tax so purchased by him, her, or them as aforesaid, free of all Charges and Deductions whatever, at the respedbve Times, and in the respective Proportions herein directed: Provided always, That the Land Tax so purchased shall be redeemable by the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, respectively entitled to the Benefit of Preference in respect of their Tenure in the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or claiming the same by, through, or under the Persons so entitled, at the Period herein after mentioned for the Redemption of the same.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Land Tax shall be sold by Auction, by virtue of this Act, by the Commissioners specially to be appointed as aforesaid, a Contract or Contracts shall be

forthwith entered into with the said Commissioners by or on the Behalf of the highest Bidder or Bidders at

ion, speccifying the Amount of the Land Tax purchased, and the Consideration agreed to be paid for the same, and also the County, Riding, or Stewartry, and the Parish or Place where such Land Tax

such Auction

shall be charged, according to the Directions of this Act; which last mentioned Contract or Contracts, being produced at the Bank of England, shall be as effectual to entitle the Purchaser or Purchasers to proceed to the Completion oL such Sale, as in Cases of Contracts entered into in the Manner before directed.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Whole of the Land Tax charged on any Parish or Place shall (notwithstanding the Discharge of any Part thereof) continue to be inserted in the Certificates of Assessment to be signed by the Commissioners of Land Tax, so long as any Part of the Proportion of Land Tax charged and chargeable in such Parish or Place shall remain payable in such Parish or Place either to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to any Purchaser or Purchasers thereof in pursuance of this Act; and that all such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, that shall not be exonerated, by virtue of this Act, from the Land Tax, shall continue subject to a new Assessment, yearly and from Year to Year, by an equal Rate, according to the Annual Value of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not exceeding in any Year the Rate of four Shillings in the Pound on such Annual Value; and that such Part of the said Land Tax, which shall remain payable as aforesaid in any Parish or Place, shall be raised, levied, collected, and received, in such and the like Form and Manner, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as if the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, charged with the Land Tax so remaining payable as aforesaid, formed an entire Parish or Place, and as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, by the Act of the present Session of Parliament, with respect to the Quota of: each

807

Persons desirous of purchasing, shall produce to the respective Land Tax Commissioners, Schedules of th# Land Tax which they propose to purenafe, which the said Commissioners are to adjust, and grant a Certificate (Schedule (A); on the Production of which the Commissioners under this Act may contract for the Sale; on the Production of which Contract and Certificate at the Bank, and transferring the 3 per Cents, agreed for, or the first Instalment, the Cafhitrs shall give a Receipt; on the Registry or Entry of which, with the Commissioners of Taxes, the Purchaser shall be entitled to receive the Land Tax in Manner herein after directed, subject to Redemption by the Persons entitled to Preference.

§ 93- ‘

Contracts may be also made by Commissioners with the highest Bidder at a public Auction.

The whole Land Tax charged on any Place shall continue to be certified by the Land Tax Commissioners., so long as any Part remains payable to the King, or any Purchaser; and such Lands as shall not be exonerated shall continue subject to YearlyAssess-nunts, not exceeding 4.S. in the Pound; such

808 C. 60. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

remaining Land Tax to be raised as if the Lands chargeable formed an entire Parish, &c. the Collectors to return the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed in each Panfli. Contracts for Redemption of the Land Tax to be registered within four Months, and before Payment of the second Instalmenf, at the

Office ot Commissioners for Taxes j three Duplicates to be made and re- turned, one to the Receiver General of the

each Parish and Place: Provided always, That upon the Delivery of the Certificates and Precepts to the several Collectors, for the railing, levying, collecting, and recovering, such Part of the said Land Tax as shall so remain payable in such Parish or Place, the said Collectors shall be directed to return, in their Schedule to the Receiver General for the County, Riding, or Place, the Amount of the Land Tax which shall have been redeemed in such Parish or Place, and from the Payment of which such Parish or Place shall have been exonerated: Provided also, That if any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are situated in Scotland, the same shall continue subject to a new Assessment yearly, and from Year to Year, according to the Rates and in the Manner established by Law or Custom in that Country*

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Contract entered into in pursuance of this Act for the Redemption or Sale of any Land Tax charged as aforesaid, shall, within four Calendar Months after the making of such Contract, and before the Time appointed for transferring the Quantity of Stock to be transferred upon such Contract for the second Instalment thereof, be registered with the proper Officer at the Office to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, which Registers shall be made in Books to be provided and kept by such Officer; and the said Officer is hereby required to make out three Duplicates on Parchment, fairly written, under his Hand and Seal, of the several Amounts of the said Land Tax so redeemed and exonerated, or so redeemed or purchased as aforesaid, and not exonerated but remaining chargeable, distinguittiing the several Parishes and Places where the same shall have been assessed, and to deliver or cause to be delivered one of such Duplicates to the Receiver General for the County, Riding, or Place where such Land Tax shall have been charged, and one other of such Duplicates to the Commissioners of Land, Ta* a#ing for the Division where the Parish or Place in which such Land Tax shall have been charged is situated, and a like Duplicate into the Office of the King’s Remembrancer of the Exchequer, whenever the same shall be required.

County, one to Commissioners of Land Tax in their Division, and one int^the Exchequer.

Copies of Remitters shall be Evidence of Contracts.

Receiver General, &c. on Production of the Contract, shall pay the Purchaser or hlsAffign*, the full Amount of the Land Tax purchased, on September ao and March 16 tn every Year.

Proprietors may assign the Land Tax purchased by them (Schedule (D), and a ,-Memorialof such Assignment shall Pe entered with the prrper Officer to be appointed > with whom Persons, becoming entitled to Land Tax by Marriage, shall register Affidavits thereof, and Executors, tec. shall enter

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Copy of any Register of any Contract made in pursuance of this Act, or Assignment thereof, registered according to the Dire#ions of this Act, with the proper Officer to be appointed for that Purpose, which shall be signed by him, shall be allowed in all Court? and Places, and before all Persons, to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Contract or Assignment thereof respectively.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver General of or for any County, Riding, or Place in England, and the Collector of or for any County, Stewartry, Burgh, Town, or Place in Scotland, where any such Land 'Fax shall remain chargeable as aforesaid, after the same shall have been redeemed or purchased as aforesaid, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, before such Land Tax shall become due and payable, that is to say, on the twentieth Day of September, for the Half Year ending on the twenty-ninth Day of September, and on the sixteenth Day of March, for the Half Year ending on the twenty- fifth Day of March in every Year, upon Demand, and upon Produ#ion of the Contract, whenever the Receiver General or his Deputy in England, or Collector in Scotland, shall require the same, payor cause to be paid to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, the full Amount of the Land Tax so purchased as aforesaid, free of all Charges and Dedu#ions whatever, without Pee or Reward, out of any Money in the Hands of any such Receiver or Collector arising from the Produce of the Land Tax, if he shall have so much in his Hands, and if such Receiver or Col!e#or shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands arising out of the Land Tax as aforesaid, then out of any other Monies in the Hands of such Receiver or Collector arising from any other Rates and Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and receivable and received by him as such Receiver or ColIe#or as aforesaid: Provided, That such Monies of any other Rates and Duties shall be replaced by such Receiver or Collector out of the firtt Monies that shall be received by him of the Land Tax arising the reafter in such County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place. j P. *Tr

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Proprietors for the Time being of any Land Tax which shall have been purchased in pursuance of this Act, to fell, dispose of, and transfer the same in the Manner, and subject to the Rules and Conditions herein after mentioned, and that the Assignment thereof shall be in Writing, in the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (DJ; and on every such Assignment, and also in every Case where any Assignment shall be made of any Land Tax in pursuance of any Claim or Demand by virtue of this Act, the Assignment of such Land Tax shall be produced to the proper Officer to be appointed for that Purpose, who shall enter a Memorial of such Assignment in a Book or Books^to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and shall certify the Entry of such Memorial by an Indorsement on such Assignment; and where any Person or Persons shall, in right or by virtue of his or their Marriage, become entitled to any Land 'Fax which shall have been redeemed or purchased in pursuance of this Act, an Affidavit, containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage, shall be made and sworn to or affirmed by fume credible Person, before a Judge of one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or before a Matter in Chancery in England, or one of the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, or a Magistrate or Baillie of some Corporate Town, or one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be transmitted to such Officer as aforesaid, who shall make

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60.

an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept For entering Memorials of Alignments of such Land l ax, and such Officer shall, upon the Application of the Person or Persons entitled to such Land Tax, grant to him, her, or them, a Certificate of such Entry; and where any Person or Persons shall, as Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, of any Person deceased, become entitled to any such Land Tax, the Probate of the Will or testamentary Instrument or Letters of Administration, under which such Person or Persons shall be so entitled, shall be produced and shewn to such Officer, who shall enter the same, and grant a Certificate thereof in Manner aforesaid; and such Officer is hereby required to make out a Duplicate of every such Certificate, fairly written under his Hand, and to deliver or cause to be delivered such Duplicate to the Receiver General in England, or Collector in Scotland, for the County, Riding, Stewartry, or Place, wherein such Land Tax shall be charged; and after the Delivery of such Duplicate to such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, or to such Collector, the Person or Persons to whom any such Land Tax shall have been transferred or transmitted as aforesaid, shall, upon the Produ#ion of such Certificate to such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, or such Collector, be entitled to demand, have, and receive, for his, her, or their own Use, the full Amount of the Land Tax which shall be specified and mentioned in such Certificate, free of all Charges and Deductions whatever, and in the same Manner, in all Respe#s, as if he, she, or they, had been the original Purchaser or Purchasers of such Land Tax, and the Receipt or Receipts of such Person or Persons shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, and Collector, for the same: Provided always, That wherever, by reason of any Assignee not having declared such Option as hereinbefore is mentioned in the Alignment of any Land Tax, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, charged therewith, shall be exonerated therefrom, such Officer is hereby required to transmit the like DuplicalCs as hereinbefore directed in Cases where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon in pursuance of the original Contract.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have entered into any Contract with the said Commissioners, specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, shall die before the Transfer of all the Instalments of Stock contracted to be made by him or her, without having made any Provision, by Will or otherwise, how the future Instalments shall be made good, then and in such Case the future Instalments shall be paid out of the Aftets of the Person so dying, as a Debt to his Majesty upon Record, and the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, Curator or Curators of any Infant, Minor, or other Person entitled to the Estate and Effects of the Persons so dying, shall be indemnified against such Infant or Minor, and all other Persons whomsoever, for making good the Instalments necessary to complete the said Contract, and if such Executor or Administrator, Trustee, Curator, or Guardian, uiall not have Assets for that Purpose, then they shall and may, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to fell, assign, and dispose of the said Contract in the Manner and Form herein after directed; and the Person or Persons to whom such Contract shall be assigned, shall be bound to complete the same upon the same Terms and Conditions, by the same Instalments, and at the same Periods, and in the same Manner, and have and be entitled to the same Benefits and Advantages, as the Person so dying would have been bound to complete the same, and would have been entitled to, in case he or she had been then living.

LXXX. Provided always, That the said respective Courts ot Exchequer may, in all such cases, give the like Relief by enlarging the Time for making good any future Instalment or Instalments, as they are hereby authorized to do in Cases of Forfeiture through the Default of the Party.

" } f for Payment of Instalments.—

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, shall have redeemed any Land Tax out of the Monies arifine from the Sale 'or Mortgage of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or from the Grant of any Relit Charge thereout, under and by virtue of this Act, and shall have declared his, her, or their Option to be confuJered on the Footing of a Purchaser thereof as aforesaid, in every such Case the Land Tax so redeemed shall continue and be attendant upon the Estate and Interest of the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, who shall for the Time being be beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and shall be payable by the Receiver General in England, or Collector in Scotland, his Deputy or Deputies, for the Benefit of such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons who shall for the Time being be in the a#ual Perception of the Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver General or Collector, or his Deputy or Deputies, for such Land Tax.

LXXXII. And be it further cna#. That if the Receiver General in England, or Collector in Scotland, of any County, Riding, Stewartry, or Place, where any such Land Tax shall be purchased, as a specific Charge upon any particular Estate, shall neglect or refuse to pay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Land Tax, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, the full Amount of the Land Tax so purchased as aforesaid, the same being lawfully demanded of such Receiver Cieneral or Collector, or his Deputy, in the Manner before dire#,*at or after the Time before limited

38 Geo. III. 5 M for

809

Probates, &c. Duplicates of such Entries to be transoiitted to Receiver General, who shall pay such Affitness, &C,

Where Assigne* does not declare his Option, Lands to be cx« oncraled.

Where Purchasers die before completing Contract*, the Payments due shall be considered and preferred as a Debt to the King on Record j and on Defe&of A(lets. Executors, &c. may fell and assign the Contra ft, of which the Assignee shall have all the Benefit.

Courts of Exchequer may cn- I large the Time -(&e §96, 97.)

Where Person* redeeming the Land Tax by Sale of Part of their Lands, &e* shall declare their Option to be considered at Purchasers, the Land Tax so

redeemed shall be

attendant on tho Estate of such. Purchasers, and payable to them

by the Receiver General.

If the Receiver General, &c. refuse* to pay the Land Tax to any Purchaser, the Occupier of the Lands chr.rgtd shall pay it, un-

8io

C. 60. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

less previously paid (for Want of Notice) to the Collector, or un-lef» the Value of the Estate is reduced; in which latter Case the Cccupier shall rot be liable to pay n ore than 46. in the Pound on his Rack Relit; or in case of any Abatement of the Land 'l ax, such Sum only as shall then be charged (hereon; to be recovered of such Occupier as Kent. Inc^feofReduc-tien of the Value of the Estate, the Purchaser of the Land Tax may have his Option, either to receive a S\im adequate ta 1 he Deficiency of the old Tax, or so miu h 3 per Cent. Stock as will produce z-ioth or 1.5th more than such Deficiency, according to the original Contract.

Receiver General wilfully re-iufing to pay Land Tax to a Purchaser, to-Surfeit tool to the Party grieved.

Receiver General paying to the Person appearing by the Re-gifttr to be entitled, shall be indemnified.

Where Land Tax is purchased, and any Abatement t»!ces place, the Receiver General to make good the Deficiency to the Purchaser, unless he has rc ceived back an Equivalent in Stock.

Ste 8z. 80.

A.D. 1798.

for such Payment, it shall be lawful for such Purchaser or Purchasers, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Purchaser or Purchasers, to cause Notice of such Default to be given to the Occupier or Occupiers of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, on which the Land Tax so purchased shall be charged, and such Occupier or Occupiers shall be obliged to pay the same upon like Demand, unless such Occupier or Occupiers shall have previously paid the same, for Want of such Notice, to the Collector or Collectors of the Parish or Place wherein such Land Tax shall arise, or unless the Yearly Value of the Estate whereon such Land Tax shall have been charged, (estimating such Value by the Rack Rents, and the highest Improvements made of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,) shall be reduced, so that the Estate shall be charged with a higher Rate than four Shillings in the Pound on such Value, in which Case the Occupier or Occupiers shall not be liable to the Payment of any greater Sum than after the Rate of four Shillings in the Pound on such Value, or unless the Land Tax charged on such Manors. Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall by any Abatement thereof be reduced to a Sum less than the Sum charged on the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of the Purchase, in which Case such Occupier or Occupiers shall not be liable to the Payment of any greater Sum than the Sum charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time when such Demand shall be made; and in case of Neglect or Refusal by such Occupier or Occupiers to pay the Land Tax so payable as aforesaid, such Occupier or Occupiers not having before paid the same, all the Remedies which may be practised by any Lcssors or Landlords shall be applied and put in Execution for the Recovery of any Land Tax purchased in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually as if all such Remedies were severally and separately reenacted in the Body of this Act: Provided always, That in case of any Diminution of the Sum to be paid by such Occupier or Occupiers to the Purchaser or Purchasers of any Land Tax, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by reason of such Reduction in the Value of the Estate charged therewith, such Purchaser or Purchasers, nis, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have the Option of continuing to receive a Sum necessary to complete in each Year the whole Annual Amount of the Land Tax originally purchased, or of receiving back from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt so much Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities originally transferred, in pursuance of the Contract, as shall yield an Interest exceeding the Amount of the Sum by which the Land Tax originally purchased shall have been diminished by one tenth Part, or one fifth Part, or other Proportion thereof, according to the Terms of the original Contract; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required, on the Production of the Certificate of the Commissioners for executing the Act of the present Session and this Act, of such Abatement, or an attested Copy thereof, (which Certificate or Copy the said last mentioned Commissioners are hereby required to give, after making any Allowance of such Abatement,) to transfer such Capital Stock to such Person or Persons as aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Receiver General in England, or Collector in Scotland, of or for any County, Riding, Stewartry, or Place, where any such Land Tax shall be purchased as aforesaid, or his Deputy, shall (having sufficient Money in his Hands arisen out of the Land Tax, or out of any other Rates or Duties receivable by him as such Receiver General or Collector) wilfully negledfc or refuse to pay to the Purchaser or Purchasers, or the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Purchaser or Purchasers, within the Time hereinbefore limited, the full Amount of the Land Tax so purchased as aforesaid, free of all Charges and Deductions whatever, and without Fee or Reward, fych Receiver General or Collector shall forfeit and pay to the Party grieved the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered as herein after is directed. HMII

LX'XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Receiver General or his Deputy in England, and every Collector in Scotland, and every Collector of any Parish or Place in England, paying -any such Land Tax to any Person or Persons, appearing by any Register kept by the proper Officer to be appointed for that Purpose, under the Direction of this Act, or by the Certificate of such Officer, to be the Person entitled to such Land Tax, shall be indemnified in making such Payment, notwithstanding any Defcdl of Title in the Person or Persons receiving the same.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Purchase shall be made of any Land Tax as a specific Charge on any particular Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or where any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, entitled to Preference, shall have made his, her, or their Option, to be considered on the Footing of a third Person purchasing the Land Tax> and any Abatement shall afterwards take place in the Sum charged at the Time of such Purchase, the Receiver General in England, or Collector in Scotland, of or for the County, Riding, Stewartry, or Place, within which such Land Tax is charged, is hereby authorized and required, upon the Production of the Certificate of the Commissioners for executing the Act of the present Session of Parliament and this Act, of such Abatement, or an attested Copy thereof, to pay the full Amount thereof, free of all Charges and Deductions whatever, and without Fee or Reward, to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, in like Manner, and out of such Monies, and at such Times of Payment as is herein directed for the Payment of the Whole of the Land Tax purchased, unless such Person or Persons shall have received back a Proportion of Capital Stock in lieu of such Abatement, according to die Provisions of this Act.

If LXXXVL And

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Purchase shall be made of any Land Tax as a specific Charge on*any particular Estate or Estates, by any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, other than the Persons entitled to Preference as aforesaid, then such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies may, at his, her, or their Election, instead of receiving the Amount of such Abatement from the Receiver General or Collector, demand of and from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, a Transfer of so much Capital Stock in the Three Pounds ter Centum Bank Annuities, as shall yield an Interest exceeding the Amount of such Abatement by one fifth Part, or one tenth Part, or other Proportion thereof, according to the Terms of the original Contrail, and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required, on the Production of the Certificate of such Abatement hereinbefore mentioned, or an attested Copy thereof, to transfer such Capital Stock to such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies as aforesaid.

LXXXVIL. And be it further enacted, That if the Receiver General in England of any County, Riding, or Place, where any Land Tax shall remain chargeable, after the same hath been purchased in pursuance of this Act, shall negleil or refuse to pay to the respective Purchasers of such Land Tax, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Purchasers respectively, the full Amount of the Land Tax so purchased as aforesaid, the same being lawfully demanded of such Receiver General, or his Deputy, at or after the Time before limited for such Payment in Manner before directed, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Proprietors respectively, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to cause Notice of such Default to be given to the Collector for the Time being of the said Land Tax, for the Parish or Place where such Land Tax shall have been charged, and also of his, her, or their Inten7 tien to receive the Land Tax in future from such Collector, and on such Notice every such Purchaser, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be entitled to receive the Amount of such Land Tax from such Collector accordingly.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Abatement shall take place in England in the Land Tax purchased as a specific Charge on any particular Estate or Estates, or by any Persons entitled to Preference, who shall have made their Option to be considered on the Footing of third persons purchasing the Land Tax, if the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, shall negleil or refuse to pay to any of the Persons entitled to such Land Tax the full Amount of such Abatement, the same being lawfully demanded of such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, at or after the Time before limited for such Payment, then and in every such last mentioned Case it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to cause the like Notice to be given to the Collector for such Parish or Place as aforesaid, to entitle him, her, or them, to receive from such Collector the Amount of such Abatement.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Collector, for any Parish or Place in England\ on the Production of the Contrail for the Purchase of such Land Tax, with the Certificate of the Registry thereof, or an attested Copy of such Certificate, is hereby authorized and required, within ten Days after he shall have received the same, and after such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time as any Land Tax shall be payable to such Person or Persons, to pay or cause to be paid to such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the full A mount of the Land Tax so purchased as aforesaid, or in case of any Abatement therein, the Amount of such Abatement, free of all Charges and Deductions whatever, and without Fee or Reward, out of any Money in the Hands of such Collector arising from the Produce of the Land Tax, or out of the first Monies which shall come into his Hands, arising from the Produce of the Land Tax in such Parish or Place, unless such Collector shall, for Want of such Notice as aforesaid, have paid the Whole of the Land Tax charged in such Parish or Place to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, within which such Parish or Place is situate, at the Time of any such Demand being made; and the Receipt of the Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall from Time to Time be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Collector for the Amount of the Land 'Fax or Abatement thereof so paid, and shall be taken by the respective Receivers as Cash, and returned by them as such into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and in case of Neglect or Default by such Collector to pay such Land Tax, such Collector not having before paid the same, all the Remedies which may be had or prailifed by any Receiver General on Behalf of his Majesty, or by the Commissioners for executing the Ail of the present Session of Parliament, or this Act, shall be applied and put in Execution by the Person or Persons entitled to such Land Tax, against such Collector or Collectors, his, her, or their Estate or Effeils, as fully and effectually as if all such Remedies were severally and respectively re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any such Collector of any Parish or Place in England where such Land Tax shall be purchased, (having sufficient Money in his Hands, arising out of the Land Tax charged on such Parish or Place, receivable and received by him as such Collector,) shall at any Time or Times, after such Notice given as last mentioned, negleil or refuse to pay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Land Tax, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Purchaser or Purchasers, within the Time Hereinbefore limited, the full Amount of the Land Tax so purchased, or any such Abatement thereof as aforesaid, free of all Charges and Deduilions whatever, and without Fee or Reward, the same being first lawfully demanded as aforesaid, such Collector shall forfeit and pay to the Party aggrieved the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as herein after is directed,

: 5 M 2. XCI. And

8n

Where Purchase is made by Per* fans not entitled to Preference, the Purchaser may, at his Election, indead of receiving Amount of such Abatement from the ReceivcrGe-neral, demand an Equivalent in Stock.

On Refusal of the ReceiverGe-neral to pay the Land Tax to a Proprietor, the Collector, on Notice given, shall pay the same.

If the Receive* General shall rc-fuse to pay the

Amount of j Abatement, the Collector shall

pay the fault.

Collector to pay Propr.etor within 10 Days after Production of the Contract and Certificate of if* Registry; andfe from Time to Time, unless he shall have paid over his whole Receipt, without Notice, to the ReceiverGc-neral.

Proprietor’s Receipts shall be the Collector'«

Discharge, and taken as Calli of

him.

Proprietor shall be entitled to all the Remedies a* a Receiver General.

I i

Collector refuting to pay, after Notice, to forfeit 20 L to the Party grieved.

8l2

C. 60.

tricesimo

A.D. 1798.

On the Transfer of the second and all other Jnllaiments of Stock, the Purchaser of Land Tax shall pay, by Way of ln-ttreft, a Pro-port.on of the Land Tax redeemed.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That upon every Contract entered into as aforesaid, upon which the Transferof Stock shall be made by Instatoments, there shall be paid at the Time of making the second Instalment upon such Contract, and so of every subsequent Instalment upon such Contract, into the Hands of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharged to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, a Sum of Money by Way of Interest, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed or purchased, deducting therefrom a Sum bearing the same Proportion to such Land Tax, as the Amount of the Stock before then transferred bears to the whole Amount of the Stock agreed to be transferred on such Contract, having Regard to the Time when the first Dividend after the Transfer of such Stock will become payable; of which Sums so to be paid by Way of Interest, a separate Account shall be kept at the Bank of England, and the same shall from 'Lima to Time be paid separately into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be applicable to such Uses and Purposes as shall then have been or shall be voted by the Commons in Parliament.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That the Land Tax, or any Part or Parcel thereof, purchased under and by virtue of this Act, by any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, not entitled to Preference as aforesaid, shall not be subject to Redemption until the Period when the Dividends arising from the Purchases of Stock made by the Commissioners for the Reduction of such Part of the National Debt, which existed previous to the Commencement of the present War, shall, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Acts now in Force, cease to accumulate, and be considered as redeemed and in the Dif-position of Parliament.

Land Tax purchased by Persons not entitled to Preference, shall not be redeemed till the Dividends on the Stock pur-for re-;

ducing the National Debt existing previous to the Wir, shall cease to accumulate.

After that Period, for three Years, Persons possessed of or entitled toLands charged with Land Tax purchased under this Act, shall, in Order of Preference, be entitled to redeem: the same as they might have done, (under

i*,i3>)S»vins

Notice within % \ Days of such Redemption to

Receiver General, who mu ft give Notice to the Proprietors; all Payment&^p* whom shall cease from the ensuing Quarter.

Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, shall thereupon transfer to such Proprietor so much of 3 per Cent. Stock as was transferred for the original Purchase; or, at the Option of such Proprietor, pay the Value of such Stock according to the Price at the Time of trans-

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Period herein last before-mentioned, and at any Lime during three Years then next ensuing, all and every Persons and Person, Bodies, Coporations, and Companies, being in the Possession of, or beneficially entitled to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, charged with any Land Tax, which shall have been purchased under and by virtue of this Act, shall, in the Order in which they respectively shall be entitled to the Benefit of redeeming their Land Tax, according to the Rate of Prefere nce for the Redemption hereinbefore mentioned, be entitled to treat with the Commissioners specially appointed for the Redemption of such Land Tax, or any Part or Parcel thereof, in such apd the like Manner, in all Respe#s, as he, she, or they might have done within the Period first hereinbefore limited, and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to contract and agree with him, her, or them ref|>ectively, for the Redemption of such Land Tax, or any Part or Parcel thereof, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and in like Manner in all Respe#$. as if such Contracts had been made within the Period first hereinbefore limited, provided that he, me, or they shall, within twenty-one Days after the making of such Contract, give Notice in Writing to the Receiver General in England, or Collector in Scotland, of the County, Riding, Stewartry, or Place, within which such Land Tax shall be charged, of such Redemption as aforesaid, specifying in such Notice the Amount of the Land Tax so redeemed, the Parish or Place within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, upon which the same is charged, and such Receiver General or Collector is hereby required to cause Notice in Writing of such Redemption to be given to the original Purchaser or Purchasers of such Land Tax, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or to the Person or Persons then entitled to receive the same from the said Receiver General or Collector of such Land Tax as aforesaid, as hereinbefore mentioned, whenever he, she, or they shall next demand the same; and all Payments to such original Purchasers on Account of the Land Tax so redeemed, shall cease and determine from the End of the Quarter of the Year next ensuing such Notice. - * Jirav

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on Application made to them by the original Purchaser or Purchasers of any Land Tax redeemed as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and on Produ#ion to the said Commissioners of the original Contract of Purchase of such Land Tax, or Assignment thereof, or Certificate of any Alignment thereof, or Copy, made under the Authority of this Act, of any such Certificate, and of the Notice given to such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by the Receiver General or Collector of the County, Riding, or Place, within which such Land Tax is charged, of the Redemption thereof', or any Part thereof, shall transfer to him, her, or them, so much Capital iroclc in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities as shall have been transferred by such original Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as the Consideration for the Purchase of such Land Tax, or such Part thereof as shall be in Proportion to the Land Tax redeemed, or at his, her, or their Option, shall pay to him, her, or them a Sum of Money equal to what was the Value of such Capital Stock at the Time of the Transfer of the first Instalment on such Contract, which Value the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England is or are hereby required to indorse on such Contract at the Time of such Transfer being made, and such Contract shall thereupon be determined and of no Effect, as to so /ernng the first much of the Land Tax which shall be so redeemed. -

Instalment; which Price shall be indorsed on the Contrail. x IjjK,j, V

On fulfilling the XCV. And be it further enacted, That-whenever any Land Tax purchased under and by virtue of this

Conti act for Re- ft^; be afterwards redeemed in pursuance of this Act, and the Whole of the Capital Stock contracted for

cmjnion, the

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60.

as the Consideration of such Redemption, or such Part thereof as shall have been contracted for on Account of the hr ft Instalment, shall have been transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and all other Matters and Things hereinbefore directed as to Contracts of Redemption made within the Period hr ft hereii before limited, been duly performed, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heted taments comprised in such Contrail shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof, and such Land Tax shall be no longer payable to the Receiver General or Collector < f the County, Riding, Stewanry, or Place, within which such Land Tax shall be charged, nor by such Receiver General or Collector to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, al ter Notice of such Redemption, unless such Contrail shall become null and void on Failure of making good any Instalment contracted and agreed for thereon as herein after mentioned,

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, after entering into any such Contrail as aforesaid for the Redemption or Purchase of any such Land Tax, shall afterwards refuse or negleil to complete the same by the due and regular Transfer of the several Instalments agreed to be made thereon, then and in every such Case, and immediately after Default shall be made in the Transfer of any of the said Instalments, such Contrail shall become null and void, and the Whole of the Land Tax so contracted for {in case the same shall have ceased by virtue of this Act) shall be revived, and again become chargeable on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereon the same was charged prior to such Contrail, and such Land "Fax{whether the samethall have been redeemed or purchased) shall be again assessed, raised, levied, and collected for the Uleof his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or be again sold by the Commissioners specially appointed for the Purposes of this Act, in the sameManneras if such Contrail had not been entered into, and the Person or Persons so making Default shall, for the Non-performance of such Contrail, be subject to a Penalty not exceeding the Amount of the Value of the Stock agreed to be transferred for the first Instalment.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Contrail shall become forfeited, it shall be lawful for the Courts of Exchequer in England and &-0f/tf/7*/respectively, on the Application of the Person or Persons who shall have incurred such Penalty, or any other Person or Persons who may be prejudiced by such Default, by Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, Hating the Grounds of such Application, to enlarge the Time for the making good any subsequent Instalment or Instalments, and to grant such Relief to the Party or Parties as to the said Courts respectively shall seem meet, upon Payment of all Cods, and upon such other Terms and Conditions as to such Courts respectively shall appear reasonable.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Contrail entered into and made, under and by virtue of this Act, shall be assignable by Indorsement made thereon, in the Form contained in the Schedule marked (D), and where the Assignment is only a Part of the Land Tax comprised in such original Contrail, then by a like Form to be indorsed upon an attested Copy of such original Contrail, specifying the Proportion of the Land Tax so to be assigned, and the Premises upon which the same is charged, which Assignment and Alignments shall be registered, and Duplicates thereof delivered in such and the like Manner, in all Re-foecls, as is hereinbefore described with respeil to the original Contrail entered into under and by virtue of

thisAa. V, # >‘

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That all Land Tax which shall be redeemed or purchased in pursuance of this Act, except where the same shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, or in Cases where other Provisions are made by this Act, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Estate.

r, except in certain cases.

C. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Contraa shall have become null and void, in Manner hereinbefore described, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, although not interested therein, by Leave of, and under and subject to the Direaicns of the said respective Courts of Exchequer, on Application made in a summary Way, to contraa with the Commissioners specially appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the making good all such Instalments as shall remain due at the Time of such Contraa becoming null and void as aforesaid, and on transferring to the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies interested therein, the Quantity of Capital Stock that shall have been transferred under such Contraa, or paying the Value thereof, in such Manner, and to such Person or Persons as the said respective Courts of Exchequer shall direct, and upon making good the Instalments that shall remain due as aforesaid, and upon such Registry and Delivery of Duplicates in Manner hereinbefore direaed in Cases of Assignment of Contraas, such Person or Persons shall thenceforth be considered as the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Land Tax mentioned in such Contraa, and shall be entitled to all such Benefits, Advantages, and Payments, as if he, she, or they had originally contraaed for the Purchase thereof subject to such Redemption thereof as is herein directed with respect to any Purchaser or Purchasers at the Period herein after mentioned. 1:

CI. Provided aWo, and be it further enacted, That where any Contraa made under and by virtue of this Act shall have become null and void as aforesaid, and no Application ro-the said respective Courts of Exchequer shall have been made within three Calendar Months from the Time of such Default, in Manner hereinbefore directed, by any Person or Persons not interested in such Contraa, nor any Prosecution for the Penalty

813

Lands subject to the Land Tax

redeemed to be c xoncrated.

Where Persons refuseor neglect to complete their Contract* it shall become void, and the Land Tax, if it has ceased, shall be revived, ami be again raised, or again fold; and the Con-trador making Default shall forfeit the Value of his first Instalment.

Courts of Exchequer in England or Scotland may relieve against such Forfeitures.

§ 8o.)

Contracts may be assigned and registered.

§ 78.

Land Tax

Ttdeemed or purchased under this Act to be Personal Estate, (&* §3*. 40.)

In case of Contracts be coming void, Strangers may, on Application to the Exchequer, make good the same, and ft and in the Place of the original Purchasets.

Where no such Application is made within three Months, and the Penalty for Breach ot

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

814.

C. 60.

A.D. 1798.

nalty shall have been brought, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and they are hereby required to reserve to the Use of the Public such Part of the Capital Stock transferred under such Contract as {nail be equal to the Penalty incurred, and on Demand thereof made, to transfer the Remainder of such Capital Stock to the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, ia-terested in such Stock, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

Penalty out of the Stock actually transferred, and retransfer the Remainder to the Purchaser.

Cl I. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to open an Account in their Books under the Title of An Account of the Sale of the Land Tax" as before directed*, and to carry to the Credit of such Account the Monies directed to be paid into the Bank of England, upon the said Account, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England rs and are hereby required to accept and receive all such Monies from any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies aforesaid, and to make Entries thereof in the Books of the Bank of England to be provided for that Purpose.

Clir. And be it further enacted, That if any Assessment of Land Tax, which shall continue to be charged in pursuance of this Act, shall at any Time hereafter be found to exceed the Rate of four Shillings in the Pound on the annual Value of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the same shall be subject to an Abatement in the Manner in such Cases directed by the said Act of the present Session of Parliament; and that after such Abatement made, an Assessment specifying such Abatement shall be made thereof accordingly; and the Commissioners making such Assessment shall cause Duplicates thereof to be returned to the said Receivers General, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and the Offices of the King’s Remembrancer at Westminster and Edinburgh respectively, in the Manner therein directed in other Cases of Assessments. _ yluj

CIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which now are rated together, and chargeable with the Payment of one Gross Sum by Way of Land Tax, (and which Land Tax shall be purchasea and continued payable, and be collected under the Regulations contained in this Act,) shall hereafter be separated or divided, and come into the Possession of different Persons, prior to the Time when such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be exonerated therefrom by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case the Commissioners of Land Tax acting in or for the Division wherein such Land Tax shall be charged, if in England, or the Commissioners of Supply acting for the County, Stewartry, or Place, if in Scotland, or any two or more of them, shall cause such Land Tax to be apportioned as between such Persons respectively, according to the Value of their respective Estates, and to aflels and charge the Proportions in which their respective Estates shall bear and sustain the same, or if in Scotland, according to the Rules and Regulations followed there in the Division of Cumulo valued Rents; and in case any one of such Persons shall, at any Time or Times after such Land Tax shall be apportioned, be compelled to pay the Whole of the said Land Tax, or more than his or her due Proportion thereof, such Person or Persons shall and may, and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to demand of and from the Person or Persons who, under such Assessment, ought to have paid the same, such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall have been compelled to pay over and above his, her, or their due Proportion of such Land Tax, and on Refusal to pay the same, to proceed for the Recovery thereof in the same Manner, in all Respects, as Lessors or Landlords can or may, by virtue of any Lawsor Acts now in force in England and Scotlandrt\pc6\\vc\y^ proceed for the Recovery of Relit in Arrear.

CV. And be it further enacted, That whenever, in any Parish or Place, separately assessed to the Land Tax, the Whole of the Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in such Parish or Place, shall have been redeemed, and all the Manors, Messuages, Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments in such Parish or Place shall be exonerated, under and by virtue of this Act, from the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money as Land Tax, all Assessments in such Parish or Place, by virtue of this Act, shall cease and determine. v f5lp

Contract is not sued for the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt may retain the

Bank to open an Account of the Sale of the / Land Tax, and receive Monies, and make Entries accordingly

If any AflTcflT-mcnc of the Land Tax shall exceed 4s. in the Pound, an Abatement shall be made, and A fle Aments made accordingly.

Where Lands now rated together shall be hereafter divided, the Land Tax continuing to be paid, it shall be apportioned by the Land Tax Commissioners; and if either of the Poflc/Tors shall be called on to pay the whole Land Tax, he shall recover from the other his Portion as Relit due.

When the Whole of the Land Tax in any Parish is redeemed, and the Parish exonerated, all Assessments thereof shall cease.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Capital Stock of the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities shall, by virtue of this Act, be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Interest or Dividend which would have been payable on such Stock, shall from thenceforth cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged on the Consolidated Fund, and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in such Manner as Parliament shall from Time to Time diredh

The Interest on 3 per Cents, transferred under this Act to Commissioners for reducing the Nntional Debt, shall not

be issued irom ..

the Exchequer; but remain a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, disposable by Parliament.

But when Mock is tran fcired by the said Co.n-miflfioner* to anyone, thr Dividends shall a-gainbe payable.

CVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Capital Stock shall be transferred by the said Commissioners to any Person or Persons in pursuance of this Act, the Dividends shall again be payable thereon in the same Manner as if the same had never been transferred to the said Commissioners*

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 815

,1

U

I?

i

k

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties imposed on Malt, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; on Sugar, by three Acts of the twenty-seventh, thirty-fourth, and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty; and the Duties of Excise on ’Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth Day of Adarch one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, but shall from thenceforth cease and determine, except as to Arrears due, or to grow due, unless the same shall be specially continued by Parliament., _ r _,

' 3 1 of Excise on Tobacco, by 29 Geo. 3. c. 68. to determine from March 25, 1799.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money arising from the Produce of the Duty ProduceofLand by this Act made perpetual as aforesaid, which shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in any Year alter the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall from Time to Time be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

Duties on Malt by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13; on Sugar by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. 34 Geo. j« c. 4. and 37 Geo. 3. c. 15. and the Duties

CX. And be it further enacted, That no Contract entered into with the said Commissioners specially to be appointed by virtue of this Act, nor any Certificate or Receipt given under and by virtue of this Act, nor any Alignment thereof, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

under

Tax after March

a5» *799* make Part of the Consolidaicd-Fund.

No Con traits, Receipts, Certificates, or Assignments, Alt, liable to Stamp Dut/^.

CXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Notice, required to be given by Notices under this Act, cannot be delivered to the Person or Persons to whom such Notice is directed, it shall be sufficient !^‘s A<a ma/ for the Party obliged to give such Notice, to leave the same at the last most usual Place of Abode of the Per- p u B r son or Persons to whom such Notice is to be given, if such Person shall be in Great Britain 3 or if such Per- Cr if they°areS son shall be beyond the Seas, then to publish the same in the London Gazette. abroad, pub-

in the Gazette*

Lands fold under this Act, exempted iron*. Duty on A unions.

Treasury may pay Salaries and Expences under this Act out of

annual Supplies, not exceeding 3d. in the

Pound to Commissioners, on Land Tax fold.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be sold by Auction according to the Provisions of this Act, shall be exempt from any Duty payable on Sales by Auctions. ii-

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to order and direct any Sum or Sums of Money to be issued and paid out of any Aids or Supplies granted, or to be granted, by Parliament for the Service of the Year in which such Expences shall be incurred, for the Payment of Salaries to Commissioners. Clerks, and Officers, and for discharging such incidental Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as the said Lords Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer, shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable in that Behalf: Provided always, That no greater Sum shall be paid to the Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for any County, Rtding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, than after the Rate of Three-pence in the Pound on the Amount of the Land Tax sold by them, to be applied and paid to and amongst them in equal Proportions: Provided also, That an Account of all such Expences shall be annually laid before Parliament: Provided also, That such Expences shall not be liable to account, otherwise than before the said Commissioners of the Treasury or Lord High

Treasurer. # r'

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the Time being, to execute and do all Matters and Things which by this Act the Commissioners for the Redudlioaof the National Debt are required and empowered to do.

Account of Expences to be laid before Parliament.

Two Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, sufficient for Execution of this Act.

CXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commission from his Majesty in pursuance of this Act, for the Purpose of felling the Land Tax, in any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port* Towns or Place, shall not vacate the Seat of any Person returned to serve in Parliament, nor shall the Election of any Person who shall have accepted such Commission, be in any Manner impeached thereby or made void; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise not-

withstanding.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be sued for by the Party aggrieved by virtue of this Act, shall and may be sued for by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of his Ma-

n O______-T T —... I M L I. ,] o h/\l rl 1 n cr Pl^ic t r% fho A m r\i mr nf fArfrtr Ckillinnc

other than to the Party aggrieved, shall, if sued for within the Space of six Calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties 01 Forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for Offendes committed in England, or in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland for Offences committed in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Pro-

3> traoa*

Acceptance of Commissions under this Act not to vacate Seats in Parliament.

Penalties Parties aggrieved, where to be sued for.

Costs to Plaintiffs.

Other Penaltier

to be sued for in six Months, Half to the Crown, and Half to the In*.

former.

9

8i6

Attorney General,&c. mayday Proceedings.

After six Months, Penalties shall be recoverable only in the Name of the Attorney General, &c. and be paid to Commissioners of Taxes, who may reward the Jniormer.

Persons forging. Sec. any Contrail, Alignment, Certificate, or Receipt, guilty of Felony Without Rencfit of Clergy.

Limitation of Actions.

Central I flue.

[Treble Costs.]

Land Tax Commissioners,

tec. being Justices of the Peace, may hear Appeals under this Afit.

Persons aggrieved in Sale > of Land Tax (the Consideration for which shall not exceed 500l. Stock), may appeal to such Commis-

floners at the

C. 60.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

tedlion, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that any such last mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without Intention of Fraud, to (say all further Proceedings, by entering a noli prosequi, or otherwise, with respect as well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty. 'wi a irMfcdWV

CXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Default of Prosecution within the Time hereinbefore limited, no such last mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, and of his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, in which Case the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall appoint to receive the same, to the U(e of his Majesty; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any Contractor Contracts for the Sale of any Land Tax, or any Alignment or Alignments of such Contract or Contracts, or of any Portion of Land Tax therein comprised, or any Certificate or Certificates of the Commissioners of Land Tax or of Supply, or any Chief Magistrate authorized by this Act to make out such Certificate or Certificates, or of the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or of the Duchy of Cornwall, or any Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Certificate or Certificates, or attested Copy of a Certificate or Certificates, directed by this Act to be made out by the proper Officer to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or shall wilfully deliver or produce to2ny rerlon or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Contract or Contracts* Assignment or Assignments, Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts knowing the same to be forged,* counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in every such Case all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. ‘

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Actiort or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fadtcommitted, and not afterwards, and shall belaid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the lameas any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Costs by Law. - /* VT

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who are or shall be named or appointed Commissioners of Land Tax, in or by any Act or Acts now in force., or hereafter to be passed to carry into Lxe-cutionthe Act of the present Session of Parliament before mentioned, or this Act, in any County, Riding, or Place, such Persons being also Justices of the Peace of and for the same County, Riding, or Place, ami not being Persons specially appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners for the Purpose of hearing Appeals to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Division of the County or Riding, or the District within which they usually act as Commissioners of Land Tax and Justices of the Peace as aforesaid..,.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himfilf, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Determination of the Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, with relation to any Right or Benefit of Preference in, or any Right of Redemption of any Land Tax to be sold by virtue of this Act, or with relation to the Sale or Mortgage of any Messuages, Land?, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Grant of any Relit Charge thereout, for any of the Purjxjfes of this Act with relation to the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, (for the Redemption or Purchase of which not more than five hundred Pounds Capital Stock, in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities,

would be transferred inxhe Whole if such Land»Ta* was redeemed or purchased,) it ibalk be lawfol for such Person

A.D. 179 S. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60.

Person or Persons, in every such Case, to appeal to the Commissioners appointed by this Act, for the Purpose of hearing Appeals at the next Petty Sessions held by them, within and for the Division or District within which such Land Tax, or any Proportion thereof, shall be charged, and the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine all such Appeals, at any Petty Sessions to be by them appointed, from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion, and on due Confederation of all the Circumstances attending the Case upon which such Appeal shall arise, and on Examination upon Oath or Affirmation of the Parties interested in such Appeal, and all other Persons who shall be willing to be examined touching any Matters or Things relating to the Matter in Dispute as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation they, or any two or more of such Commissioners, are hereby authorized to administer, and on the Production, upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, of any Deeds, Conveyances, or Instruments, or upon the Production of any Affidavits or Depositions in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation. to be made in Manner herein directed as to such Affidavits, Depositions, or Affirmations, as may be produced to the Commissioners specially appointed for the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners of Appeal, and they are hereby required to determine such Appeal, and give such Order therein, as in their Discretion shall feern expedient, which Order shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties; and if such Commissioners of Appeal shall have any Doubts, touching any Matters or Things re- lating to the Determination of such Appeal, it shall and may be lawful for such lass-mentioned Commissioners to require the Advice and AflUtance, or the Opinion of any Counsel learned in the Law, being a Barriffer of five Years (landing at the lead, as to them shall seem most expedient, and such Commissioners shall and may award the Cods actually incurred in such Appeal, and no more, together with such Expence as shall have arisen from the obtaining the Advice, Affidance, or Opinion of Counsel, as the Case may be, if any such Expence shall have been incurred, to be paid either by the Party against whom such Appeal shall have been determined, or by both the Parties to such Appeal, ia such Proportions as to such Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and in case of Refusal or Non-payment of any Sumsfo ordered to be paid, by the Space of twenty-one Days next after such Determination, such Commissioners of Appeal, or any two of them, shall and may issue forth their Warrant, to levy the same by Didress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons ordered to pay such Sum as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after the Payment of the Charge of such Didress and Sale: Provided always, That where /Capital Stock, which would be requisite to be transferred for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax respectively, about which any such Dispute as aforesaid may arise, would in the Whole exceed five hundred Pounds in such Public Annuities, the Person or Persons so thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved as aforesaid, shall and may apply to the Court of Chancery or Exchequer in England, or the Courts of Session or Exchequer in Scotland, by Petition, to be preferred, in a summary Way, which Courts respectively may thereupon grant such Relief, and make such Order therein, as to the said Courts respectively shall seem meet.

CXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Ill’ (A-)

FORM of the CERTIFICATE of the Amount of the Land Tax, and the Lands

upon which it is assessed.

t I

2. and C.D. two of the Commissioners of Land Tax, for the County

do hereby certify, that the Lands [briefly describing the Land; and Hereditaments

chargeable] are charged with Land Tax to the Amount of [and if more

Parcels of Land Tax than one, repeat the Description] \ and that the Messuage and Lands [briefly describing the same \ are charged in like Manner to the Amount of making in the Whole the

Amount of

(B.)

FORM of the CERTIFICATE of the CONTRACT.

KNOW all Men, That we A. B and C.D. two of the Commissioners ap-

inted for the Purposes of an Act [Here insert the Title of the Afi]> for the [County y Ridings Wr.J do

- i-----— J-----J —:*u ° c— — ru Redemption by," or u Sale to"

ind Tax f or Parcel of the Land

honers

V the Land Tax; and if any Land Tax redeemed er purchased tn ether Lands, to be specified in the same 38 Geo. III. s N Manner]

.817

next Petty

Scfliom, and their Order shall he final and conclusive.

Commissioners of Appeal may have the Advice of Counsel, and award Lofts, &c.

m

Where the

Consideration exceeds 500L Stock, Appeal may be by Petition to the Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, or Session.

Act may be va* ried or repealed this Session.

9

818. C. 60. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.* A.D. 1798.

(5if §96.

Manner] or being Parcel of the Land Tax charged upon the Parish of. \}nJe^ tj7* £*/?>

and County, more Parishes, to be inserted in the same MannerJ. The Cansideration or the bale is

declared to be Capital Stock in the ?. per Centum Bank Annuities, to

be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, at the banx of England^ in the following Proportions, and at the following Times; viz*, -

Stock on or before the r - V 1»; < 7 4-IN/t

Stock on or before the

» Stock on or before the '. >4^ ijJ* lAe'S

&c. &c. - IIf. M

with Interest, to be paid at the Time of the second and each subsequent Instalment to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed or purchased, deducting therefrom a Sum bearing the same Proportion to such Land Tax as the Amount of the Stock transferred before the Time of each Payment bears to the whole Amount of Stock, agreed to be transferred on such Contract: [And* if the Contract is made with a Purchaser, Subject never-^theless to the Redemption of the Land Tax hereby fold, on such Conditions, and at such Time, and in the Manner directed in the Ad hereinabove mentioned.]

to.

(C,) M :1

FORM of the CERTIFICATE or RECEIPT to be indorsed on the Contract*

FORM of ASSIGNMENT*.

I A* B. of in consideration of paid to me by C D. of

do hereby bargain, fell, assign, and transfer to the said C. />. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, tho Yearly Sum of being the Whole fory Part] of the Land

rI ax charged upon certain Manors, Messuages, &c. \here describe the Nature of the Estate\ in the Parish of

in the County of [<?r, being Part of the Land Tax charged upon the Parish of

] to hold to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, with the same Benefits and Advantages, and subject to the same Right and Power of Redemption, Restriction, and Conditions, as I held the same immediately before the Execution hereof.

V/itness our Hands and Seals, the Day of in the Year of our

Lord .^.nTTWSI

(E.) FORM

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60.

FORM of CONTRACT for Sale of Crown Lands belonging to the Duchy of Laticaster.

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, to all to whom these Presents shall come, greeting: Know ye, that We, in confederation of the Sum of paid into the Hands of Our Receiver General of the

Revenues of Our Duchy of Lancaster, as appears by the Receipt of the Receiver General indorsed on these Presents, by and with the Advice and Consent of Our Chancellor and Council of Our said Duchy, do by these Presents grant, bargain, and fell unto A.B. his Heirs and Assigns, all [describe the Manors &c. foldJ to have and to hold the said [Manors, CsY.] hereby bargained and fold, and all Benefits and Advantages thereto belonging, unto and to the Use of the said A.B. his Heirs and Assigns for ever. [In case there be any fubfijling Lease of the Manors, &c. Words to the following Effect are to be added; Subject nevertheless to the Term and Interest in the said Manors, iffc. by virtue of a Lease granted under the Seal of

bearing Date on or about - unto

for a Term of which will expire on or about ]

In Witness whereof,

FORM of CERTIFICATE of CONTRACTS made by the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue.

By the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue.

THESE are to certify. That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, bearing Date the Day of the said

Surveyor General hath contracted and agreed with A.B. of for the Sale to the said

A.B. of all [here describing the Premises to be sold] at or for the Price or Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, [and in case of any fulffijling Lease, then the following Words to be added, Subject nevertheless to Here dtferibing when and to whom such Lease was granted, for what Term of Tears or Lives, and when the Term will expire, or which of the Lives are in being,] and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum in Manner aforesaid, and the Enrolment of this Certificate, and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money, in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid [or, of the Clerk of the Pipe, as the Case may be,] and thenceforth for ever, the said A.B. and his [her, or their] Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the said Premises so by him [her, or them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held and enjoyed the same, by force and virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of thej Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [tn/erting the Title of this All]*

Given under the Hand of the said Surveyor General the Day of,

Witness to the Signing by the said Surveyor General,

[The Witness to be one of the Clerks, or other Officers in his Office.]

(G.)

FORM of CERTIFICATE of CONTRACTS to be made by the Surveyor General

of the Duchy of Cornwall* ..

By the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall.

THESE are to certify. That, by virtue of a Warrant from the Council of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, the said Surveyor General hath contracted and agreed withyf. B. for the Sale to the said A.B. of all [here describe the Premises, or the Relit, to be sold] at or for the Price or Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Duchy of Cornwall, [and in case of any subsisting Lease, or any Grant by Pa lU T * _ " 5 N z Copy

820

C. 60, 6r. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Copy of Court Roll, then the following Words to be added, Subject nevertheless to Here describing when and to whom such Lease or Copy was granted, for what Term or Lives, and when the Term will expire, or which of the Lives are in being], and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum in Manner aforesaid, and the Enrolment of this Certificate, and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money, in the Office of the Auditor of the Duchy of Cornwall, and thenceforth for ever, the said A.B. and his [her, or their] Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the said Premises [or Relit, as the Case may be] so by him flier, or them] purchased, [and where the Purchase shall be other than for a Relit, then the following Words to be added, and shall hold and enjoy the same, peace- ably and quietly, and in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as his Royal Highness the cc Prince of Wales, his Heirs or Successors, Dukes of Cornwall, might or could have held or enjoyed the " fame," by force and virtueoLjn Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [inserting the Title of this Act],

Given under the Hand of the said Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall the Day of

Witness to the Signing by the said Surveyor General, y

[The Witness to be one of the Clerks, f

or other Officers in his Office.] '

% tm

(H.) .

FORM of the CASHIER’! RECEIPT.

RECEIVED the Day of of and from the above [or, within] named A.B. the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the above [or, within] written Certificate. '

1 Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Cashieri

(!)

FORM of ASSIGNMENT of LAND TAX by a TRUSTEE.

I A.B. of a Trustee appointed by C.D. of together with several other Persons, to purchase their respective Land Tax, do hereby bargain, fell, assign, and transfer to the said C-D. his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the Yearly Sum of being the Land Tax

charged upon the [here describe the Nature of the Property] of him or her the said C.D. situate in [herein-fert the Place], and which is the Proportion purchased by me as a Trustee for the said C.D. to hold to the said C.D. his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

Witness my Hand and Seal, the Day of in the Year of our Lord

36 Geo. 3. c. 106. recited#

CAP. LXI. MSI

An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, videlicet, on the eighteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawbacks and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

[21st June 1798.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend an Act € made in the thirtysecond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the AL 4 lowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda {/lands in Foreign Ships 5 and for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships which was to continue in force until the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and from thence to the End of

7 the

821

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6i, 62,63.

the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be continued and amended be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if, on the twenty-third Day of June, twenty-third Day of 4'cgufl^ twenty-third Day of October^ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Average Prices of Brown or Alufcovado Sugar, taken in the Manner directed by the said Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the six Weeks preceding, shall not exceed sixty-seven Shillings and Sixpence for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duty of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, then and in such Case the Drawback and Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar shall be paid and allowed $ any Thing in the said recited Afl to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ii. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of this Act shall have Continuance until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

v. J

CAP. LXII.: '

An Act to empower Magistrates and Justices of the Peace, in setting the Assize of Bread, to make an Allowance on account of the additional Duty on Salt.

[21st June 1798.]

If the Average Price of 'Brown Sugar shall not, at the Periods herein mentioned, exceed 67s. 6d. per Cwt. the Drawback and Bounty on Exportation to be paid.

Continuance of

Act.

w

whereof the Bakers will be considerably injured, iffome Allowance be not made to them on account of such additional Duties :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Time to Time, when and so often as any Magistrates or Justices of the Peace within the Limits of their respective Jurisdifhons shall, by virtue of any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes, made for that Purpose, set the Assize of Bread, they shall, immediately before setting such Assize, add to what shall appear to be the Average Priceper Quarter of Wheat fit for the making of Wheaten Bread, the Sum of Five-pence, on account of the additional Duty on Salt, so as to increase such Average Price Five-penee per Quarter, and shall then, in setting the Assize of Bread, make use of such increased Average Price in all Respects as if the same were the real Average Price of Wheat, so long as such additional Duty on Salt shall continue j but

no longer. v

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man; for improving the Revenue thereof; and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said island.

[21st June 1798.]

for the

Report

Cap. 43 of this Session.

In setting the Assize of Bread 5d. per Quarter to be added to the Average Price of Wheat, on account of the additional Duty on Salt.

( Setc. 55 of tbM

Local Act i,

WHEREAS a Report has been made, in consequence of a Commission from his Majesty,

Purpose of obtaining Information upon various Points respecting the Isle of Man^ which has

that

, by his Majesty's Command, been laid before the House of Commons: And whereas it is expedient, t, until Parliament can take the said Report under their Consideration, some temporary Encourage-

ment and Relief should be granted to the Trade and Manufactures of the Jfe of Man, as well as some further Regulations made for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said island:

And whereas, by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An 20 Geo. 3. c. 42t Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into the Isle of Man, and for better regulating the Trade and securing the Revenues of the said island, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any three of them, are authorized to grant Licence (among other Things) for the Exportation from any Pi

- __________r rt in England into the rort or Douglas, in the Isle of Man, of any

Quantity of British Spirits, not exceeding forty thousand Gallons in one Year: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Act, so far as relates to the allowing British Spirits to be exported from England to the said Isle of Man \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no British Spirits shall be allowed to be shipped for, or exported from, any Port or Place in England^ to the said Isle of Man, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and of the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board of which the same shall be so shipped or exported j any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Of

a

From July 5, 179S, no British Spirits to be exported from England. to the Ifleof Mao, on Penalty of Forfeiture, &c.

cient Quantity The Commis. n hundred and loners of the

nine‘y- 2SSIU

822

C. 63.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

grant Licences for three Months for the Importation into the Port of Douglas, of 10,©co Ga Ions of Foreign Brandy, and a like Quantity of Geneva, in one Year, in British-

but no such Brandy or Geneva to be imported, except in Casks of not left than 100

ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any three of them, ro grant their Licence, to be in force for three Months from the Date thereof, for the Importation from any Port or Place whatever into the Port of Douglas, in the Isle of Man, but to no other, in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, and not ofless Burthen than fifty Tons, of any Quantity of Foreign Brandy, not exceeding ten thousand Gallons in any one Year and also of any Quantity of Foreign Geneva, not exceeding ten thousand Gallons in any one Year and that on the Importation, under the Licences as aforesaid, of any such Brandy or Geneva into the said Port of Douglas, in the IJJe of Man, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, the following Duties; videlicet. For every Gallon of Foreign Brandy, the Sum of three Shillings; and for every Gallon of Foreign Geneva, the Sum of three Shillings; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

built Vessels, of not less than 50 Tons \ 3s. per Gallon to be paid on Importation;

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Foreign Brandy or Geneva shall be imported into the Isle of Man, by Licence as aforesaid, except in Casks, which shall contain one hundred Gallons each at the lead, on Forfeiture of all such Foreign Brandy or Geneva, and of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported: Provided also, That no Foreign Brandy or Geneva shall be imported into the Isle of Man as aforesaid, of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one to nine over Hydro-

Gallons, and of nieter Proof, on Forfeiture of all such Foreign Brandy or Geneva.

a certain Strength, on Penalty of Forfeiture thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Foreign Brandy or Geneva shall, upon any Pretence whatever, be removed or carried coastwise in the said ]Jh of Man, or shall be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Vessel, in order to be so removed or carried coastwise, unless in the Package in which the same was originally imported into the said island, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel on board of which the same shall be shipped or laden, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and rur-

wife, unless in niture. * v $ \

the original Package, on Forfeiture thereof and of the Ship, &c.

_j 1 m -

V. And whereas the Quantity of forty thousand Pounds Weight of Tobacco, allowed to be annually exported to the I/Je of Man, undtr the Authority of an Act of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, is found to be insufficient for the Consumption of the Inhabitants of the said island \ be it therefore further enabled, That, from and after the tenth Day of October in each Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any three of them, to grant their Licence for the Exportation from any Port in England, where Tobacco is allowed by Law to be imported and warehoused, into the Port of Douglasx in the Isle of Man, but to no other, i 11 British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, and not of less Burthen than fifty Tuns, of any Quantity of Tobacco not exceeding sixty thousand Pounds Weight in any one Year, instead and in lieu of the Quantity allowed to be exported by virtue of the said recited Act; and tirat on the Importation of any Tobacco into the Port of Douglas, in the Isle of Man, there shall be raised, levied, collated, and paid, instead and in lieu of the Duty now due and payable on such Tobacco so imported, a Duty of Sixpence per Pound Weight; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

No Foreign Brandy or Geneva to be removed in the Isle of Man, or carried coilt -

From Oct. 10, yearly, Commissioners of Customs in England may grant Licences for the Importation of 60,000 lbs. of Tobacco into the Port of Douglas, in IJiitish built Vciftls of not

left than 50

Tons, instead of the Quantity

allowed by 29 Geo. 3. c. 68. 6d. per lb. to be paid instead of the Duty now payable

From July 5,

3798, Commissioners of the Customs in England may grant Licences to continue two Months for the Importation into the Port of Douglas, of 70

Tons of Wine in one Year, in British-built Vessels, &c. exceeding 50 Tons Burthen;

and he fle’es the Duty now payable on Wine, a further Duty of 81. per Ton

/hall be paid.

No Wine to

VI. And whereas it is expedient to impose an additional Duty on Wine imported into the Isle of Man, as well as to limit the Quantity of Wine to be imported into the said Blind to an annual Allowance ade- quate to the Consumption of the Inhabitants thereof be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any three of them, to grant their Licence, (such Licence to continue in force for two Months,) for the Importation from any Port or Place whatever into the Port of Douglas, in the Isle of Man, but to no other, in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, and which shall exceed the Burthen of fifty Tons, of any Quantity of Wine, not exceeding seventy Tons in any one Year.

so imported except by Licence, nor »n Casks less than a Hogshead, nor shall it be ^carried coast-

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, over and above the Duties now due and payable on the Importation of Wine into the lfte of Man, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, a further Duty of eight Pounds for every Ton of Wine, containing two hundred and fifty two Gallons, imported into the Isle of Man, by Licence, as aforesaid; and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.,

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no Wine shall be imported into the Isle of Man, except by Licence from the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England as aforesaid, nor in any Cask or Package less than a Hogshead, on Forfeiture of all such Wine, and of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported: Provided also. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight, no Wine shall be carried coastwise in the Isle of Man> except in the original Calk or Package in

A.D. 179^»

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 63. 823

which such Wine shall have been imported into the said Island, on Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been so shipped or carried; and that no Wine shall be removed by Land from one Part of the said Island to another, except in the original Cask or Package in which the same shall have been imported into the Island, or in Bottles, on Forfeiture of all such Wine, together with the Horses, Carts, and Carriages, employed in the removing of the same: Provided also, That the Wine so imported may be carried coastwise in the said Island, in Vessels of the Burthen of fifty Tons, and upwards.

% in the original Casks, or in Bottles, on

wife, except in the original Package, on Forfeiture, with the Vessel employed 5 nor removed by Land, except Forfeiture, &c.

From July e,.

1798, the Commissioners of the Customs in England may grant Licences, to continue a Month, for Exportation from Great Britain inro the Ports of Douglas or

R2mfay, of 100

IX. 1 And whereas it is expedient to allow a certain Number of Live Sheep to be exported from England to the ljle of Man ;* be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day o {July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any three of them, to grant their Licence, to remain in force for one Month from the Date thereof, for the Exportation from any one Port in Great Britain into the Port of Douglas or Ram fey, in the Isle of Man, but to no other, any Number of Live Sheep, not exceeding one hundred in the Whole in any one Year and such Sheep shall and may be exported accordingly under the like Rules, Regulations, Securities, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, so far as the same are applicable, as the Exportation of Wool is allowed to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, among other Things, for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep and Wool.

Live Sheep in one Year, under the Regulations in 28 Geo. 3. c. 38. §16- See. aj to Jersey, Arc.

X. And whereas it is expedient that the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man should enjoy every Benefit and One Month’s 1 Advantage in respect of the several Articles allowed by Law to be imported by Licence, which may be

confident with the Security of the Revenue of Great Britain, and also that a regular and constant Supply

of the said Articles, for the neccfl-iry Use and Consumption of the Inhabitants of the said Island, should, as far as possible, be provided for ;’ be it therefore enacted, That one Month previous to the Periods at which the Licences in each Year for the respective Articles licensed by this or former Acts are to commence, the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Douglas, in the Isle of Man, shall, and they are hereby required to affix, or to cause to be affixed, at the several Custom Houses in the Island, public Notice in Writing, that for fourteen Days from and after the Date of such Notice so affixed, they (the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas) are ready to receive Applications in Writing from the Inhabitants of the said Island, for the Importation into the said Island of the several Articles allowed by Law to be imported, by virtue of Licence from the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively; and the said Collector and Comptroller shall forthwith, without Preference, and in the Order in which they shall receive such Applications, within the Time (6 limited as aforesaid, enter the same in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, specifying the Date of each Application, the Name, Residence, and Occupation of the Person applying, and the Description and Quantity of the Articles touching which such Applications are made; and the Book containing such Entries shall be open at the Custom House for public Inspection during the Hours of Business, and at the Expiration of such limited Time the said Book shall be closed j and the Collector and Comptroller shall make out, with all convenient Speed, not exceeding seven Days, and transmit by the earliest Conveyance, a true Copy of the Entries in the said Book, certified by each of their Signatures, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, as far as regards Articles so allowed to be imported by Licence from England, and to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, as far as regards Articles so allowed to be imported by Licence from Scotland; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or any three of them, are hereby empowered and directed, upon Application from the Parties whose Names (Hall be so transmitted and certified by the ColLdlor and Comptroller of the said Port of Douglas, or the Agents of such Parties properly authorized, to issue to them their Licence for the Importation into the said Island of the Articles so applied for, according to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, by Law established, for the granting Licences for the importing Goods into the Isle of Man: Provided always, That if the total Quantity of the Articles contained in the Applications so made, in the said Isle of Man, shall exceed the total Quantity of each or any of the Articles allowed by Law to be so imported within the Year, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively to divide such total Quantity amongst the several Parties, in Proportion to the Quantity they shall have (o applied for, and to grant their Licences accordingly: And provided also. That if the total Quantity of any of the said Articles so applied for, in the Isle of Man, shall fall short of the total Quantity allowed by Law to be imported within the Year, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, to grant their Licences to any Persons afterwards applying, and duly qualified, to import such Quantity of each Article as shall be wanting to complete the Quantity annually allowed to be imported into the said Island; and the said Collector and Comptroller of Douglas shall, and they are hereby required to transmit to the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, a Quarterly Account of the Species and Quantities of all such Goods imported by Licences sts aforesaid,.

Kj S* \ i, *. Imports to be transmitted to the Commissioneri*,

i; J xi. And

Notice, previous to Commencement of Licences, to be given at the Custom House-in the Isle of Man, and the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas shall make Entry of allA pplications, and transmit an Account to the Commissioners of the Customs, that Licences may be issued t

If the Quantity

contained hi the Applicatiofts. fh*, U exceed the Quantity allowed to be imported, it shall be proportionably divided among the Parties j but if lets, Licences may be granted to fu-ture Applicants.

Quarterly Accounts of such

824

C. 63.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Persons counterfeiting or using counterfeit Licences or Documents to forfeit 5001.

No Fee to be taken on Account of Applications for Licences, or for »ny Return or

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or falsify any Licence or other Document required or dire£ied to be obtained by this Act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any Licence or other Document so counterfeited or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit five hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatever, shall be demanded or taken by the Oolle£Ior and Comptroller.of Douglas, or any other Officer or Person in the said Island, for or in respect of any Applications made in the said Island, as herein provided, nor on Account of any Return or Certificate of the due landing of Articles imported by Licence* in virtue of this or any former Act or Acts, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds.

Certificate required, on Penalty «f 501.

The Master of

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Foreign Brandy, or Geneva, or Wine,

shall be imported by Licence into the Isle of Man, in pursuance of this Act, the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, shall deliver up to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Douglas, the Licence or Licences by virtue of which such foreign Brandy, Geneva, or Wine, shall be imported, which Licences, by Indorsement signed by the British Con-ful at the Port of shipping, or if no British Consul, by two known British Merchants, shall speciiy the Species and Quantity of Foreign Brandy, Geneva, or Wine, with the Marks, Numbers, and Denomination of the Casks or Packages containing the same, so shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, and the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall produce to all Commanders of his Majesty's Cutters or Vessels, or Officers of the Customs or Excise, who shall demand the same, (so soon as he shall be within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man,) such Licences so indorsed, as often as he shall be so called upon, until so delivered up to the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas as* aforesaid, on Forfeiture of all such Foreign Brandy, Geneva, or Wine.

within certain Limits when required, on Forfeiture of the Articles.

XIV. And whereas it is expedient to allow a Drawback of the Duty on British Hops, on the Exportation thereof to the Isle of ManJ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, on the Exportation of any British Hops to the Isle of Man, there shall be allowed the Drawback of the whole Duty paid thereon; and that instead and in lieu of the Duty of two Pounds ten Shillings for every hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, now payable on Hops imported into the said Isle of Man from Great Britain, there shall be raffed, levied, collected, and paid, a Duty of one Penny Farthing per Pound Weight on all Hops so imported, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity. B*

the Vessel importing Foreign Brandy, Geneva, or Wine, shall deliver to the Collector, tec. at Douglas the Licence authorizing such Importation, indorsed in the Manner herein mentioned; and shall produce the same

From July 5, 3798, on Exportation of Hops to the Isle of Man, the Drawback of the Duty to be allowed: id. 1 q. per lb. to be paid on Import-

ation instead of the former Duty.

5 Geo. 3. c. 43

XV. And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties, and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and for allowing the Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, under certain Rrjfriftions and Regulations, to Cotton Yarn and Cotton Cloth, being the Manufacture of the Ife of Man J be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of jfitly one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, any Cotton Yarn or Cotton Cloth, being the Manufacture of the Isle of Man, shall be imported into Great Britain without Payment of any Duty of Customs Whatever; subject nevertheless, in other Respects, to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are required by the before recited Act, on the Importation of any Goods of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Island.

Cotton Yarn or Cotton Cloth of the Manufacturec of the Isle of Man to be imported into Great Britain free from the Duty of Customs, &c.

And no Cotton

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred Yarn, &c. shall an(j ninety-eight, no Cotton Yarn or Cotton Cloth shall be imported or brought from any Port or Place

the* Isle of Man* whatever into the said Isle of Man, except from Great Britain, on Forfeiture thereof.

except from Great Britain, on Forfeiture. 1 JS' U

NoBountytobe X

VIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hun-allowed on the <jrej anj ninety-eight, no Bounty shall be allowed or paid for or upon the Exportation from Great Britain

XPshklManu to ifl* of an anV Manufacture of Silk whatever.

tatture to the Isle of Man.

No Drawback or

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed for or upon Bounty to be aft- any Goot]s? Wares, or Merchandizes whatever, exported from this Kingdom to the Isle of Man, nor any

Certificate he re - Debenture made out for such Drawback or Bounty, until a Certificate shall be produced, under the Hanes indeferibed be* and Seals of the Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed to attend the Landing or Examination produced. of such Goods at the Port or Place in the said Island where the same shall be landed, and also under the

Hand and Seal of the Collector or Comptroller of such Port or Place, which Certificate shall specify that such Goods have been duly entered and landed at such Port or Place in the said Island.

A.D. 1.798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 63,64,65.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of the several Articles in this Act mentioned from Great Britain, and on the Importation of the same respectively into the Isle of Man, pursuant to this Act, all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, according to the Laws now, or which hereafter may be in force relating to such Goods respectively so imported or exported, and to the Payment, Recovery, and Appropriation of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to extend to this Act, the same as if all the Clauses, Powers, Directions, and Authorities relating thereto, so far as the same respectively apply, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XX. And whereas it may be expedient, under certain special Circumstances, to permit, for a limited Time, the Importation into the Isle of Man of a larger Quantity of the several Articles allowed to be imported into the said IHand, by Licence under the Authority of this Act \ be it therefore enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord H:gh Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to issue their Orders to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Custo.ns in Englafid or Scotland, to grant their Licence for the Importation into the fie of Man of such additional Quantity of the several Articles which are by this Act allowed to be imported into the said Bland by Licence only, and the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, on the Necessity of the Case being proved to iheir Satisfaction, shall in their Judgments deem fit and reasonable for the Use and Consumption of the Inhabitants of the said Island. Consumpt

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

825

All Regulations,

fee. in force relating to such Goods imported or exported, to extend to tills Act.

The Treasury may issue Orders to the Commissioners of Cuf-tomj to grant Licences for the Importation of additionaJQuan-tities of the Articles allowed to be imported, for ion in the island.

Continuance of Act, July 5* 1S01.

Wm- v, cap. lxiv.

m

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[* 1st June 1798.]

CAP. LXV.

An Act for preventing the Depasturing of Forests, Commons, and Open Fields, with Sheep or Lambs infected with the Scab or Mange, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

[21st. June 179b.]

WHEREAS there are within this Kingdom several Forests, Chafes, Woods, Moors, Marshes, Heaths, Commons, Waste Lands, and Open Fields, and other undivided and uninclosed Lands, capable of yielding great Profit, by breeding and maintaining Sheep and Lambs: And whereas several Persons interested in such Lands turn out, keep, and departure thereon Sheep and Lambs infected with a certain contagious Complaint or Disorder, commonly called "1 be Scab or Alange, by which Means such Complaint or Disorder has gradually increased, and will, if such Practice be not restrained, become general, to the great Injury not only of divers Individuals, but of the 4 Public at large, such Complaint or Disorder rendering the Flesh of such Sheep and Lambs unwhole- some, and destroying the Wool May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December in the ear of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, if any Person or Persons whosoever shall turn out, keep, or departuie, in or upon any Forest, Chale, Wood, Moor, Marsh, Heath, Common, Waste Land, Open Held, or other undivided or uninclosed Land, any Sheep or Lambs infedied with such Complaint or Disorder called Scab or Mange, or shall wilfully and knowingly turn out, keep, or departure, in or upon any such boreft. Chafe, Wood, Moor, Marsh, Heath, Common, Waste Land, Open Field, or other undivided or uninclosed Land, any Sheep or Lamb which, at any Time within the Space of six Calendar Months immediately previous thereto, shall have been infected as aforesaid, every such Person, on being thereof convicted on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or her Confession, bdore any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, DistiidI, or Place, wherein such Offence shall have been committed, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, fur every such Offence, together with all reasonable Cells and Charges attending such Conviction, such Costs and Charges to be ascertained by the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall take place \ and lo toties quoties as often as any such Sheep or Lamb shall be so turned out, kept, or depaflured-

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Owner or Owners of each and every Sheep and Lamb of he Age of three Months, which shall be turned out, kept, or depastured, on any Forest, Chale, Wood, Moor, Marsh, Heath, Common, Waile Land, Open Field, or other undivided or uninclosed Land, shall cause such Sheep and Lambs to be marked with the Initial Letters of his, her, or their Christian Name and Surname, 38 GEO. III. iO. w

From Dec. 25V 1798, if any Person shall turn out upon any Forest, tec. Sheep or Lambs having the Manger or having been within six Months infe£led therewith, he shall forte it net inert than 10l. nor kfs than 2CS. for each Offence.

every aneep Ljii.b three

Months old, turned out on any Forest, Jca. shall c a uTc thes

826

to be marked, on a Penalty not exceeding 2s. for each.

Any Person depasturing or having a Right to departure on such Forcfts, &c. may apply to a Juflics, who may order Sheep and Lambs to be driven to the next Pound, &c. and there examined, and if found to have be;-n depastured not contrary to this A £1, may order them back to the Place from whepce taken, and award Damages to the Owner j

>but if found defective, &c. shall direct :themtobe detained and marked with an S, &c. and on Demand. -delivered to the Owner, who Shall pay the

fxpences and Penalty.

Penalty on Persons destroying such Marks, and on Owners not renewing them, not more than zos. nor Jess than zs. each Sheep, Sc c.

"C. 65. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

or Christian Names and Surnames, or with such Marks with which such Sheep or LambsJiave for three preceding Years been usually marked, such Letters or Marks not being less in Length than threelnches; and in case of Neglect thereof, the Owner or Owners shall, for each and every such Sheep and Lamb not so marked, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding two Shillings, and so toties quoties, as often as any such Sheep or Lamb not so marked shall have been so turned out, kept, or depastured.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more effectually discovering the Offenders, and punishing the Offences herein mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons having Sheep or Lambs actually depasturing, or entitled to be depastured, on such Forest, Chafe, Wood, Moor, Mar(h, Heath, Common, Waste Land, Open Field, or other undivided, or uninclosed Land, who shall perceive, or have reasonable Ground or Foundation for believing, that there is or are any Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, depasturing or being in or upon the same, contrary to the Direction and Provisions of this Act, to apply to any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, District, or Place, wherein such Lands severally do lie, who, upon Complaint on Oath made thereof before him or them, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, directed to the Keeper or Keepers of the said Forests or Chafes, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or to the Petty Constable or Constables, Bailiff, Headborough, or Tything Man of any Parish, Hamlet, or Township, within or near which any such Forest, Chafe, Wood, Moor, Marsh, Heath, Common, Waste Land, Open Field, or other undivided or uninclosed Land, shall lie and be situate, or unto any other Person or Persons, who shall consent and be willing to be inserted in such Warrant or Warrant*, and shall command and empower him or them, or any of them, to take or drive all and every such Sheep and Lambs, Sheep and Lamb, to the next Pound, or to some other convenient Place, there to be examined by the Person or Persons who shall have made such Application to such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, his, her, or their Servant or Agent, and by the Person or Persons to whom the said Warrant shall be directed, any or either of them, Notice being first given six Hours at the least before such Examination shall take place, by the Person or Persons making such Complaint, or by his, her, or their Servant or Agent, to the Owner or Owners of such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, or unto his, her, or their Hind, Bailiff, or Servant, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, if any or either of them be known, and do reside in the Parish or Parishes, Hamlet or Hamlets, Township or To wnships, where such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, shall have been so found, describing the Pound or Place the same have been taken or driven to, in order that he, she, or they may, should he, she, or they judge proper, be present at such Examination; and if after such Examination it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, that such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, have or hath not been kept or depastured in or upon such Lands and Grounds, contrary to the Directions and Provisions of this Act, then and in such Case each and every such Sheep and Lamb shall be taken and driven back to the Place or Places from whence it was taken or driven previous to such Examination, and such Justice or Justices shall award such Costs, Charges, and Damages to the Owner or Owners thereof, as to him or them shall seem reasonable; and such Costs, Charges, and Damages, shall be paid by the Person or Persons making such Complaint, and shall be recovered in like Manner as any Forfeitures or Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if upon any such Examination it shall appear to*, such Justice or Justices, that any such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, have or hath been turned out, kept, or depastured, in or upon any such Lands or Grounds, infected as aforesaid, or which at any Time within the Space of six Calendar Months immediately previous thereto shall have been infected as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Justice or Justices shall and may direct the same to be impounded, detained, and kept, and to be forthwith marked on both Sides with the Letter S, (the Length of such Letter not being less than five Inches,) such Marks to be made with Pitch or Tar, or some other ad-helive Material, such as Sheep have been usually marked with in the Neighbourhood, and shall also cause the Left Ear of each such Sheep and Lamb to be cut or flit in a horizontal Line, (such Cut or Slit not exceeding the Length of one Inch,) and the same, when so marked, shall be delivered, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the taking, driving, keeping, impounding, and marking of the same, having been ascertained by such Justice or Justices, shall be paid by the Owner or Owners of such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, together with the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, for each and every such Sheep and Lamb, and such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this A<Sl are directed to be recovered j and any such Mark or Marks, when made, shall be and be deemed Evidence of the Fa& that such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, have been turned out, kept, or depastured, contrary to the Di-redTrons and Provisions of this Act, without any other Evidence whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, at any Time within the Space of six Calendar Months after any such Sheep or Lambs shall have been so marked as directed by such Justice or Justices, shall cut out, alter, or destroy the Mark herein directed to be made in the Ear of any such Sheep or Lamb, or if the Owner or Owners of any such Sheep or Lamb shall not immediately renew or cause to be renewed, in like Manner, the Mark or Marks herein directed to be made in the Side or Sides of every such Sheep and Lamb, when and as often as such Mark or Marks on the Side or Sides shall be defaced, altered, obliterated, or destroyed, by any Means whatsoever, every such Person for each and every Sheep and

A.D. 1798 Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 65.

Lamb, the said Mark in the Ear of which shall have been by him or her so cut out, altered, or destroyed, and such Owner or Owners, for each and every Sheep and Lamb, not having the said Mark or Marks oh-the Side or Sides thereof, immediately renewed as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, on Conviction, any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than two Shillings; and the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction be had, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause every such Mark so cut out, altered, defaced, obliterated, or destroyed, to be immediately renewed, and the Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, to be detained and impounded until every such Mark shall have been renewed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, so detained or impounded, shall not be demanded and taken away by the Owner or Owners thereof within five Days after the same shall have been so marked as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, District, or Place, in which such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, shall have been so detained or impounded, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seal*, to direct the same to be (old, and the Money arising by such Sale, after deducing the Costs, Charges, and Expences of taking, driving, keeping, detaining, impounding, and marking the same, shall be paid to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Hamlet, or Place where such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, shall have been so detained or impounded; and in case the Owner or Owners of such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, shall not claim such Money within twelve Calendar Months after such Payment, the same shall be applied in Aid of the Poor Rate of such Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed for any Offence against the same, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, rendering the Overplus of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale; which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, by Confession or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and one Moiety of such Penalties and Forfeitures, when so levied, shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish or Township where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied by him or them in Aid of the Poor Rate.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or against any Order of Sessions, or any Adjudication for the marking of Sheep or Lambs made, the Form of Conviction, and the Form of Adjudication for the marking of any Sheep or Lambs, shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

. t>E it remembered. That on this Day of

to wit. > -O Qf the Reign of A.B. is convicted before

of the Peace for the

of

in the Year of his Majesty's Justices by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the thirty eighth Year

827

If Sheep be not demanded within five Days after they are marked, they may be fold, and the Produce paid to the Overfetrs of the Poor, and if not claimed in ia Months, applied' in Aid of the Poor Rate.

Penalties may be levied by.

Penalties, Half to Informer and Half to

Forms of

4 Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.*

my

the Peace for the of

in the Parish of

The FORM of ADJUDICATION.

this Day of

unto of his Majesty's Justices of

respecting certain Sheep [and Lambs] detained [$r, impounded] in in the said County, by virtue of a Warrant under our Hands and Seals

JTjPON the Report upon the Oath [or> Oaths] of in the Year of our Lord made un

ar, my Hand and Seal] do hereby adjudge that such Sheep [and Lambs] belonging to A.B.

or the Owner or Owners thereof being unknown] appearing to me [$r, us] to be infected with the Scab or Mange [or, having within the Space of Months, immediately previous to the Date hereof, been

infected with the Scab or Mange] be marked forthwith according to the Directions of an Act, made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here Jet forth the Title of the Act\% Given under our Hands and Seals [or, my Hand and Seal] the Day and Year aforesaid.*

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done by or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place where such Matter of Appeal shall arile, next after the Expiration of four Calendar Months-from the Time such Matter of Appeal mail have arisen, and the Justices in such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs as they shall judge proper; and such Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties

making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the

5O2. Summons,

Adjudication;.

Persons -aggrieved may appeal to the <£uaner Session:i

Distress r.ot. deemed unlaw.

ful on account of Want of Form in Proceedings, &c.

9

i

82 8

C. 65, 66.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Tender of Amends

or Payment into Court.

Limitrtion of Actions*.

Notice.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

No Proceedings to be quashed for Want of Form, or removeable into any Court of Record at Westminster.

Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespaft'ers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties distraining; and the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case: Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action for such Irregularity, or for any Trespass or other wrongful Proceeding, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Attorney, or by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Ilfue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they, shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless ten 'Days Notice in VWiting, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, be thereof given to the Defendant or Defendants, specifying the Cause of such Action or Suit, hath been given to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County where the Cause of such Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall or may, at his, her, or their Election, plead specially, or the General Kfue, and give this Act and the special Matter ih Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or such Action or Suit shall be brought before ten Days Notice shall be given as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or her Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath in other Cases by Law.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judgment, or other Proceedings made, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Act not to extend to Scotland.

[Public Act.]

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to oe a Puolic Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and all Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same. -

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

[21ft June 1798.]

W

o much of ,6 Geo 3. c 107, t any other Atf,

1 faithful and loyal Subjects are exposed to great Hazard, and the Continuance of which must be highly prejudicial to the most important Interests of the British Empire: And whereas from an ardent Zeal for the Interests of his Majesty, and of their Country, and from an affectionate Concern for their loyal Fellow Subjects in Ireland, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Privates, of divers of his Majesty's Regiments of Militia in this Kingdom, have submitted to his Majesty the dutiful and voluntary Offer of their Services to be employed in Ireland, in Aid of his Majesty's Forces in that Kingdom, for the Suppression of the said unnatural and wicked Rebellion: And whereas it may materially conduce to the Protection and Security of his Majesty's faithful Subjects in Ireland, and also to the Defence of this Kingdom against the Designs of the Enemy, as well as to the general Interests and Security of the Br 'aish Empire, that his Majesty may be empowered to avail himself of this new and distinguished Instance of public Spirit:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the Act of the twenty-fmh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and

5 reducing

1

4 ft.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 66,67,68.

829

such Offer the Commanding O/ficer shall have if made, is purely voluntary on their Part, and

Previous to certifying any voluntary Offer f the Commanding Officer shall make such Offer.

No Place to be drawn to fill Vacanc.es wliilfl serving in Ireland.

Continuance of Act.]

England, or of any other Act or Acts now in force, as prohibits the carrying out of the Kingdom of Great Britain any Part of the Militia Forces thereof, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be suspended, in so far only as may relate to any Part of the said Forces not exceeding in the Whole twelve thousand Men, whom his Majesty may think proper to permit to serve in Ireland for the Suppression of the present Rebellion there, in consequence of such voluntary Offer as may have been or as shall be made by them to that Effect, and duly certified by their Commanding Officer. Militia to

II. Provided always, That previous to the certifi explained to the Persons making the same, that the

that no Person serving in the Militia of this Kingdom can be compelled to make such Offer, or to engage to serve out of this Kingdom, except by his own Consent so signified.

explain to the Men that they cannot be compelled to

III. Provided also, That no County, Riding, City, or Place, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be drawn to fill any Vacancy arising from the Death, Desertion, or Discharge of any such Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Soldier, belonging to such Militia Forces, whilst serving in Ireland.

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in force till the Expiration of one Calendar Month after the Day of the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to prevent the Exportation of Base Coin to His Majesty's Colonies in the West 'IS y r, Indies and America.

[21st June 1798.]

WHEREAS various Base Copper Coins made to the Resemblance and Similitude of the Foreign Copper Coins, called Tempes and Sous Maraues, have been exported from this Kingdom to the Island of Martinique in the West Indies, under the Denomination of Wrought Copper: And whereas Base Coin made to the Similitude and Resemblance of the Foreign Gold and Silver Coins, called Jo-

hannes and Dollars, have been circulated in his Majesty's Islands in the West Indies, and in other his Majesty's Colonies in America, to the great Injury of the Inhabitants of the said Islands and Colonies:’

For preventing the like and similar Evils in future, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Copper Coin whatsoever, not being the legal Copper Coin of this Kingdom, and all Counterfeit Gold or Silver Coin made to the Similitude or Resemblance, or intended to referable, any Gold or Silver Coin, either of this Kingdom or of any other Country, which shall, under any Pretence, Name, or Description whatsoever, be exported or shipped, or laden or put on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for the Purpose of being exported from this Kingdom to the said Island of Martinique, or any of his Majesty's Klands or Colonies irl the West Indies or America, shall be forfeited, and the lame shall and may be seized, sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in such Courts, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof disposed of and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of the Customs, may now be seized, sued for, prosecuted, or recovered, disposed of, and applied, either in this Kingdom, or in any of his Majesty's Islands in the

; Wtjl Indus respectively, as the Case nay happen to be. *. under the Laws resptain^Customs.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Perfo/i who shall so export, or shall so ship, lay, or put on Penalty on Per-hoard any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be so exported, or shall cause or procure to be lo exported,

shipped, or put on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or shall have in his or her Custody, in order to be so exported, any such Coin as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and double the Value of such Coin, to be recovered by Bill, Suit, Action, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for regulating the Payment, until two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after the End of the present War, of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon.

[21st June 1798.]

Copper Coin n»t being legal Coin, and counterfeit Gold or Silver Coin, exported or shipped for Exportation, to Martinique, or any of his Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies or America, shall beforfeited,

fons exporting it, &c. zool. and double the Value of the Coin.

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies have lately

imported into this Kingdom a large Quantity of Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Macc, upon which certain Duties are now chargeable according to the Weight thereof, and the Exporters of such

830

C. 68.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

The Duties on Cinnamon, Sec* imjjorted by the East India Company and now warehoused, or hereafter imported, not payable till sold at the public Sales oft he Company. Cinnamon, &c. imported by the Company may, on Entry, be landed without Payment of Duty, on being immediately warehoused after the Weight is taken.

Goods would, if such Duties had been duly paid, be entitled to certain Drawbacks upon the Exportation thereof, which Goods now remain in the Warehouses of the said United Company, under the joint Locks of his Majesty and the said United Company, without the said Duties having been paid thereon: And whereas it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, that some new Provision should be made re- spefting the Duties on the said Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, so imported and warehoused as aforesaid, and also in respect of such Goods of the same Nature, which hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be imported by the said Company :* Mav it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Part of the Duties now payable by Law, in respect of any Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, or Mace, which have been imported by the said United Company, and which, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, shall remain in their Warehouses, under the joint Locks of his Majesty and the said Company, and on which the Duties of Customs shall not have been paid, or in respect of any Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, or Macc, which hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be imported into this Kingdom by the said United Company, shall be paid, or become payable, unless and until any such Goods shall be sold at the public Sales of the said United Company, and then such Duties shall be paid thereon, and in the Manner herein after provided; any Bond or Security, Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance* thereof, all the Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, which shall be imported into this Kingdom by the said United Company, shall and may, upon the Importation thereof into this Kingdom, upon due Entry thereof, be forthwith landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been so imported, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, without Payment of any Duty whatever, except as herein is provided: Provided always, That an exact Account shall be taken of the Weight thereof, and entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and that all such Goods shall, upon landing^ be immediately lodged and secured under the joint Locks of his Majesty and of the said United Company, in such Warehouses as shall be fit for thajt Purpose, to be provided at the sole Expence of the said United Company, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any three or more of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace,

so imported by the said United Company as aforesaid, and which, on or immediately before the passing of this Act, shall remain in their Warehouses, under the joint Locks of his Majesty and the said United Company, and on which the Duties of Customs shall not have been paid, and any Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, which hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be imported into this Kingdom by the said United Company, shall, from Time to Time, be sold by the said United Company at their public Sales, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, whenever the same shall respectively be duly entered for Exportation from the Warehouses of the said Company, and not before, the Sum of two Pounds and ten Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of such Goods according to the gross Price at which such Goods shall have been respectively sold at such public Sales, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Value than one hundred Pounds; such Duty to be paid by the respective Persons who shall enter such Goods for Exportation from the said Warehouses.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if such Goods, or any Part thereof, shall be intended to be taken out of such Warehouses in which the same are or shall be lodged, to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, the Person or Persons, who shall so intend to take the same out of such Warehouses, shall, before the same shall be delivered from thence, pay to the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs the full Duties payable by Law on the Importation into Great Britain of such Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, respectively, so intended to be taken out of such Warehouse as aforesaid; provided that such Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, or such Part thereof which shall be so exported, shall be duly entered for Exportation, and regularly shipped and exported according to the Laws now in force, or which shall be in force at the Time of exporting the same, and under such Security as is now required by Law on the Exportation of Pepper from the Warehouses of the said Company.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, or Nut-

megs, on which the full Duties due and payable by Law at and immediately before the passing this Act shall have been paid, and which shall have been taken out of the Warehouse in which the same had been secured, shall be afterwards exported from this Kingdom, the Exporter or Exporters thereof shall be allowed such and the like Drawbacks as would have been allowed on the due Exportation of any such Articles respectively, in case this Act had not been made.

Cl a warcnouic, 1 1

<hail be afterwards exported, a Drawback to be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duty hereby granted shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force during the Continuance of the

present War, and from thence until the Expiration of two Months next after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after the Lad of such War,

CAP.

On Sale of such Cinnamon, &c. and Entry for Exportation, there shall be paid 2 1 10 s. per Centum of the Value j

and if taken out of Warehouses for Home Consumption, the Duties row payable on Importation shall then be paid. Cinnamon, Jfcc. to be duly entered for Exportation, &c.

If Cinnamon, &c. on which the Duties shall have been paid, and shall have been taken out of a Warehouse, Audi be aftcrwai

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Continuance of

A.D. 1798.

tricesimo

C. 69.

83*

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now T/*: " allowed by Law.

[21st June 1798.]

WHEREAS Would b,e f?r the LAdv.antage of the Manicures of Gold in this Kingdom, that Gold of an inferior Standard to what is now allowed by Law should be permitted to be used for the same: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the hrlt Day of OShber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall be lawful for any Gold-smith, or other Person making, trading, or dealing in Gold Wares in Great Britain, to work or make or cause or procure to be wrought or made, any Gold Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold whatsoever! of the Standard of eighteen Carats of F me Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, and to fell, exchange, or ex pole to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom,- any Gold Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold whatso-

ever, of the Standard of eighteen Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy; any Thine contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no Person whatever shall fell, exchange, or expose to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom, or cause or procure to be sold, exchanged, or exposed to Sale, or exported out of this Kingdom, any Gold Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold, made after the said first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of the Standard of eighteen Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy until such Vessel, Plaje, or Manufacture, shall be marked with the new Mark as follows: that is to say with the Mark of a Crown and the Figures iS, instead* of the Mark of the Lien Passant, upon Pain that every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Companies of Goldsmiths in London, Edinburgh, Birmingham, and Sheffield, and the Wardens and Assayer or Aflayers of Gold at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tyne, being respectively duly authorized according to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, to touch, assay and mark with the Mark hereinbefore directed to be used, any Gold Vessel, Gold Plate, or Manufacture of Gold’ made and wrought after the said first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight of the Standard of eighteen Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, of Gold brought to them respectively to be touched, assayed, or marked, in like Manner and under the like Regulations, except as to the Maik herein directed to be used, instead of the Mark of the Lien Passant, as they relatively are authorized by the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, to touch, assay, or mark, any Gold

Vessel, Gold Plate, or Manufacture of Gold, of the Standard of twenty-two Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy. 1

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed

to extend to prohibit the making, felling, exchanging, exposing to Sale, or exporting out of this Kinedom

any Gold Vessels, Plate, or Manufactures of Gold whatever, of the Standard of twenty-two Cams of

Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, in the Manner d.reded by any Law in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize any Person to touch, assay, or mark, with the Mark directed to be used by the Laws in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, any Gold Vessel, Gold Plate, or Manufacture of Gold, made and wrought of a lower Standard than the Standard of twenty, two Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound

Weight Troy of Gold. s ’. of tbisAa, any Gold Manufacture of lower Standard than^xfi.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, from and after the said first Day of October Penalty of 5ol. one thousand fevervhundred and ninety-eight, work or make, or cause or procure to be wrought or made, or shall fell, exchange, or expose to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom, or cause or procure to be sold, exchanged, or exposed to Sale, or exported out of this Kingdom, any Gold Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold, not being duly marked with one of the Marks by Law required, to denote one of the respective Standards of twenty-two or eighteen Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, if any Person shall forge, cast, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cast, forged, or counterfeited, the Mark or Stamp used, or directed to be used in pursuance of this Act, for the marking or stamping of Gold Plate by the Company of Goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or the Birmingham or Sheffield Company, or by the Wardens or Assayer or Assayers at Tons, Exeter, Bristol, Chester,

Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne, or any or either of them, or shall cast, forge, or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be calf, forged, or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, in Imitation of or to resemble any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, made or to be made with any Mark or Stamp used or to

SP J - f' - ij£u y.

From Oct. t, 1798, Gold may be ma no fa ft u red for Sale or Exportation of the Standard of 18 Carats In a Pound Troy.

Such manufactured Gold not to be exposed for Sale, fold, or exported, until marked, with a new Mark under this Act, on Penalty of id.

The Company of Goldsmiths in London, &c. may allay and mark such ma-nutaft ured Gold as now authorized by Law, except as to tht Mark.

Act not to prevent the manufacturing of Gold of the Standard of zz Carats in the Pound Troy: But rot to authorize the af-saying with the Mark used be-

for making, felling, or exporting manufactured Gold not marked with one of the Marks

required by Law.

Persons counterfeiting Marks, &c. or felling, or exporting Articles with such counterfeit Marks, &c. or being wilfully poffeircd ol such

V

832

counterfeit Marks, &c. to be transported

for seven Years.

Manufactured Gold of the Standard of 28 Carats in a Pound Troy, to be afiayed, &c. except a* to the Mark, as manufactured Gold of the Standard of 2,2 Carats, and to be subject to the like Regulations.

c. 26.

C. 69,70. Anno tricesimo cxftavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

be used as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London ox Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield Companies, or by the said Wardens or Aflayer or Aflayers, or any or either of them, or shall mark or (lamp, or cause or procure to be marked or stamped, any wrought Plate of Gold, or any Wares of Silver, Brass, or other Metal, gilt over and resembling Plate of Gold, with any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, at any Time, (either before, on, or after, the said first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,) in Imitation of or to resemble any Mark cr Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield Companies, or by the said Wardens or Aflayer or Aflayers, or any or either of them, or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from one Piece of wrought Plate to another, or to any Vessel of Silver, Brass, or other Metal, as aforesaid, any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, made or to be made by or with any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield Companies, or by the said Wardens or Aflayer or Aflayers, or any or either of them, or shall fell, exenange, or expole to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom, any wrought Plate of Gold, or any Vessel of Silver, Brass, or other Metal as aforesaid, with any such forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp, or Impression thereon, or any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, which hath been or shall be transposed or removed from any other Piece of Plate, knowing such Mark, Stamp, or Impression, to be forged, counterfeited, or transposed, or removed as aforesaid, or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be pofllfled of any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, in Imitation of and to resemble any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham and Sheffield Companies, or by the said Wardens or Aflayer or Aflayers, or any or either of them, every such Person offending in any such or either of the Cases aforesaid, being thereoflaw-fully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to such Parts beyond the Seas, as his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall direct, for the Space of seven Years.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Gold Vessels, Plate, and Manufactures of Gold whatever, of the Standard of eighteen Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, shall be touched, allayed, and marked with the several Marks directed to be used by this Act, or by any Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, in the marking of Gold Vessels, Plate, or Manufactures of Gold, except the Mark of the Lien Passant, by the like Persons, at such Places, and under such Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Regulations, and shall have and be under such Provisoes, Exemptions, Qualifications, and Conditions, and shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and to the like Payments and Rewards, Subtractions and Detentions, for or upon touching, assaying, and marking the same, as Gold Vessels, Plate, and Manufactures of Gold, of the Standard of twenty-two Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, may or ought to be touched, allayed, and marked, with the Marks required by the Laws in force as aforesaid, or have, or are subject or liable to by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second *, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Geld and Silver Wares, or by any Act or Acts therein recited or referred to, or by any ether Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, with relation to Gold Plate wrought, made, or sold in, or exported out of this Kingdom; and that all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Methods, Clauses, and all other Matters and Things preferred or appointed by the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, or by any Act or Acts therein recited or referred to, or by any other Act or Acts with relation to wrought Gold Plate or Manufactures of Gold of the Standard of twenty-two Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, and in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, (except where other Provisions are exprolsly made by this Act,) shall be observed, practised, applied, and put in Execution for the working, making, touching, and assaying, all Gold Vessels, Plate, and Gold Manufactures of the Standard of eighteen Carats of P ine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, and in and for the making the same according to the Directions of this Act, and in and for the felling, exchanging, exposing to Sale, and exporting the same, or any of them; and in and for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred against the P'orm of the said Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the said several Powers, Authorities, Rules, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Methods, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and had herein been expressly applied to such Gold Vessels, Plate, and Manufactures of the Standard of eighteen Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy respectively. i j

CAP. LXX.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

[21st June 1798.]

Statutes 35 Geo. 3. c. 35.5 36 Geo. 3. r. 116. 37 Geo. 3. c. h6.—This Act to continue till March 35> 1799.] TlSmi
---
A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 71. 833

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Casts of Buds, and other Things therein mentioned.

[21st June 1798.]

'WHEREAS divers Persons have, by their own Genius, Industry, Pains, and Expence, improved and brought the Art of making new Models and Casts of Busts, and of Statues of Human Figures, and of Animals, to great Perfection, in Hopes to have reaped the sole Benefit of their Labours; but that divers Persons have (without the Consent of the Proprietors thereof) copied and made Moulds from the said Models and Casts, and sold base Copies and Casts of such new Models and Casts, to the great Prejudice and Detriment of the original Proprietors, and to the Discouragement of the Art of making such new Models and Casts as aforesaid:' For Remedy whereof, and for preventing such Practices for the future, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The sole Right and Property of making Models or Casts shall be vested in the original Proprietor for 14 Years.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall make or cause to be made any new Model, or Copy or Cast made from such new Model, of any Bust, or any Part of the Human Figure, or any Statue of the Human Figure, or the Head of any Animal, or any Part of any Animal, or the Statue of any Animal; or shall make or cause to be made any new Model, Copy, or Cast from such new Model, in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any Work in which the Representation of any Human Figure or Figures, or the Representation of any Animal or Animals shall be introduced, or shall make or cause to be made any new Cast from Nature of any Part or Parts of the Human Figure, or of any Part or Parts of any Animal, shall have the sole Right and Property in every such new Model, Copy, or Cast, and also in every such new Model, Copy, or Cast in Alto or Basso Believo, or any Work as aforesaid, and also in every such new Cast from Nature as aforesaid, for and during the Term of fourteen Years from the Time of first publishing the same: Provided always, That every Person who shall make or cause to be made any such new Model, Copy, or Cast, or any such new Model, Copy, or Cast in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any Work as aforesaid, or any new Cast from Nature as aforesaid, shall cause his or her Name to be put thereon, with the Date of the Publication, before the same shall be published and exposed to Sale.

[Persons making Copies of any Model or Cast, without the written Consent of the Proprietor, may be prosecuted for Damages, by a special Action on the Case.]

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, within the said Term of fourteen Years, make or cause to be made any Copy or Cast of any such new Model, Copy, or Cast, or any such Model, Copy, or Cast in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any such Work as aforesaid, or any such new Cast from Nature as aforesaid, either by adding to or diminishing from any such new Model, Copy, or Cast, or adding to or diminishing from any such new Model, Copy, or Cast in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any such Work as aforesaid, or adding to or diminishing from any such new Cast from Nature, or shall cause or procure the same to be done, or shall import any Copy or Cast of such new Model, Copy, or Cast, or Copy or Cast of such new Model, Copy, or Cast in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any such Work as aforesaid, or any Copy or Cast of any such new Cast from Nature as aforesaid, for Sale, or shall sell or otherwise dispose of, or cause or procure to be sold or exposed to Sale, or otherwise disposed of, any Copy or Cast of any such new Model, Copy, or Cast, or any Copy or Cast of such new Model, Copy, or Cast in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any such Work as aforesaid, or any Copy or Cast of any such new Cast from Nature as aforesaid, without the express Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof first had and obtained, in Writing signed by him, her, or them respectively, with his, her, or their Hand or Hands, in the Presence of and attested by two or more credible Witnesses, then and in all or any of the Cases aforesaid, every Proprietor or Proprietors of any such original Mode), Copy, or Cast, and every Proprietor or Proprietors of any such original Model, or Copy or Cast in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any such Work as aforesaid, or the Proprietor or Proprietors of any such new Cast from Nature as aforesaid respectively, shall and may, by and in a special Action upon the Case, to be brought against the Person or Persons so offending, recover such Damages as a Jury on the Trial of such Action, or on the Execution of a Writ of Enquiry thereon, shall give or assess, together with full Costs of Suit.

[Except such Persons who shall purchase the same of the original Proprietor.]

III. Provided nevertheless, That no Person who shall hereafter purchase the Right, either in any such Model, Copy, or Cast, or in any such Model, Copy, or Cast in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any such Work as aforesaid, or any such new Cast from Nature, of the original Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, shall be subject to any Action for vending or selling any Cast or Copy from the same; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

[Limitation of Actions.]

IV. Provided also, That all Actions to be brought as aforesaid, against any Person or Persons for any Offence committed against this Act, shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Discovery of every such Offence, and not afterwards.

834 c. 72, 73. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

[21st June 1798.]

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale of Butter; and to repeal certain Acts relating thereto.

[21st June 1798.]
---
36 Geo. 3. c.S6.

Persons making Vessels for packing Butter, shall brand them with theii Naaie and Place of Abode.

Penalty for

Default, 10s.

Penalty on Fadors for buying or selling, See Bauer in Vessels not legally marked, *oa.

Penalty on Dealers having in their Poss f. lien Butter in Vessels not legally marked,

MS.

Penalties to be recovered and applied as they may be under

recited Act, &c.

Commencement of Act, Sept 1, I79&* Act not to extend to Scotland.

WHEREAS, to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale of Butter, various

Provisions were made by a Statute passed in the thirty-rtxth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packingr Weight, and Sale of Butter \ and 1 to repeal certain Atls relating the reto: And whereas the said Act is very much avoided determined by concealing the 1 Places of Abode of the Coopers making Vessels for Butter, and of the Dairymen or other Packers of But- ter for Sale, and by the Want of some Provirtpn to make the haftors or Agents for buying and selling Butter, and all'o the Cheesemongers and other Persons felling Butter on their own Account, responsable for transacting the Sale of Butter in Vessels not made as the said Act requires be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Cooper or other Person making a Vessel for the packing of Butter, being a Veil'd within the Regulations of the Act hereinbefore recited, before his or her suffering any such Vessel to go out of his or her Possession, shall, on the Bottom of such Vessel, on the Outside, with an Iron, in Addition to his or‘her Christian Name and Surname as the said Act requires, brand the Name of his or her Place of Abode or Dwelling, in permanent and legible Letters, in Manner following; (videlicet,) If he or she shall dwell in a City or Market Town, or within the County of such City or the Parish of such Market Town, then the Name of such City or Market Town; and if he or she shall dwell in a Village, Township, Liberty, Hamlet, or other Subdwifion of any Parish, then the Name of the Parish wherein such Village, Township, Liberty* Hamlet, or other Subdivision shall be so situate; and if he or she shall dwell in an extra-parochial Place, then the Name of the next adjoining Parish to which such extra-parochial Place shall be situate; or in Default of branding such his or her Place of Abode in Manner before directed, he or she, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings. ilVH

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Factor or Agent for buying or selling Butler fur others, who shall buy or fell, or offer for Sale, or shall, for the Purpose of Sale, have in his orherCustody, Power* or Possession, any Vessel containing Butter, or shall order, consign, forward, or fend, or shall cause to be ordered, consigned, forwarded, or sent, any Vessel containing Butter for Sale, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, which Vessel containing such Butter shall not be made and externally marked, and have the Butter therein imprinted according to the Directions of this Act, and of the Act hereinbefore recited, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and pay tneSum of twenty Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person being a Cheesemonger, or otherwise a Seller or Dealer in Butter on his or her own Account, who shall offer for Sale, or shall, for the Purpose of Sale, have in his or her Custody, Power, or Possession, any Vessel containing such Butter* which Vessel containing such Butter shall not be externally marked according to the Directions of this Act, and of the Act hereinbefore recited, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings*

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties imposed by this Act shall be respectively sued for, levied, raised, and applied, in such Manner and Form, and with, oy, under, and subject to the same Methods, Limitations, and Provisions, as are prescribed in the Act hereinbefore recited concerning the respective Penalties and Forfeitures thereby imposed; and all Persons who shall be sued or proceeded against for any Thing done in pursuance or under Colour of this Act, shall be within Benefit of the same Provision as is contained in the Act hereinbefore recited in respect to Persons acting under the same*

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and begin to be in Force on the first Day

of September in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. fSOSHfr

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act (haM extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 74.

83'S

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the

Defence of the Kingdom during the present War.—{21st June 179#.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part a/Great Britain called England, it is provided that nothing therein contained should extend to the Miners in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, but that the Warden of the Stannaries, in pursuance of his Majesty's Commission in that Behalf, and such as he should commissionate and authorize under him,

should have and use the like Powers, and array, artefs, arm, mutter, and exercise the said Miners, within the Taid Counties, or either of them, as hath been theretofore used/and according to the ancient Privileges and Customs of the said Stannaries, and the like Provision had been made by divers former Acts of Parliament concerning the Militia: And whereas, by reason of the Length of Time which elapsed since any Commission hath illucd to the Warden of the Stannaries aforesaid, to array, artefs, arm, muster, and ex- ercife the said Miners, great Difficulties might occur in the Execution of such Commission, and it is there- fore expedient that Provision should be made for arming, arraying, and exercising a certain Proportion of such Miners, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty may, from Time to Time as Occarton shall require, ifiiie his Commission to the Warden of the Stannaries of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, giving him Power and Authority during his Majesty's Pleasure, and such Warden is hereby, according to such Commission, authorized and required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such Miners, in such Numbers and in such Manner as herein after is directed; and the said Warden shall constitute and appoint, from Time to Time, such Persons as he shall think fit, being qualified as herein after mentioned, to be his Deputy Wardens for the special Purposes of this Act, the Names of such Persons having first been presented to and approved by his Majesty; and the said Warden shall also appoint such Field Officers and other Officers as herein after directed, qualified as herein after^ mentioned, to train and discipline, and command the Miners, so to be armed and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions after mentioned, and shall certify to his Majesty the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so to be appointed; and if his Majesty shall, within fourteen Days after such Certificate shall have been laid before him, signify his Disapprobation of any of the Persons ib to be appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said Warden to grant a Commission to any Person so disapproved, but Commissions shall be granted by the said Warden to all such Persons so to be appointed as shall not be disapproved by his Majesty, and the Officers so appointed shall rank with the Militia Officers of this Kingdom, according to the Dates of their respective Commissions, and with all Officers of his Majesty's Forces, in the same Manner as the said Militia Officers a/e entitled to rank; and the Commissions so to be granted by the said Warden shall not be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of his Majesty's Commission to the said Warden: Provided always neverthelefe, That if any Warden of the said Stannaries, to whom his Majesty shall have issued his Commission as aforesaid, shall be removed from, or resign his Office of Warden of the said Stannaries, and cease to be Warden of the said Stannaries, the said Commission issued to the said Warden for the Purposes aforesaid, and all and every the Pov/ers and Authorities veiled in such Warden by virtue of such Commission, and of this A<Sl, shall ccafe

and determine., '

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden shall constitute and appoint twelve Special Deputy Wardens at the lead for the Purposes of this Act, if so many Persons can be found qualified as herein after directed, that is to say, every such Person so to be appointed a Special Deputy Warden shall be qualified in the same Manner as Deputy Lieutenants are required to be qualified by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, in the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon; and every Person so to be appointed a Special Deputy Warden shall take and subscribe the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe, the Declaration required to be taken, made, repeated, and subscribed, by such Deputy Lieutenants, by virtue of the said hit of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, changing only what ought to be

changed., i,

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said

'Counties respectively, together with one or more Special Deputy Warden or Deputy Wardens, to do all Matters and Things in the Execution of this Act, which might be done by a like Number of Special Deputy Wardens, in the same Manner as Justices of the Peace are authorized to act with Deputy Lieutenants in executing the Laws concerning the Militia.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden shall, from Time to Time, appoint a Clerk of the General Meetings to be holden as herein after dire<Sted, and may displace such Clerk if he shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and the Special Deputy Wardens within their respective Subdivisions, or the major Part of those present at any Subdivision Meeting, shall also, from Time to Time, appoint a Clerk for their Subdivisions, and may displace such Clerk as they, or the major Part of them, shall

5 P a think

26 Geo. 3. Cap. 107.

§ 109. recited.

His Majesty may authorize the Warden of the Stannaries to call out the

Warden to appoint hi* Deputies and Officers,

tec. with his Majesty's Ap- probation.

Officers to rank with Militia Officers.

Commissions not vacated by the Revocation or Expiration of the Warden’s Commission.

Warden to appoint Special Deputy Wardens, who shall be qualified as, and take the Oath prescribed to Deputy Lieutenant* undera6 Geo. 3. c. X07.

Justices with Deputy Wardens may atL

Warden to appoint a Clerk of the General Meetings, and Deputy Wardens a Clerk for their Sub* divisions.

836

Their Feel.

C. 74.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Number of Men to be raised to be One seventh vfthofe liable to be ballotted lor.

Meetings to be Holden, of which 14 Days previous Notice shall be given.

General Meeting may summon other Meetings.

First General N Meeting to ap-

poirifSubdivi-

fi6n Meetings,'

&c.

First Gem ral Meeting to issue Orders to the Chief Court a bles, &c. to return to the Special Deputy Wardens Lists of Miners between 18 and 45 Years old.

Copies of Lifts to be affixed on the Church Door.

Appeals when to be made.

Constables to attend 10 verify Lifts.

Subdivisions to hear Appeals, &c.'

No Person above 18 Years old to be /truck oft the Lifts as not b.ing a privileged Miner, if left out of the Militia Lift last returned

think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and such Clerk of such General Meetings shall be paid five Guineas for every General Meeting, and such Clerks of Subdivision Meetings shall be oaid one Guinea for every Subdivision Meeting; such Fees to be paid by the Receiver General of the Land Tax in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon respectively; and such Clerks shall receive no other Fee or Reward

whatsoever. y. Si It*:jjr - ffiSrV

V. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be One-seventh Part of the Number of Persons who shall appear to be liable to be ballotted to serve in pursuance of this Actj as herein after directed. v‘T t-vi tf '*

(See §8. 12.)

VI. And be it further enacted, That General Meetings of the said Wardenand Special Deputy Wardens shall be holden at the most convenient Towns of the Counties of Cornwall and Devon respectively, and such Meeting shall consist of the Warden and two Special Deputy Wardens at the least, or on the Death, Removal, or Absence, of the Warden, of three Special Deputy Wardens at the least, and Notice thereof shall be given fourteen Days at the least before the Day of any such Meeting, infome Newspaper or Newt* papers usually circulated in the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon reflectively; and such General Meeting shall and may summon other Meetings, and be adjourned in the same Manner as General Meetings of Lieutenancy may be summoned and adjourned, by virtue of the Laws in force concerning the Militia Forces of that Part of Great Britain called England.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden and Special Deputy Wardens, or such of them as shall be present at the first General Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, in each of the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon, shall appoint the Teveral Subdivision Meetings which shall be held within the four Stannaries of Blackmore, Foymore, Tywarnbaite Penivith, and Kerricr respectively, for the County of Cornwall, and within the four Stannaries of Chagford, Ashburton, Plympton, and Tavi/lock, for the County of Devon; which Subdivision Meetings shall consist of two Special Deputy Wardens, or one Special Deputy Warden and one Justice of the Peace for the County within which such Subdivision Meeting shall be holden; and such Subdivision Meetings shall have the like Powers and Authorities for the Purposes of this Act, as the Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy have for the Purposes of the several General Acts concerning the Militia Forces of England.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, at the first General Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act in each of the said Counties, the said Warden and Special Deputy Wardens respectively, present at each of such Meetings, shall issue their Orders to the Chief Constables, and, where there is no Chief Con-ftuble, to some other Officer of the Hundred or other Division, within the said Counties respectively, where Miners do dwell, requiring every such Chief Constable or other Officer to issue an Order, under his Hand, to all Constables, Tythingmen, and other Officers of every Parish, Tything, or Place, within the said Hundreds, or other Divisions respectively where Miners do dwell, to return to the Special Deputy Wardens, within their respective Subdivisions, at the Places and at the Times to be appointed for that Purpose, full and true Lifts, in Writing, of all and every the Miners dwelling within their respective Parishes and Places, between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five Years, distinguishing their respective Occupations as Miners, and where the true Names and Descriptions of such Miners cannot be procured, their common Appellations shall be sufficient, and distinguishing which of such Persons so returned labour under any Infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving in pursuance of this Act, and having first affixed a true Copy of the Lift intended to be (o returned on the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to every such Parish or Place, or if any such Parish or Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto, then on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place adjoining, on some Sunday Morning before such Return shall be made, which shall be three Days at the least befoje the Meeting appointed for receiving such Return; and having also written at the Bottom of such Copy so affixed on the Door of such Church or Chapel, Notice of the Day and Place of such Meeting; and that all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved may then appeal, and that no Appeal will afterwards be received; and at the Days and Places so to be appointed for the Returns of such Lists, the Constables, Tythingmen, and other Officers respe£Hvely, shall attend and verify the same upon Oath; and the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any two or more of them, or any Special Deputy Warden and one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, assembled in their respective Subdivisions, shall proceed to hear Appeals, and amend such Lists, and cause Duplicates of such amended Lifts to be made, and otherwise to act therein in the same Manner as Deputy Lieutenants and Justices are authorized to proceed in the like cases, with respetft to the Returns of Men to be ballotted for the Militia in England.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be struck off the said Lifts upon Appeal, on Pretence that such Person is not a privileged Miner, if such Person, being above the Age of eighteen Years, was left out of the Lift last returned under the Laws concerning the Militia Forces of England, for the Parish or Place where he relided as a privileged Miner, and unless such Person shall upon Oatn, or Affirmation, (if a Quaker,) declare that he was not left out of such List by reason of his being a privileged Miner, but by Mistake or Neglect, or for some other Cause.

as one.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 74.

837'

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable, Tythingman, or other Officer, shall wilfully omit

or neglect to insert in any such List the Name of any Person which ought to be inserted therein, every such Constable, Tythingman, or other Officer, shall forfeit and Iofe, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the said Special Wardens to collect and amend the said Lifts, and discover whether all the Names have been inserted which ought to have been inserted therein, the said Special Deputy Wardens shall, if they shall think fit, issue their Precept to the Chief Captain

Penalty of 20l. fer omitting Names in lifts.

sy,

they shall see fit, a true Lift of all the working Miners employed in or about the Hufiness of such Mine, Blowing House, or Smelting House, and deferihing their Occupations as Miners, and where they respectively dwell; and if any such Captain or Agent (hill wilfully omit or neglect to insert in such List the Name of any Person which ought to be inserted therein, such Captain or Agent shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

Special Wardens may require Chic* Captains of Mines, or Agents of Blowing Houses, to return Lists of the Miners employed, &c.

Penalty of 50l. for omitting

XII. And be it further enacted, That after such Return shall have been made, and such Lists amended and made complete as aforesaid, the said Special Deputy Wardens, within their respective Subdivisions, shall, at Subdivision Meetings to be holden for that Purpose, appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Subdivision, that is to say, one Man in seven for all the-Men contained in the amended Lifts for such Subdivision; and shall further proceed to appoint what Number of Menfo to be appointed to serve for such Subdivision shall serve for each Parish and Place within such Subdivision, in Proportion to the Numbers appointed to serve for such Subdivision; and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within the same ubdivision, as soon as conveniently may be, and within three Weeks from the Day of the prior Meeting,

and shall issue an Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the respective Hundreds and Places within such Subdivisions, requiring them to give Notice to the Constable, Tythingman, or other Officer of every Parish or Place within their respective Hundreds and Places, of the Time and Place of the next Subdivision Meeting; and the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any two of them, at such Subdivision Meeting, shall cause the Number of Men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by Ballot out of the Duplicate of the Lift returned for every Parish and Place, and amended as aforesaid, in the same Manner as Men are chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia in England; and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden in the same Subdivision, as soon as conveniently may be, and within three Weeks after such prior Meeting, aftd shall issue an Order to the Chief Constables, or other Officers of the several Hundreds or Places within such Subdivision, to direct the Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place to give Notice to each Man so chosen to serve as aforesaid, to appear at such Meeting (o to be appointed, which Notice shall be given to him, or left at his Place of Abode, at least seven Days before such Meeting; and such Constable or other Officer shall attend such Meeting, and make a Return on Oath of the Service of such Notice; and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and there take the following Oath; that is to say,

4 t J. B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George; and I do swear, That I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of Miners of the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the present War, and for the Space of six Calendar Months after the End thereof.’

And every such Person shall be enrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the said Regiment during the present War, and for the Space of six Calendar Months after the End

thereof.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person so chosen by Ballot may produce a Substitute, who, if approved, may be enrolled and sworn in the same Manner as Substitutes may be sworn and enrolled in the Case of Men chosen by Ballot to serve in the Supplementary Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if through any Neglect or Mistake, or from any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed for any Subdivision should not be duly enrolled at the Meeting appointed for that Purpose, then the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any two or more of them, at their said Meeting, or at some subsequent Meeting, are hereby required immediately to proceed to a fresh Ballot, and to adjourn their Meeting, and appoint other Meetings, and amend the Lifts, and repeat the amending of Lifts as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution, in the same Manner as Deputy Lieutenants may do for the like Purposes by the Laws in force concerning the **

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for anyone Special Deputy Warden or Justice of the Peace to administer the Oath hereinbefore required to be taken, either to any Person ballotted, or to any Person who shall offer to serve as a Substitute; and such Special Deputy Warden, or Justice of the Peacev is hereby authorized to direct and require the Clerk of the Subdivision for which every such Person is to

Names in such Lists.

After Lifts are completed, Spe-

Sial Wardens lall at Subdivision Meetings I appoint the Number of Men to ftrvc for each Subdivision, and for each Place therein, and appoint another Meeting within three Weeks for choosing the Men by Ballot, &c.

and another within 3 Weeks after, when the Men chosen shall appear and take the following

Oath;

and be carolled

Person s ballotted may produce Substitutes, who may be enrolled.

If the full Number of Men lor any Subdivision shall not be enrolled, afrelh Ballot to be taken.

s, 1

A Deputy Warden or Justice may administer Oaths, and di* 1 i the Clerk to enrol the Persons fworo.

8)8

Persons chosen by Ballot not appearing or providing Sub-Aitutes, shall forfeit i $1. and be liable to serve on a new Fallot, and if Penalty be not paid; shall be compellable to serve, or treated as Deserters.

Quakers bailot-ted, to be proceeded with as Quakers badot-ted for the Militia.

Lists of two Places, may be

added together.

If Lifts be loft, dec. the Deputy Wardens mty causenew Lifts to be made out.

EstablWhment of the Regiment.

The Warden may be the Colonel.

The Officers to have the same

Qualification as

for the Supple-mentaryMilitia, under 37 Geo. 3. c. 3. &c.

His Majesty may appoint an Adjutant from the Regulars, the Militia, or the Volunteer Corps.

The Colonel to appoint a Regimental Clerk to act as Pay-

master. r

The Serjeants, Corporals, and Di ummers to be appointed as to Militia Regiments.

C. 74.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

serve, to enrol in the Roll of such Subdivision the Name of such Person, together with the Day on which the said Oath was so administered to such Person.- l

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot as aforesaid shall refuse or neglecto appear, and take the Oath aforesaid, and serve in the said Regiment, or provide a Substitute, who shall take the said Oath and be enrolled according to the Provisions herein contained, every such Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifteen Pounds, and be liable, whenever a Ballot shall again take place under the Authority of this Act, to serve in the said Regiment, or provide a Substitute; and in Default of Payment of such Penalty as aforesaid, or for Want of sufficient Effects whereon to levy the same, the Name of such Person shall be entered on the Roll, and such Person shall be delivered over to the proper Officer of the Regiment, and shall be compelled to serve in the said Regiment in the same Manner as if he had appeared, and been duly sworn and enrolled, and shall be subject to the facAe Punishment for afterwards absconding or deserting, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared, and been duly sworn and enrolled: Provided always, That if any Person so ballotted to serve in the said Regiment shall be one of the People called Quakers, the same Proceedings shall be had with respect to such Person as may be had with respect to a Quaker ballotted to serve in the Militia in England; and all and every the Provisions with respect to the People called Quakers in the several Acts concerning the Militia Forces of England, shall be cairicd into Execution in the levying of Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, in the same Manner, and as fully and amply as if the same had been repeated and enacted inlhe Body of this Act.

Wardens,

two ormoreof them, within their respective Subdiviuons, to add together the Lists of two or more Parishes or Places within such Subdivision, and proceed upon such Lists added together in the same Manner as if such Lists had been originally returned for one Parish or Place, so as to make the Choice of Men by Ballot within every Parish and Place in each Subdivision as equal as possible.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Lift of any Parish or Place shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any two or more of them, to cause a new Lift of such

iny

Ms

upon

Lift so lost or destroyed if the same had not been lost or destroyed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Regiment shall consist of so many Companies (the Num-

ber of Men not being less than sixty Men in each Company) as his Majesty shall direct; and the Field Officers of such Regiment shall he one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, two Majors, and no more un* less the private Men ballotted to serve in the said Regiment, and sworn and enrolled, shall exceed twelve hundred Men, in which Case the said Regiment shall be formed into two Battalions, each Battalion having two Field Officers; that is to say, one Lieutenant Colonel and one Major, and the two Battalions shall form one Regiment, to be commanded by the Colonel; and there shall also be one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign to each Company, such Companies containing sixty Men at the least in each Company: Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Regiment to have one Company of Grenadiers and one of Light Infantry, to each of which Companies two Lieutenants shall be appointed instead of a Lieutenant and Ensign; and it shall be lawful for the said Warden, if he shall think fit, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to trethe Colonel of the said Regiment, instead of appointing another Person to be Colonel thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant Colonel or Lieutenant Colonels, and other OflL

bo lied, in case of NecrjJily, for the Defence of these Kingdoms; or by any other Act of Parliament rejecting the Supplementary Militia, is required for Officers of the Tame Rank serving in the said Supplementary Militia for the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may appoint one proper Person, or in case the said Regiment shall be formed into two Battalions, two proper Persons, who shall have served, or shall, at the Time of such Appointment, actually serve in some of his Majesty's Forces,'or in some Body of Militia, or some Volunteer Corps, to be Adjutant or Adjutants of the said Regiment; and such Adjutant or Adjutants shall and may have the like Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages, as an Adjutant appointed to any Body of Militia is entitled to by the Liws now in force concerning the Militia.

XX.I. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel of the said Regiment shall appoint a Regimental Clerk, or in case the said Regiment shall be divided into two Battalions, shall appoint two Battalion Clerks who shall execute the Office of Paymaster or Paymasters, in the same Manner, and with the like Benefits! as Persons appointed to the like Offices by the Colonels or Commanding Officers of Regiments or Battalions of Militia.

Regiments; ai

nd Drummers shall be appointed Drummers, are appointed to Mil

Serjeants and Corporals shall take the kme Oath to ieeve in the find Regiment or

839

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 74, 75, 76.

Miners as Serjeants and Corporals of Militia are, by the said Act of the twenty-sixth of his Majesty's Reign, reauired to take to serve in the Militia, changing only what ought to be changed.

aXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and in any other Act of Parliament concerning the Militia Forces of England, for holding the several General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy of the several Counties and Places therein mentioned, and appointing new or other Meetings, and for procuring and compelling Returns, and proceeding thereon, and for ballotting Men to serve in the said Militia; and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act of Parliament now in force relative to the raising, training, embodying, and calling out the said Militia, or providing for the Families of Militia Men called out, or in any Act respecting the paying, cloathing, or fubnding the Militia, or touching the billetting the said Militia, or otherwise touching such Militia, shall be applied, practised, and put in execution with respect to the Regiment hereby directed to be raised, in as full and ample Manner as if all and every such Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, and Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things had been again repeated and enacted in this Act, so far as the same respectively are applicable to the Provisions of this Act, and are not repugnant to or altered thereby.

XXV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That all and every the Sums of Money which, according to the Provisions made by Law for the Maintenance of the Families of Militia Men, and by virtue of this Act, shall be paid for the Maintenance of the Families of Men serving in pursuance of this Act, and all and every the Bounties to be paid under this Act, shall be repaid to every such Parish or Place out of the general Rates of the County by the Treasurer of the County in which such Parish or Place shall happen to be, in pursuance of any Order by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be made for that furpose.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

[21st June 179&.J

[Sum to be raised 667,916l. 131.4*/. Amount of Prizes 500.000l. Number of Tickets 50,000. 17,074 Prizes (viz* three of 20,000l. four of 10,000l. five of 5000l. five of 2000l. ten of 1000l. fifteen of 500l. thirty of 100l. one hundred of 50/ sixteen thousand nine hundred of 20l. the first-drawn Blank 1000l. and the first-drawn Blank on the last Day of drawing 500l.) Lottery to begin drawing Feb. 11, 1799. Price of Tickets 13l. 7 s. id. Tickets to begin delivering July 27, 1798. Prizes to be paid Aug. 1, 1799 <A1 other Rejpetts the Ail is the same as that of the preceding Sej[iony Cap. 113.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for the better Profeftion of the Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the preliminary Articles of Peace.

[28th June 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it will add to the Security of Trade to prevent Ships failing without Convoy, except in- certain cases: And whereas it is expedient that certain Duties should be imposed, in order tode- fray the extraordinary Expence arising from the Protection given to the increased and extensive Commerce of these Kingdoms: We, therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled. have resolved to grant to your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned; and for the Purposes aforesaid, beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,’ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects (except as is herein after provided) to fail or depart from any Port or Place whatever, unless under the Convoy and Protection or such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vedels, as shall or may be appointed for that Purpose.

tided) to fail without Convoy. (See §6. 8. ia./c

II. And be it further enacted, That the Mader or other Person having the Charge or Command of every frich Ship or Vessel which shall fail or depart under the Protection of Convoy, shall and is hereby required to use his utmod Endeavours to continue with such Convoy during the Whole of the Voyage, or during Inch Part thereof as such Convoy shall be directed to accompany and protect such Ship or Vessel, and shall not wilfully separate or depart therefrom upon any Pretence whatever, without Order or Leave for that Purpose from the Officer having the Command of such

The Provisions of z6 G«». 3. c. 107. and other A£h concerning the Miliria Force* in England, for holding Meetings, &c. to extend to this Act, so tar as app.icable.

Maintenance of Men’s Families, and Bounties, under this All, to be repaid out of the County Rates.

From July 5, 1798, no Velfct belonging to his Majesty's Subjects (except a* herein pro-r the Exceptions.)

M fters of VelfUs not to separate from Convoy without Leave.

If a Matter fails without Convoy, or fe-paratrs from it without Leave, he ttwU forfeit > xocol., and if any Part of the Carco be Naval or Military Stores, 1500L

Penalty may be mitigated.

iFf a Vessel fail without Convoy, or separate from it without Leave, the Insurances shall be void with respect to the Property of the Matter or any Person interested who is privy to the Offence; and if any Person shall transact a Settlement thereon, or allow any Money on Account of Loss, he shall forfeit 200l.

Officers of the Customs not to permit Vessels to be cleared Outwards, until the Matter has given Bond not to fail without Convoy, and not to separate from it.

Act not to extend to Ships not required to be registered;

norto Ships licenced by the Admiralty,&c.;

hor to Ships proceeding to join Convoy;

nor to Ships hound to or from Ireland;

nor to Coasters;

nor to Ships of the East India or Hudson’i Bay Company.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel which by this Act is required not to fail or depart without Convoy, shall, contrary to the Directions contained in this Act, fail or depart from any Port or Place whatever (except as herein after is provided) without such Convoy as shal) be appointed for that Purpose, or shall afterwards desert or Wilfully separate or depart from such Convoy without Leave obtained from the Captain or other Officer in his Majesty's Navy, entrusted with the Charge of such Convoy, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at the Port or Place of her Destination, or so far on her Voyage as such Convoy shall be directed to accompany and protect such Ship or Vessel, every such Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one thousand Pounds; and in case the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of any such Ship or Vessel shall conflft of Naval or Military Stores, every Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel so loaden with Naval or Military Stores, who shall fail or depart without such Convoy as aforesaid, or shall afterwards desert, or wilfully separate or depart from such Convoy without Leave obtained as aforesaid, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds: Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for the Court out of which the Record for the Trial of any Action or Suit for the Recovery of any such Penalty shall issue, to mitigate or lessen the same as the said Court in their Discretion shall think fit, having Regard to the Circumstances of the Case and the Value of the Ship and Cargo, so as by such Mitigation the’ Penalty be not made less than fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Ship or Vessel shall fail or depart without Convoy, or shall afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from such Convoy, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, every Policy of Insurance, or Contract or Agreement for any Insurance upon such Ship or Vessel, or upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, laden or to be laden on board thereof, or upon any Property, Freight, or other Interest arising out of the same, whereon Insurances may lawfully be made, (and whoh shall be the Property of the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel so failing without Convoy, or wilfully quitting the same, or of any Person interested in such Ship or Vessel, or Cargo, who shall have directed, or have been any way privy to, or instrumental in, causing such Ship or Vessel to (ail without Convoy, or wilfully fe para ting therefrom,) shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes, both at Law and in Equity, any Contract or Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding j and that nothing shall be recovered thereon by the Afllired for Loss or Damage, or for the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, which shall have been given for such Insurance; and if any Party to such Insurance, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, any Broker, Agent, or other Person, shall knowingly make or effect, or procure to be made or effected, or shall negotiate of transeefcany Settlement upon such Insurance, or pay or allow in Account, or agree to pay or allow in Account or otherwise, any Sum or Sums of Money upon any Loss, Peril, or Contingency, relative to any such Insurance, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, to permit or suffer any Ship or Vessel which is by this Act required not to fail or depart without Convoy, to be cleared Outwards from any Port or Place in Great Britain to Foreign Parts, until the Master or other Person having the, Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall have given Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one sufficient Surety, in the Penalty of the Value of such Ship or Vessel, which Bond shall be taken by the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Port or Place, who is hereby authorized and required to take such Security, with Condition that such Ship or Vessel shall not fail or depart without Convoy, contrary to the Directions contained in this Act, and shall not afterwards desert, or wilfully separate or depart from such Convoy without Leave obtained from the Captain or other Officer in his Majesty's Navy, entrusted with the Charge of such Convoy, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at her Port or Place of Destination, or so far on her Voyage as such Convoy shall be appointed to accompany and protect such Ship or Vessel.;

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, by which Ships or Vessels are required not to fail or depart without Convoy, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel which is not required to be registered, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act; or to any Ship or Vessel for which a Licence shall be granted to fail or depart without Convoy, either by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as shall be duly authorized by him or them, or any three or more of them, for that Purpose; or to any Ship or Vessel proceeding with due Diligence to join Convoy from the Port or Place at which the same shall be cleared Outwards, in case such Convoy shall be appointed to fail from some other Port or Place, except nevertheless as to the Bond hereby required to be taken upon the Clearance Outwards of such Ship or Vessel; or to any Ship or Vessel bound to or from any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Ireland; or to any Ship or Vessel bound from any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, to any other Port or Place within the lame; or to any Ship or Vessel belonging to, br hired by, or in the Service or Employ of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or the Hud fan's Bay Company*

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 7. 841

Act not to extend to Vessels failing from Foreign Forts, &c. if there shall not be any Convoy appointed.

Admiralty to give Notice in the Gazette, &c. that Masters shall have on board Flags to answer Signals, without which they shall not not be cleared Outwards.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, shall be demanded or No Feetobe

received for any Licence granted in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act. taken for Li*

cences to fail without Convoy.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel failing or departing without Convoy from any Foreign Port or Place, nor to subject the Master thereof, or any other Person, to any of the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penal, ties, or Forfeitures, hereby prescribed, directed, and imposed, in case there shall not be any Convoy appointed for such Ships or Vessels, nor any Person or Persons at such Foreign Port or Place, duly authorized by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to appoint Convoys for such Ships or Vessels, or to grant Licences to such Ships or Vessels to fail or depart without Convoy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or such Person as shall be duly authorized by him or them, or any three or more of them, for that Purpose, to give Notice that all Matters and other Persons having the Charge or Command of any Ships or Vessels which are by this Act required not to fail or depart without Convoy, shall have on board their respective Ships or Vessels such Flags, Vanes, or other Materials as shall be necessary for the Purpose of distinguishing such Ships or Vessels, and of enabling such Matters or other Persons to answer the Signal or Signals made by the Captain or other Officer in his Majesty's Navy intruded with the Care of such Convoy; such Flags, Vanes, or other Materials to be provided by such Masters and other Persons having the Charge and Command of any Ships or Vessels which are required by this Act not to fail without Convoy; which Notice shall be inserted in the London Gazette, and transmitted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland, in order to the same being by them sent to the Principal Officers of the Customs at the several Ports for the Information of the Persons concerned, and that after such Notice no such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to be cleaned Outwards until it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of the Customs, that the Ship is provided with such Flags,

Vanes, or other Materials.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually Manning his MajeJlfs Navy, as ena<5s, That if the Captain of any Merchant Ship under Convoy shall wilfully disobey Signals or instructions, or any other lawful Commands of the Commander of the Convoy, or shall desert the Convoy without Notice given and Leave obtained for that Purpose, he shall be liable to be articled against in the High Court of Admiralty, at the Suit of the Crown, for Disobedience to the Orders of the Convoy, and upon Conviction thereof shall be fined, at the Discretion of the said Court, in any Sum not exceeding five hundred Pounds, and shall fuft’er such Imprisonment, not exceeding one Year, as the said Court shall adjudge, shall be painted on a Hoard, and affixed on some conspicuous and convenient Part of every Ship or Vessel which by this Act is required not to fail or depart without Convoy; and that in Default thereof every Master or other Person, having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

every Vessel required to fail with Convoy, on Penalty of 501.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, which by this Act is required not to fail or Mailers of Vef-depart without Convoy, shall be in imminent Danger of being boarded or taken Possession of by the Enemy, the Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship, shall make Signals, by firing Guns, or otherwise, to convey Information of his Danger to the Rest of the Convoy, as well as to the Ships of War under the Protection of which he is failing; and that in case of such Ship being boarded and taken Possession of, he shall destroy all Instructions confided to him relating to the Convoy; and every Master, or Person having the Charge and Command of such Vessel, who shall neglect to make such Signals, or shall wilfully omit to destroy such Instructions as before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained with respect to

Ships or Vessels failing or departing without Convoy, or afterwards deferring, or wilfully separating or departing from such Convoy, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel which shall fail or depart from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or either of them, for or on Account of such Sailing or Departure, on or before the htth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety*eight, or from any other Port or Place in Europe, on or before the fifth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or from any other Port or Place in the West Indies, or any other Part of America, on or before the fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or from any Port or Place in Africa or Asia, on or before the fifth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. ‘and in Africa or Asia, Nov. 5, 1798.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby Recovery and* imposed, as far as the same relate to Ships, or Vessels failing without Convoy, or wilfully separating or de- Application of

parting from such Convoy, or to Insurances, shall (if sued for within the Space of one Year from the Time sued ibr within

38 CrEO. III. 5 Q- iz

So much of 35 Geo. 3. c 66. as makes Captains under Convoy liable to be articled in the Court of Admiralty for disobeying Signal*, &c. shall be painted on a Hoard and affixed on some conspicuous Fart of

fels in Danger of being boarded an Enemy, to make Signals t<o the Rest of the Convoy, and if boaided, to destroy instuctions, on Penalty of 100L Time of Commencement of Act as to Vessels failing from Guernsey, &c. Aug 5; from any other Fort in Europe, Sept. 5; in the West Indies or America, Odl. 5;

842 C. 76. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

to the Crown and haH to the Informer;

afterwards wholly to the Crown, to be applied to the Purposes of tlus A a.

4

His Majesty's Attorney General in England and Advocate in Scotland may stop Proceedings on Prosecutions.

From July 5*. 1798, the additional Duties of-Customs in the annexed Tables, A.B. C. and D. to be paid; (except on Articles mentioned at the

of anyr such Penalty'or Forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Cods of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid, and which shall and may be (ued for in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for Offences committed in England, or at Sea, or in Parts beyond the Seas, and in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh for Offences committed in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and in Default of Prosecution within the Time hereinbefore limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England or Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the respective Courts aforesaid, in which case the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, Ns Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, for the Time being, and be appropriated and applied in the same Manner, and to the same Uses and Purposes, as the Duty of Tonnage on Ships by this Act imposed is directed to be appropriated and applied.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Prosecution shall be commenced by any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any such Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General in England or Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to their Satisfaction respectively that such Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without any Intention of Fraud, to flop all further Proceedings on every such Prosecution, as well with respect to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture to which any such Person may claim to be entitled, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon such Terms nevertheless, as to Costs and otherwise, as such Attorney General or Advocate shall think reasonable.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain from Foreign Parts, and upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from the Kingdom of Great Britain to Foreign Parts, the several new and additional Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.), (B.), (C.), and (D.), except as herein after is provided.

End of §17 j and fee §10, 24, 25, 26.)

Whero, by Tabic (A.), the Duties are charged according to Value, it shall be taken as at the Fort of Importation, deducing Duties, and ascertained according to 27 Geo. 3. c. 13.; and if. not truly valued,

the Goods may be detained by the Officers of the Cu (toms,&c.

If the real Value cannot be ascertained without the Goods being landed and examined, a Deposit to secure the new Duties may be made, and when ascertained the Duties to be paid before Delivery of the Goods;

and if their Va-- foe cannot be iuins.fi

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), the new and additional Duties of Customs by this Act1 imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into this Kingdom, are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall beat the Port of Importation, without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of so much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof by this or any other Act of Parliament shall amount to; and that such Value shall be ascertained, except as herein after is provided, by the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so imported, or of his known Agent or Factor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regulations, and subjectc to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes; and in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every Respect in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on which the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed are charged in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), according to the Value thereof, the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, his known Agent or Factor, shall not be able to make an Entry of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, according to the true and real Value thereof, without the same being landed and examined, such Importer, Proprietor, Agent, or Factor, shall, upon making Oath before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Importation* that he is not enabled to ascertain the true and real Value thereof in the Manner hereinbefore prescribed, be at Liberty, to make a Deposit sufficient to secure the new and additional Duties hereby imposed, and the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall in such Case, as soon as may be after the Examination thereof, be ascertained by the Declaration of such Importer, Proprietor, Agent, or Factor, in the Manner and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, and Penalties, hereinbefore directed, and the said new and additional Duties shall be paid (except as herein after is provided) before the Delivery of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; and if the Value of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into this Kingdom, cannot, after Examination thereof,

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76. 843

without being fold, they may be delivered for that Purpose on Payment of the firmer Duties, dec.

Duties not t* extend to certain Articles;

be ascertained, foas to enable the Importer or Proprietor thereof, or his known Agent or Fa£lor, to make an Entry according to the true and real Value thereof, without the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being publicly fold, and the same shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them, in England or Scotland respectively, the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, after Payment of the Duties charged thereon by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, shall and may be delivered for the Purpose of being so publicly fold, such Depoftt being made as aforesaid, and the Entry of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall in such Case be completed within seven Days after such Sale, and the new and additional Duties hereby imposed shall be paid upon the Value thereof, according to the Price at which such Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize shall have been so publicly fold, without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of so much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, by this or any other Act of Parliament,

shall amount to, such Price to be ascertained by the Oath of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Fadlor, before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Importation: Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed, the following Articles; that is to say, Bullion imported or exported, fresh Fifty, British taken, and imported in British-built Ships or Vessels owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, Turbots and Lobsters however taken or imported, Corn or Grain imported, Sugar imported from any Part of the United States of America) and Warehoused Sugar having been so imported and warehoused, exported from such Warehouse,

Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, or Nutmegs, Furs and Skins of the Produce of and imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, Spanish Wool imported, Tobacco, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, or Rice, imported and warehoused, unless and until such Tobacco, Sugar, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, or Rice, shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or consumed in this Kingdom, in which Case the said new and additional Duties shall be paid to the proper Officer of the Customs, before such Tobacco,

Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, or Rice, shall be delivered out of such Warehouse, for the Purpose of being so used or consumed in this Kingdom.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where by the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.),

the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be ascertained by the Gross Price at which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be sold at the public Sales of the said Company, and the said new and additional Duties shall be paid thereon as the same are inserted, described, and set forth in the said Table marked (B.).

:L certained by the Gross Price at

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall be due and payable upon all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be sold at the public Sales of the said Company; and shall be paid or secured in such Manner, and at such Times, and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are prescribed and directed, with respect to the Payment of any former Duties imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, upon such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, respectively imported by the said Company.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which are already, or shall be imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Ectjl Indies, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-eight. pnny, on or before July 5, 1798.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported or brought into this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize, and on which the new and additional Duties of Customs are by this Act imposed and charged in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, shall be ascertained by the Gross Price at which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be publicly fold, without any De-

<lud!ion or Abatement whatever. ascertained at the Gross Price at which publicly fold

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by the Table hereunto annexed, marked Where, by Ta-(C.), the new and additional Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Exportation of Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize from this Kingdom, are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Y'alue thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Exportation, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever, except of so much as the Duties of Customs and Excise paid or payable by this or any other Act of Parliament on any such Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize shall amount to; and that such Value shall be ascertained (except as herein after is provided) by the Declaration of the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

- 7^ i fi 5 Q.2 or

nor to Tobacco, &c. imported and warehoused until taken out for Home Consumption.

Where, by Table (B.), the Duties upon Goods imported by the East India Company are charged according to the Value, it shall be af-their public Sales.

Additional Duties On Goods imported by the East India Company, to be payable on all-sold at their-public Sales from July

5> »79s*

Additional Duties not chargeable on Goods imported by the East India Com*

Where, by Table (A.)> Prize Goods are to be charged according to their Value, it shall be

ble (C.), the Duties on the Exportation of Goods are charged according tothcValue, it shall be taken as at the Port of Exportation,

844

0

deducing the Duties; and if not truly valued they may be detained by the Qfft ers of the Customs, &c.

( See the nest Clause.)

If on Entry of such Goods for

Export at ion, the Exporter cannot afeerum the true Value, they may be exported, on giving Bond in treble the Amount of the supposed

Value, to pay the Duties in three Months, &c. -

New Duties not chargeable on Goods of the Production of Ireland imported from thence into this Kingdom, nor Goods exported to Ireland, nor to Goods imported from, or exported to Hudson’s Bay by the Company, nor to certain Goods from Guernsey, Scc.

Act not to extend to Goods exported to the Isle of Man, by Authority of tiic Commissioners oi Customs, nor to exported Cotton Manufacture of Great Britain

nor to certain Articles exported to Newfoundland.

Importers of the

Produce of the Newfoundland Either*, dirtCfly from Newfoundland, may give Bond in ticblc the sup-

C. 76. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

or of his known Agent or FaClor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed, for alcerta ning and collecting the Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by an Act passed in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes; and in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every Respect in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if at the Time of making the Entry for the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on which the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed, are charged in the Fable hereunto annexed, marked (C.), according to the Value thereof, the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so entered for Exportation, his known Agent or Fadlor, shall not be able to ascertain the true and real Value thereof, (udi Exporter, Proprietor, Agenr, or P'acfor shall, upon making Oath thereof before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, be permitted to ship and export such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon giving Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one lutficient Surety, in treble the Amount of the supposed or estimated Duty on the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, conditioned for the Payment of the new and additional Duties hereby imposed, within three Calendar Months, according to the true and real Value thereof, to be ascertained in the Manner hereinbefore directed, and for producing the Invoice and Bills of Parcels, and such other Documents as shall be required by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them, in England and Scotland respectively, in case the Production thereof shall be thought necessary by the said Commissioners relatively, for the Purpose of ascertaining the true and real Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so exported as aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con ft rued to extend, to charge with the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Kingdom of Ireland, imported directly from thence into this Kingdom j nor to charge with the said new and additional Duties any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, exported from this Kingdom to the Kingdom of Ireland; or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported from, or exported t6 Hudson’s Bay by the Hudson's Bay Company; nor to charge with the new and additional Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture* of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney^ Sarky or Mar., upon the Importation thereof into the Kingdom of Great Britain directly from the said Islands respectively, in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, were allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on or immediately before the passing of this Act, to be imported without the Payment of any Customs or other Duties, except such Excise or other Duty as is now or shall hereafter for the Time being be due and payable for the like Goods of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Great Britain j but that all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, may be so imported as aforesaid, if accompanied by the proper Certificates, without Payment of the said new and additional Duties, subject nevertheless to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which the same are liable when imported from the said Blands without Payment of the Customs or other Duties as aforesaid under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament m force on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to charge with the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes exported from this Kingdom to the Isle of Man, which shall be so exported by virtue and under the Authority of any Licence which the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, are or may be by Law authorized and empowered to grant; nor to charge with the said Duties any Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from this Kingdom to any Port or Place whatever.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the new and additional Dunes of Customs hereby imposed, the following Articles exported from this Kingdom to the Island of Newfoundland \ videlicet, Any Sort of Craft, hood. Victuals, Cloathing, or other Goods fit and necessary for the British Fishery established in the Lid Bland, or for the Use or Support of the Mariners or other Persons employed on board the Vessels, or on Shore, in carrying on the said Fishery: Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee, of any Fish, Oil, Blubber, Seal Skins, or other Produce of the British Newfoundland Fishery, imported into this Kingdom, directly from the Bland of Aeufaundiatui, to give Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one sufficient Surety, in the Penalty of ueble the Amount of the supposed or estimated Duty on such Fish, Oil, or other Produce as aforesaid, with Condition that such Fish, Oil, or other Produce of the said Fishery* shall be duly exported from this Kingdom*

' or

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76. 845

©t that the new and additional Duties of Customs by this Act imnofed on the Importation thereof, shall be Pofr<1 Dufy that paid within twelve Calendar Months from the Date of such Bond, which Bond shall be taken by the Col- ex-

lector of the Customs at the Port of Importation, who is hereby authorized and required to take such additional*

Duties shall be paid in a Year

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all C^fcs where the new and additional Du-

ties of Customs hereby imposed upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be paid down in ready Money at the Time of making the Entry, a Discount at and after the Rate of two Pounds and ten Shillings for every hundred Pounds of the Amount of such Duties shall be allowed and deducted then from. f

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Exporter or Proprietor of any Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize entered for Exportation, his known Agent or Factor, shall knowingly and fraudulently make ajiy false Declaration of the Value of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, after the same shall have been allowed to be shipped'for Exportation, every such Exporter, Proprietor, Agent, or Factor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum equal to the true and real Value of all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Fees due and payable by Law, at and immediately before the passing of this Act, upon any Entry or Cocket Inwards or Outwards, shall not be demanded or taken by or for the Use of any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, for any additional Entry required to be made on Account of the new and additional Duties imposed by this Act.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Bond to be taken in pursuance of this Act shall be chargeable with any of the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon which the said new and additional Dunes of Customs are hereby imposed, shall be detained by any Officer of the Customs on Account of the same not being valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or any lour or more of them, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction that no Fraud was intended, to direct the Entry to be amended upon such Terms and Conditions as, under the Circumstances of the Cife, shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively to be reasonable, and as they (hill think fit to direct; Provided always, That if the Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

shall accept the Terms or Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners of the Customs respectively, such Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor shall not have or be entitled to any Recompence or Damage on Account < f the Detention of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the same; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, onto and for the Use of his Ma-

his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties on Ships and Vessels, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering Outwards or Inwards at any Port within the Kingdom of Great Britain, to or from Foreign Parts, as the same are respectively inferred, described, and set forth in Figures in the 'Fable hereunto annexed, marked (E.), except as herein after is provided.; -

/V - wards in Great Britain, from Foreign Parts. (See Exceptions at the End of \^)

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Tonnage hereby imposed on Ships and Tonnage Duties Vfftels entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, shall be due and payable to the proper Officer appointed to receive the same, each and every Voyage any such Ship or Vessel shall so enter Outwards or Inwards at any Port within the Kingdom of Great Britain \ and that the Tonnage of every such Ship or Vessel shall be computed and taken according to the Register thereof, under the Provisions of an A(Sf, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and in case of any Doubt or Dispute relative thereto,

the same shall be ascertained by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner prescribed and directed by the said Act. "

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel upon which the Tonnage Duty by this n0 Vefrd tohe

Act imposed is due and payable, shall be permitted to be cleared Inwards in any Port of this Kingdom, cleared inwards unless the said Tonnage Duty shall have been first duly paid to the proi>cr Officer of the Customs appointed to receive the same; and in case such Duty shall not be so paid within thirty Days from the Report of any Ship or Vessel arriving from Foreign Parts, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, or for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, if they shall think fit, to cause such Ship or Vessel, and her Marts, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, to be detained, and afterwards fold publicly to the best Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied first to the Charges that shall arise by such Detention and Sale, next to the Tonnage Duty imposed by this Act, and toe Overplus to be. paid to the Proprietor, of such Ship or Vessel, or other Person duly authorized by such Proprietor to 'W*', I - receive

On Payment of Dutits on Entry for Exportation, a Discount of 2$ per Cent, to be allowed.

Persons making a false Declaration of the Value of Goods shipped for Exportation, to forfeit the true Value. Fees not to be taken for any additional Entry on Account of new Duties.

Bonds not chargeable with

Sump Duty.

The Commissioners of the Customs may order Entry to be amended of Goods detained on Account of not being duly valued, upon such Terms as they think fit,

and if accepted the Proprietors shall not be entitled to Damages.

From July 5, 1798, the Duties 0* Tonnage in Table (E.) to be

paid on Vessels entering Outwards or In-

payable every Vo) age, and to

be computed

according to 26 Geo. 3. c 60.

till tiiel Of nage

Duty is paid, and if not paid within a llm.ted Time, the Vessel, <Src. may be!’ detained and fold.

846

C. 76.

m

Anno tricesimo c&avo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

No Vessel to be entered Outwards for Foreign Parts, unless the Tonnage Out/ has been paid.

Tonnage Duty not to extend to Vessels not re. qoired to be re-

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of CuAoms.

Additional Duties to be managed as former Duties, and the Goods to be subject to the Rules to which Goods liable to Custom Duties are fub-jcd*.

receive the same; and that it shall not be lawful for the Collector or other Officer of the Customs at any Port in this Kingdom, to permit any Ship or Vessel to be entered Outwards for Foreign Parts, or any Cocket or Entry to pass for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be shipped on board any such Ship or Vessel, unless the Tonnage Duty hereby imposed on such Ship or Vessel shall have been first duly paid: Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construrd to extend, to charge the Tonnage Duty hereby imposed on any British-byilt Ship or Vessel, or on any Ship or Vessel owned by British Subjects, which is not requireJ to be registered by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, or on any Ship or Vessel whatever which shall enter Outwards or Inwards in Ballad only.

gifttred, nor Vessels in Bailaft.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That such of the new and additional Duties of Customs, and of the Duties of Tonnage by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall ariie in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed

shall and maybe managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered in such and the like Manner, and in and by any and either of the Ways, Means, or Methods by which any of the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares,"1 or Merchandize imposed and payable by the said hereinbefore recited Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered; and the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so by this Act made chargeable with the said new and additional Duties of Customs, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Re-ftridlions. Penalties, and Forfeitures to which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize upon which any Duties of Customs are imposed and payable, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby charged, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act. ‘

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the new and additional Duties of Customs, and the Duties of Tonnage imposed by this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said respective Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, iipon any Account whatever; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt, shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the Duties by this Act imposed, shall, together with any other Rates and Duties, granted or to be granted in this Session of Parliament, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of seven Millions, from Time to Time as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be iffired and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of Great Britain in this present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three -or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cau!e of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Coflsby Law.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace, and no longer.

' Table

Duties to be pai'l into the Exchequer separate Irom other Monies.

Application

Duties.

Limitation of AIUors.

General UTUe.

Treble Co(U. Continuance of

A a.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76. 847

Table (A.)

New and Additional DUTIES of CUSTOMS, payable on the Goods, Wares, and

Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, imported or brought into this Kingdom; not beine imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

INWARDS.

DUTY.

ALMONDS, VIZ.

Bitter Almonds, the Hundred Weight Jordan Almonds, the Hundred Weight of any other Sojt, the Hundred Weight Aloes, viz.

Epatica, the Hundred Pounds Succotrina, the Hundred Pounds Alum, viz. Roch Alum, the Hundred Weight Anchovies, the Barrel containing sixteen Pounds of Fish Anniseeds. See Seed.

Angelica Root, the Hundred Pounds -

Annotto, the Hundred Pounds Antimonium Crudum, the Hundred Weight -

Aqua Fortis, the Hundred Weight

Argol, the Hundred Weight,

Arlenic, the Hundred Weight -

Ashes, viz.

Pearl Ashes, the Hundred Weight Pot AsheSj the Hundred Weight - _ -

Afla Foetida, the Hundred Pounds -

Balsam, viz*

Artificial, the Pound Copaivae, the Pound - '

Natural, the Pound - - '

Barilla, the Hundred Weight Bark, viz.

Cortex Peruvianus, or Jesuits Bark, the Pound Oak Bark, the Hundred Weight -

Bayberries, the Hundred Weight Bees Wax. See Wax. -

Blubber. See Oil.

Bonnets. See Hats. v-

Books, viz. "

Bound Books, the Hundred Weight Unbound Books, the Hundred Weight Boxes, viz.

Nest Boxes, the Gross containing twelve dozen Nests, each Nest containing eight Boxes - y

- PiW Boxes; the Gross containing twelve dozenNefts, each Nest containing four Boxes Sand Boxes, the Gross containing twelve dozen Boxes -

Brandy* See Spirits.

Brazil Wood, the Ton containing twenty Hundred Weight -

Brimstone, the Hundred Weight -

Bristles, rough or undressed, the Dozen Pounds -

Bugle, viz. Great Bugle, the Hundred Pounds -

Bullion, or Foreign Coin, of Gold or Silver. Free.

'"S 4 I If - ^ # *4

# 1, > m

Cambogium, or Gutta Gambia, the Hundred Pounds. -

Gamphire, viz.

Refined, the Pound -

Unrefined# the Pound -

Candles of Wax, the Pound -

6 f?

I

1 4 4

3

r‘ I

1 6

t

2

10

9 i

4* b

1 10

1

4-

8

7

r

5*

9

1

Can'.

N.

I

848

C. 76.

tricesimo

A.D. 1798.

Table (A.)—continued.

INWARDS.

- 11

fT I

Cantharides^ the Pound Capers, the Hundred Pounds Cardcmoms, the Pound CaffiaFiftuIa, the Hundred Weight Gallia Lignea, the Pound

CaftoTOil. SerOitr-

Caftorum, the Pound Cheese, the Hundred Weight Cinnamon, the Pound Clover Seed. See Seed.

Cloves, the Pound -

Cochineal, the Pound Cocoa Nuts,‘the Hundred Weight

Coffee, the Hundred Weight -

Copperas, viz.

Green, the Hundred Weight

White, the Hundred Weight

Cordage, the Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight

Corn and Grain. Free.

Cork, the Hundred Weight -

Cotton Wool. See Wool.

Cotton Yarn* See Yarn.

Cream of Tartar, the Hundred Weight

Currants, the Hundred Weight -

r 1 \, v, 9 )

Down, the Hundred Pounds -

<T w ~ ~;

Elephants Teeth, the Hundred Weight; -

Feathers for Beds, the Hundred Weight

Figs, the Hundred Weight -

Fiffa, viz. Fresh Fish, British taken, and imported in British-built Ships or Vessels. Flax, roughfor undressed, the Ton containing twenty Hundred Weight

Fuflic, the Hundred Weight -

* \\ r

Galls, the Hundred Weight -

Geneva. ‘See Spirits.

Gentian, the Hundred Pounds -

Ginger, the Hundred Weight -

Ginfang, the Hundred Pounds -

Goose Quills. See Quills.

Gum, viz. " t - 1

Ji Arabic, the Hundred Weight - iV

Armoniac, the Hundred Weight -

Copal, the Hundred Pounds -

Gniaci, the Hundred Pounds -

Senega, the Hundred Weight

Tragaganth, the Pound -

Hair, viz.; - - '. '* ij; ]

- Cow, or Ox Hair, the Hundred Weight -

Horse Hair, the Pound -

Human Hair, the Pound Hats, viz. .; > y

- Ball or Straw Hats or Bonnets, the Dozen ..

- Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair Hats, or Bonnets, "the Dozen

Hemp, rough or urrdrefled, the Ton containing twenty Hundred Weight Hides, viz. - $f|0 TBj g 1

Horse Hides, the Hide'.

9 ’

Free,

DUTY.

Z 3 \

ZZ

z

II

4

*1

- 10

2 9 " 3 4

- z

- 1 6

1 I 8

7

3 4i

6 6

5 4 1 10

- 7

4 1

9 1 6

5 -

3

10

7

7

4

10

6

10

6

1

3

V) *9 3

- $i

Hides

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

T^ble (A.)—continued*

C. 76.

INWARDS

Hides continued.

Losh Hides, the Pound, Cow or Ox Hides, the Hide

Indico, viz. # -v

of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation, the Hundred Pounds of the Produce of any Part of the United States of America, the Hundred Pounds of the Produce of any other Country or Place, the Hundred Pounds Ireland. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Kingdom of Ireland, imported directly from thence. Free.

Iron, viz. in Bars or Unwrought, the Ton containing twenty Hundred Weight Isinglass, the Hundred Pounds -

Juniper Berries, the Hundred Weight -

Kid Skins. See Skins.

Lamb Skins. - See Skins.

IvCcid viz. 9

Black Lead, the Hundred Weight -

White Lead, the Hundred Weight -

Lemons, the Thousand -

I # * 9

Linen, viz.

Cambricks and French Lawns, the Half Piece containing fix and an half Ells

Canvass, viz.

- Heflens Canvass, or Dutch Barras, the one hundred and twenty Ells

Packing Canvass, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing, or Queensborough Canvass, the one hundred and twenty Ells -

Drillings, and Pack Duck, the one hundred and twenty Ells

Flanders and Holland Linen plain, not exceeding one Ell One-eighth in Breadth, the one hundred and twenty Ells - ’

German,vSwitzciland, East Country, (except Russia,) and Silesia Cloth, plain, viz. not above thirty-one and an half Inches in Breadth, the one hundred and twenty

Ells -

above thirty-one and an half Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding thirty-six Inches, the one hundred and twenty Ells -

- above thirty-six Inches in Breadth, the one hundred and twenty Ells

Lawns, viz. ~ T: '

Silesia and all other Lawns, plain, (except French Lawns,) not bleached in Holland,

the Piece not exceeding eight Yards in Length -

Silesia and all other Lawns, plain, (except French Lawns,) bleachdd in Holland, the Piece not exceeding eight Yards in Length -

Russia Linen, plain, viz.

Toweling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Russia, not exceeding twenty-two and an half Inches in Breadth, the one hundred and twenty Ells Narrow Russia Linen, not otherwise enumerated, not exceeding twenty-two and an half Inches in Breadth, the one hundred and twenty Ells Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia exceeding twenty-two and an half Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding thirty-one and an half Inches, the one hundred and

twenty Ells -

Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia exceeding thirty-one and an half Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding thirty-six Inches, the one hundred and twenty Ells Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia exceeding thirty-six Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding forty-five Inches, the one hundred and twenty Ells -

Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia exceeding forty-five Inches in Breadth, the cuoe hundred and twenty Ells - - - \s -

See Seed.

__________ Free.

Logwood, the Ton containing twenty Hundred Weight -

38 Geo. III. - SR

Linseed.

Lobsters

DUTY,

£. s. d.

I

s

- 15

-10 —

12 6

10

S

10

9

10

7

I —

3 2

1 4

2 3

1 6

S —

3 —

6 7

10 3

- 4

- Si

% 1 10

1 % 4 i

3 7

5 1

6 4 ,

10 13 0

7 3

M ace*

t

850

C. 76.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

Table (A.)^co$h:jud

INWARDS.

Mace, the Pound.

Madder, viz. #. r ‘

Mull Madder, the Hundred Weight -

of any other Sort, the Hundred Weight

, Madder Root, the Hundred Weight

Mahogany, the Ton containing twenty Hundred Weight

Manna, the Hundred Pounds -

Mats of Russia, the Hundred containing five Score -

Melades, the Hundred Weight -

Mohair Yarn. See Yarn.

Morels, the Pound -

Muflard Seed. See Seed.

Myrrh, the Hundred Pounds -

Nutmegs, the Pound -

Nuts, viz.

Chestnuts, the Bushel -

Small Nuts, the Bushel -

Oak Bark. See Bark. ri 1 Hi

Oil or Blubber, viz. - *1

Blubber of Newfoundland, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons -

Castor Oil, the Gallon -

Ordinary Oil of Olives, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons Sallad Oil, the hundred Gallons -

Spermacaeti Oil, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons Train Oil, or Blubber, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals or other Creatures living in the Seas, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons -

Olibanum, or Incense, the Hundred Weight -

Onion Seed. See Seed.

Opium, the Pound -

Oranges, the Thousand -

Orchella, the Hundred Weight -

Pearl Barley, or Barley hulled, the Hundred Weight -

Pepper, viz. Long Pepper, the Hundred Pounds

Pictures, viz.

of four Feet square, or upwards, the Picture

of two Feet square, and under four Feet square, the Picture -

under two Feet square, the Picture -

Pimento, the Hundred Pounds - - - " -

Pitch, the Last containing twelve Barrels, each Barrel containing thirty-one and an half; Gallons -

Plate, viz. 4 i. nv: '4

of Gold wrought, the Ounce Troy -

of Silver ungilt, the Ounce Troy -

of Silver part gilt, the Ounce Troy -

- of Silver gilt, the Ounce Troy -

Plums dried, the Hundred Pounds -

Prunes, the Hundred Weight -

Quicksilver, the Pound -

Quills, viz. Goose Quills, the Thousand -

Rags old, fit only to make Paper, the Ton containing twenty Hundred Weight

Raisins viz. j UA

Denia Raisins, the Hundred Weight r

A.D. 1798.

DUTY.

- £. i. dm

- 2 2

- 2 3 — IO IO

- S 9 — 1 10

- I

- X

- 76

- II

I. 11 11

4 3

m 7 *7

18 —

3 10

16 10 1 10

1

3

4

2k

7

3

7

3

2

I

6

*3

8

4

9

3

to

3

3 i

5

2

2i

*3 3

1 t

Raisins,

A

tricesimo octavo

C. 76. 851

Table (A.)—continued.

INWARDS.

DUTY.

Raisins continued.

Faro Raisins, the Hundred Weight -

Lipra, or Belvidere Raisins, the Hundred Weight Lexia Raisins, the Hundred Weight -

Smyrna Raisins, the Hundred Weight -

of the Sun, the Hundred Weight -

All other Raisins not otherwise enumerated or described, the Hundred Weight Rape Se*. See Seed.

Rhubarb, the Pound -

Rice, the Hundred Weight

Rosin, the Hundred Weight -

Rum. Sec Spirits.

Saccarum Saturni, the Hundred Pounds -

Safflower, the Hundred Weight -

Saffron, the Pound -

Salt, the Wey containing forty Bushels -

Salt Petre, the Hundred Weight -

Sarsaparilla, the Hundred Pounds -

Scamony, the Pound -

Seed, viz. 7

Anniseeds, the Hundred Weight -

Carraway Seed, the Hundred Weight -

Clover Seed, the Hundred Weight -

Linseed, the Bushel -

Mustard Seed, the Hundred Weight -

Onion Seed, the Hundred Weight -

Rape Seed, the Quarter containing eight Bushels -

Sena, the Pound -

Shumaclc, the Hundred Weight -

Silk, viz.

Raw Silk of Turkey, the Pound containing sixteen Ounces -

Raw Silk of any other Country, the Pound containing sixteen Ounces Thrown Silk, the Pound containing sixteen Ounces Waste Silk, the Pound containing sixteen Ounces -

Silver Plate. See Plate.

Skins, viz.

Kid Skins in the Hair undressed, the Hundred containing five Score Lamb Skins in the Wool undressed, the Hundred containing fix Score Smalts, the Hundred Pounds -*---

Spirits, viz.

Brandy, the Gallon - - *-

Geneva, the Gallon -

Rum, the Hundred Gallons -

of all other Sorts not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon Succades, the Pound -

Sugar, the Hundred Weight -

Tallow, the Hundred Weight -

Tamarinds, the Hundred Weight -

Tar, the Last containing twelve Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding thirty-one and an half Gallons -

Tobacco, the Hundred Pounds -

Tortoilheil, the Pound -

Tow, the Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight -

Truffles, the Pound -

Turbots. Free.

Turmeric, the Hundred Pounds - - «.

Turpentine Common, the Hundred Weight -

* *- *.5Rar‘ "

1

1

1

2

t

4

4

1

1

s

3

1

>5

1

2

2

11

d.

2 2 6 9

3

T

6

6

i

9*

nl

71

1 10

" 7

2 3 2

5

11 2

IS

8

si

6

U

3

3 2

4

2l li

2l

li

IO

i 6

- 10

I

4

5

2 3

- 1

V alonia,

«52

4

A.D. 1798.

C. 76.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

Table ( A.)— con

INWARDS

DUTY.

-r—

VaJonia, the Hundred Weight Verdigrease, viz.

- Common, the Hundred Pounds -

- Crystallized, the Hundred Pounds -

Vermillion, the Pound -

Wax, viz. / v

- Bees Wax, white or manufactured, the Hundred Weight

- Bees Wax, unmanufactured, the Hundred Weight -

Wine, viz.; 1 4ri

French Wine, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons Madeira Wine, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons Portugal Wine, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-

two Gallons.

Spanish Wine, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons All other Wines, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons - -. W

Wool, viz.

- Cotton Wool of the Growth or Production of Turkey, the Hundred Pounds

Cotton Wool of the Growth or Production of any Part of the United States of Ame-rioa, the Hundred Pounds -

Cotton Wool of the Growth or Production of any of the British Colonies or Plantations, the Hundred Pounds -

Cotton Wool of the Growth or Production of any other Country or Place, the Hundred Pounds -

Yarn, viz.

Cotton Yarn, the Hundred Pounds. -

Mohair Yarn, the Pound -

Raw Linen Yarn, the Hundred Pounds -

Yellow Berries, the Hundred Weight - 4 -

0

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatever, not herein particularly enumerated or described, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, (except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which by any special Provision in this Act are exempt from the Duty hereby imposed,) for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof -

c. s. d.

- < 9

- 6 9

- 7 6

3

6

- 4 9

3 10 6

3 1 —

1 6 6

3 18 —

1 12 —

1 12 —

- 6 6

- 6 6

- 8 9

- XI 6

7 —

- i

- 3 —

- 4 1

1

Table (B.)

A TABLE of New and Additional DUTIES of CUSTOMS, payable on the Goods, Wares, ami

Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. - - 0

INWARD S.

allicoes, viz. Plain White Callicoes; Dimity, viz. Phin White Dimity—Mullins Plain—Nanquin Cloth—Mullins or Whit? Callicoes. flowered or stitched—Cotton Manufactures not otherwise enumerated or described—and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, imported for Exportation only :—F or every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, without any Deduction therefrom, except so much as the Duties of Customs due and payable on such Goods respectively shall amount to -

DUTY.

jT, s d»

3

Sugar,

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

Table (B.)—continued.

C. 76

INWARDS.

Sugar, For every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross

Price at which it shall have been sold at the public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

For every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the public Sales of the United Company of

Indico,

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies Cotton Wool, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the

Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies Coffee, the Hundred Weight -

Cocoa Nuts, the Hundred Weight -

DUTY.

3

s.

d.

3

4

3

2

4

9

Table (C.)

A TABLE of New and Additional DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described; not having been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

UGAR, viz.

Unrefined, not having been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, (except in Cases where, by any special Provision in this Act, such Sugar is exempt from this Duty,) the Hundred Weight Refined Sugar, called Bastard, and Ground and Powdered Sugar, and Refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, (except in Cases where, by any special Provision in this Act, such Sugar is exempt from this Duty,) the Hundred Weight -

All other Refined Sugar, (except in Cases where, by any special Provision in this Act, such Sugar is exempt from this Duty,) the Hundred Weight. -

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, (except Refined Sugar, and also such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which, by any special Provision in this Act, are exempt from the Duty hereby imposed,) exported to any Part of Europe, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof -

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, (except Refined Sugar, and also such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which, by any special Provision in this Act, are exempt from the Duty hereby imposed,)

' exported to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to

the East Indies, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof

DUTY.

C

d.

1 61

1

6*

3

10

-. 2

Table

A.D. 1798.

C. 76.

Anno tncelimo octavo Georgii III.

Table (D.) - &j‘

A TABLE of New DUTIES of CUSTOMS, payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom, of the Goods, W ares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated, having been imported by the United Cotn« pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Sugar,

OUTWARDS.

having been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, exported, (except in Cases where, by any special Provision in this Act, such Sugar is exempt from this Duty,) for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the public Saks of the said Company -

DUTY.

£. d.

2 10

Table (E.)

A TABLE of TONNAGE DUTIES payable on Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards

(except in Ballast) in any Port of this Kingdom, to or from Foreign Parts.

TONNAGE DUTY.

m

in

in

or every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballast) to or from Ireland, the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, and Man, the Greenland Seas, and the Southern Whale Fdhery For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except

Ballast) to cr from any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except

Ballast) to or from any Port or Place in Russia, or within the Baltic Sea For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except

Ballast) to or from any other Port or Place in Europe For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in

Ballast) to or from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in

Ballast) to or from the Cape of Good Hope -

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in

Ballast) to or from any Port or Place in Africa, not otherwise enumerated or de-

feribed - - 1

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in

Ballast) to or from the Island of Newfoundland, the islands of Cape Breton and Saint John, and the Coast of Labrador For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in

Ballast) to or from any Port or Place in the United States of America, any British Island, Colony, or Plantation in America, or any other Part of America not otherwise described -

DUTY.

jC*

- 6

3 —

2 6

1

6

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 77> 78-

*55

w

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, until the first Bay of August one thousand eight hundred, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting " Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases."

[28th >^1798.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed on the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, intituled, An Act to continue, until thefrji Day of August one thousand eight hundred, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases* divers Provisions have been made concerning Aliens, and certain Things are by the said Act required to be done within certain Spaces of Time therein limited; and it is expedient that his Majesty should be authorized to extend the Times so limited for doing such Things respectively, in such Manner as to his Majesty shall seem expedient;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, from Time to Time, by his Royal Proclamation, or by Order in Council, to extend the Time and Times for doing all and every or any of the Things by the said Act required to be done, within any certain Space or Spaces of Time, in such Manner as to his Majesty shall seem fit, and to appoint any longer Time or Times for doing all and every or any of such Things respectively; and to command and require all and every or any such Things respectively to be done, within such Time or Times as in and by any such Proclamation or Order in Council respectively shall be limited and appointed for such

Purpose.

e' 4

Cap. 50 of this Session recited.

irp<

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Pain or Penalty for refusing, omit* as aforesaid, if such Thing shall be done within such Space of Time as in such Proclamation or Order in

- w — j - - - j ——

ting, or neglecting to do any Thing by the said Act required to be done, within any certain Space of Time

His Majesty by Proclamation or Order in Council may extend the Time for doing certain Things required by the recited Aktobe done in a limited Time.

No Person shall be liable to Penalty for not doing any Thing within such limited Time, if done within the Time appointed by Proclamation

or Order in Council:

IV. And whereas by the said Act Persons receiving Aliens to lodge or reside in their Houses or Apart- ments, are required to do certain Things in the said Act mentioned under certain Penalties be it enacted, That so much of the said Act shall not extend, or be construedto extend, to any Person who shall so receive any Alien being the Domestic Servant of any of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects, or of any of his Majesty's Subjects naturalized or made Denizens, such Servant being actually attendant on his or her Master or Mistress.

Council shall be limited and appointed for doing thereof, any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all and every the Pains and Penalties by the said Act provided and imposed for neglecting or omitting to do any such Thing as aforesaid, within the Space of Time by the said Act limited for doing thereof, shall be Juffcred and incurred in case such Thing shall not be done within the Space of Time which by any such Proclamation or Order in Council shall be appointed for the doing thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Pain or Penalty for having, before Nor for having, the passing of this Act, refilled, omitted, or neglected to do any Thing by the said Act required to be done, b.cfor^ and that all Proceedings whatsoever for any such Offence committed before the passing of this Act, shall be l0 /0 and the same are hereby flayed and discharged. Thing required by recited Act,

So much of recited Act a. relates to Person receiving Alien* to .0d{te, not to extend to Per-

ing Doiiuftic Servants of his Majesty's Subjects attendant on their M. ftcis.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing New (papers, and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons not known; and for regulating the Printing and Publication of such Papers in other Respects.

[28th June 1798.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Regulations should be provided touching Publications of the Nature herein after mentioned:* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with th Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person shall, after forty Days from the paffng After 40 Day* of this Act, print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, any Newspaperor other Paper, containing from the porting public News or Intelligence, or serving the Purpose of a Newspaper, until an Affidavit or Affidavits, or Affirm- jj1*8 n? ation or Affirmations, made and signed as herein after mentioned, shall be delivered to the Commissioners for orpubiwha*"*

managing his Majesty's Stamp Duties, at their Head Office, or to some of their Officer or Officers in the re- Newspaper un-

4 (peftive til an Alntavic

8c6

C. 78.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

spective Towns, and at the respective Offices which shall be named and appointed by the said Commissioners,

for the Purpose of receiving such Affidavits or Affirmations, (but which shall not be required to be upon stamp-cd Paper,) containing the several Matters and Things herein after for that Purpose Ipecihedand mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations, shall specify and set forth the real and true Names, Additions, Descriptions, and Places of Abode of all and every Person or Persons, who is and are intended to be the Printer and Printers, Publisher and Publishers, of the Newspaper or other Paper mentioned in such Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations, and of all the Proprietors of the same, if the Number of such Proprietors, exclusive of the Printer and Publisher, does not exceed two, and in case the same shall exceed such Number, then of two of such Proprietors, exclusive of the Printer and Publisher, and also the Amount of the proportional Shares of such Proprietors in the Property of the Newspaper or other Paper, and the true Description of the House or Building wherein any such Paper is intended to be printed, and likewise the Title of such Paper.

Where the Proprietors exceed two, the Names of two of the greatest Proprietors,

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Number of such Proprietors, exclusive of the Printer and Publisher, does exceed two, the Names of two Proprietors, the Amount of each of whose proportional Shares in the Property of such Newspaper or other Paper shall not be less than the proportional Share of any other Proprietor, exclusive of the Printer and Publisher, shall be specified and set forth in such Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations.

exclusive of the Printer and Publisher, to be specified in the Affidavit.

Affidavit to be made ns often as the Printer*,

Publishers, or Pro; Tietors, named therein, or their refitfl-i e Abodes, shall be changed, Scc. or as often as the Commissioners for Stamps shall require

IV. And be it further enacted, That an Affidavit or Affirmation, Affidavit^ or Affirmations, of the like Import, shall be made, signed, and given in like Manner, as often as any of the Printers, Publishers, or Proprietors named in such Affidavits or Affirmations shall be changed, or shall change their respective Places of Abode, or their Priming House, Place, or Office, and as often as the Title of the Paper shall be changed, and as often as the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties shall fee reasonable Cause for requiring such Affidavit or Affirmation to be made, signed, and sworn, or affirmed, and shall give Notice that they do require the same, such Notice to be left at such Place as is mentioned in the Affidavit or Affirmation last delivered as the Place at which the Newspaper or other Paper to which such Notice shall

rejate is printed.

Affidavit to be /igmd by the Parties, and taken by a Commissioner or Officer speci- ally appointed.

Where the Printers, Publishers, and Proprietors, required to be named in the Affidavit, do not exceed four, the Whole to swear; and where they do exceed that Number, four to swear to certain Particulars, and to give Notice to the Parties not swearing, on Penalty of 50l. each. '

Penalty of tool.

for printing,

publiftiing, or vending aNcwf-prper without such Affidavit leaving been

V. And be it further enacted, That every such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons making the same, and shall be taken by any one or more of the said Commissioners, or by any Officer speciahy appointed by the said Commissioners to receive such Affidavits or Affirmations as aforesaid, which Commissioners and other Officers are hereby authorized to take such Affidavits upon the Oath of the Person or Persons making the same, and such Affirmations in the Case of Persons commonly called Quakers* mjr jg jffc

VI. And be it further enacted, That where the Persons concerned as Printers and Publishers of any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, together with such Number of Proprietors as are hereinbefore required to be named in such Affidavits or Affirmations as aforesaid, shall not altogether exceed the Number of four Persons, the Affidavit or Affirmation hereby required shall be (worn or affirmed and signed by all the said Persons who are adult; and when the Number of all such Persons shall exceed four, the lame shall be signed and sworn or affirmed by four of such Persons, if so many of them are adult, or by so many of them as are adult but the same shall contain the real and true Names, Descriptions, and Places of Abode of all and every Person and Persons who is and are, or are intended to be, the Printer and Printers, Publisher and Publishers, and of so many of the Proprietors as are hereinbefore for that Purpose mentioned, of such Newspaper or other such Paper as aforesaid; and the Person and Persons fofigning and swearing to the Truth of such Affidavit or Affirmation, in the last mentioned Case, shall and are hereby required to give Notice, within seven Days after such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be so delivered as aforesaid, to each of the Persons not signing and swearing or affirming such Affidavit or Affirmation, but named therein as a Proprietor, Printer, or Publisher, of such Newspaper, or other Paper as aforesaid, that he or they are so named therein; and in case of Neglect to give such Notice, each and every Person who has so signed and sworn or affirmed such Affidavit or Affirmation shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, or shall knowingly and wilfully, either as a Proprietor thereof, or otherwise, fell, vend, or deliver out any Newspaper or other such Paper as aforesaid, such Affidavit or Affirmation, or Affidavits or Affirmations, containing such Matters and Things as are required by this Act to be therein contained, not having been duly signed, sworn, or affirmed, and delivered, and as often as by this Act is required, or any other Matter or Thing required by this Act to be done or performed according to this Act not having been done or performed, such Person shall forfeit and lofc, for every such Act done, the Sum or one hundred Pounds. Afld

3

t

A.D. 1798.

9

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78. 857

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons making such Affidavit or Affirmation as in and by this Act is required to be made, shall knowingly and wilfully insert or set forth therein the Name or Names, Addition or Additions, Place or Places of Abode, of any Person as Proprietor, Printer, or Publisher of any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, to which such Affidavit or Affirmation relates, who is not a Proprietor, Printer, or Publisher thereof, or shall knowingly and wilfully omit to mention in such Affidavit or Affirmation the Name or Names, Addition or Additions, and Place or Places of Abode, of any of the Proprietors, Printers, or Publishers thereof, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, or shall knowingly and wilfully in any other Manner or Respect set forth in such Affidavit or Affirmation any Matter or Thing by this Act required to be set forth otherwise than according to the Truth, or shall knowingly or wilfully omit to set forth therein, according to the Truth, any Matter or Thing required by this Act to be therein set forth, every Person so offending shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all such Affidavits and Affirmations as aforesaid shall be filed and kept in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, and the same, or Copies thereof certified to be true Copies, as herein after is mentioned, shall respectively, in all Proceedings, civil and criminal, touching any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, which shall be mentioned in any such Affidavits or Affirmations, or touching any Publication, Matter, or Thing contained in any such Newspaper or other Paper, be received and admitted as conclusive Evidence of the Truth of all such Matters set forth in such Affidavits or Affirmations as are hereby ^required to be therein set forth, against every Person who shall have signed and (worn or affirmed such Affidavits or Affirmations, and shall also be received and admitted, in like Manner, as sufficient Evidence of the Truth of all such Matters against all and every Person who shall not have signed or sworn or affirmed the same, but who shall be therein mentioned to be a Proprietor, Printer, or Publisher of such Newspaper or other Paper, unless the contrary shall be satisfactorily proved: Provided always, That if any such Person or Persons respectively, against whom any such Affidavit or Affirmation, or any Copy thereof, shall be offered ip Evidence, shall prove that he, she, or they hath or have signed, sworn, or affirmed, and delivered to the said Commissioners, or such Officer as aforesaid, previous to the Day of the Date or Publication of the Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, to wfiich the Proceedings, civil or criminal, shall relate, an Affidavit or Affirmation that he, she, or they hath or have ceased to be the Printer or Printers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Publisher or Publishers of such Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall not be deemed, by reason of any former Affidavit or Affirmation so delivered as aforesaid, to have been the Printer or Printers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Publisher or Publishers, of such Paper, after the Day on which such last mentioned Affidavit or Affirmation shall have been delivered to the said Commissioners, or their Officer as aforesaid.

Person* making false or imperfect Affidavits, liable to the Penalties for Perjury.

Affidavits to be filed, and they, or cert fied Copies, to be admitted iti all Proceedings, civil or criminal, as Evidence of the Truth of their Contents, against the Persons swearing, and all mentioned -therein, unless proved to the contrary t

But if any Person shall have delivered, previous to the Publication of the Paper to which the Proceedings relate,

an Affidavit that he has ceased to be Printer, &c. he shall not be so deemed after such Delivery.

In Newspaper* there shall be printed the Names and Abode of Printers and Publishers, on Penalty of tool.;

and Proof, in Manner herein mentioned, that the Party is the Printer, &c. to the contrary.

After Production of the Affi-

_w A

davit, or Copy, and a Paper intituled as therein mentioned. See, it shall not be neceflVy for a Prolocutor for Penalties under this Act to prove the Purchase of the Paper.

dc it turiner enduicu, 1 iidi in ionic rart 01 every i>cwi|Mpcr, 01 uuici iuui upci as aiuiuaiu,

be printed the true and real Name and Names, Addition and Additions, and Place and Places of he Printer and Printers, and Publisher and Publishers of the same, and also a true Description of

X. And be it further enacted, That in some Part of every Newspaper, or other such_Paper as aforesaid, there shall

Abode of the SIR, ..

the Place where the same is printed; and in case any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, any such Newspaper or other Paper as aforesaid, not containing the Particulars aforesaid, and every of them, every such Person shall forfeit and lose the Sum ot one hundred Pounds; and that Proof made in Manner herein mentioned, in any Proceeding to recover the same, that the Party proceeded against is a Printer or Publisher of a Newspaper or other such Paper so printed or published as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be Proof that such Party is a Person wilfully and knowingly printing or publishing, or causing the same to be printed or published, unless he shall latis-factorily prove the contrary thereof.

shall be sufficient, unless proved

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary, after any such Affidavitor Affirmation, or a certified Copy thereof, shall have been produced in Evidence as aforesaid against the Persons who signed and made such Affidavit, or are therein named, according to this Act, or any of them, and after a Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, shall be produced in Evidence, intituled in the same Manner as the Newspaper or other Paper mentioned in such Affidavit or Copy is intituled, and wherein the Name or Names of the Printer and Publisher, or Printers and Publishers, and the Place of printing, shall be the same as the Name or Names of the Printer and Publisher, or Printers and Publishers, and the Place of printing mentioned in such Affidavit or Affirmation, for the Plaintiff, Informant, or Prosecutor, or Person seeking to recover any of the Penalties given by this Act, to prove that the Newspaper, or Paper to which such Trial relates, was purchased at any House, Shop, or Office, belonging to or occupied by the Defendant or Defendants, or any of them, or by his or their Servants or Workmen, or where he or they, by themselves or their Servants or Workmen, usually carry on the Business of printing or publishing such Paper, or where the same is usually fold. t

XII. And be it further enacted, That Service at the House or Place mentioned in such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, as the House or Place at which such Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, to which any Proceedings, civil or criminal, shall relate, is printed or published, or intended so to be, of any

leeal Notice, Summons, Subpoena, Rule, Order, or Process, of what Nature whatsoever, or to enforce 38 Geo. III. 5 S an

Service at the Printing House mentioned in Affidavit, to be deemed sufficient Notice to

85S C. 78. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

all Persons named therein:

an Appearance in any Suit, Prosecution, or Proceeding, civil or criminal, against any Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor or any such Newspaper or other Paper, shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Service thereof respectively, against all Persons named in such Affidavit or Affirmation as the Proprietor or Proprietors, Publisher or Publishers, or Printer or Printers of the Newspaper or other Paper mentioned in such Affidavit or Affirmation: Provided always, That if any such Person or Persons respectively as aforesaid shall have signed, sworn, or affirmed, and delivered to the said Commissioners, or such Officer as aforesaid, previous to the Day of the Date or Publication of the Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, to which the Proceeding in Court shall relate, an Affidavit or Affirmation that he or they have ceased to be the Printer or Printers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Publisher or Publishers of such Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, and shall make Proof thereof, such Person or Persons shall not be deemed, by reason of any former Affidavit or Affirmation so delivered as aforesaid, to have been the Proprietor or Proprietors, Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers of such Paper, after the Day on which such last mentioned Affidavit or Affirmation shall have been delivered to the said Commissioners, or such other Officer as aforesaid.

But if any Person shall have delivered previous to the Publication of the Paper to which tl'.e Proceedings relate, an Affidavit. that he has ceased: to be Printer, &c. he shall be not 1 o deemed after such Delivery.

Certified Conies of Affidavits to be delivered on Payment of is.

Copies of Affidavits certified by the Commissioners or Officers in whose Custody they shall be, to be sufficient Evidence.

Penalty of icol. on unauthorized Persons giving Certin. cates.

Penalty of tool, for falsely certifying that Affi. davits were sworn to, or that false Copies are true, &c.

0

A fter fuly 1, 1798, a Copy of every Newspaper to be delivered within fix D^ys of its Publication to the Commissioners of Stamps, or their

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or Officers by whom such Affidavits or Af-

firmations shall be kept, according to the Directions of this Act, shall, and they are hereby required, upon Application made to them by any Person or Persons requiring a Copy certified according to this Act, of any such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, in order that the lame may be produced in any civil or criminal Proceedings, to deliver to the Person so applying for the same such certified Copy, he or they paying for the same the Sum of one Shilling and no more. ’

XIV. And whereas in many Cases it may be productive of public Inconvenience to require that the i Commissioners or Officers before whom such Affidavits or Affirmations, as are hereinbefore mentioned, are made, should be required personally to attend, in order to prove, upon the Trial of any Action, Profecu- tien, Suit, Indictment, Information, or in any other Proceeding, that the Parties signing, ("wearing, oraf- firming, and delivering such Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations, did (wear or affirm the same in the Presence of, and did deliver the same to such Commissioners and Officers, before and to whom the same shall have been sworn, affirmed, or delivered respectively be it enacted, That in all Cases a Copy of any such Affidavit or Affirmation, certified to be a true Copy under the Hand or Hands of one or more of the Commissioners or Officers in whose Possession the same shall be, shall, upon Proof made that such Certificates have been signed with the Hand Writing of the Person or Persons making the same, and whom it shall not be necessary to prove to be a Commissioner or Commissioners, or Officer or Officers, be received in Evidence as sufficient Proof of such Affidavit or Affirmation, and that the same was duly sworn cr affirmed, and of the Contents thereof; and such Copies, so produced and certified, shall also be received 2s Evidence that the Affidavit or Affirmation, of wlvch they purport to be Copies, have been sworn or affirmed according to this Act, and shall have the same Effect, for the Purposes of Evidence, to all Intents w!ui-soever, as if the original Affidavits or Affirmations, of which the Copies so produced and certified shall purport to be Copies, had been produced in Evidence, and been proved to have been duly so certified, I worn, and affirmed, by the Person or Persons appearing by such Copy to have sworn or affirmed the same as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, not being such Commissioner or Officer as aforesaid, shall give any such Certificate as aforesaid, or shall presume to certify any of the Matters or I hings by this Act directed to be certified by such Commissioners and Officers as aforesaid, or which such Commissioners and Officers as aforesaid are hereby empowered or entrusted to certify, he shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it also enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully falsely certify under his Hand, that any such Affidavit or Affirmation, as is required to be made by this Act, was duly signed, and sworn or affirmed before him, the same not having; been so sworn, or signed or affirmed, or shall knowingly and wilfully falsely certify that any Copy or Copies of any Affidavit or Affirmation, or Affidavits or Affirmations, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Affidavit or Affirmation, or Affidavits or Affirmations, of which the same are certified to be such Copy or Copies, or shall knowingly and wilfully falsely certify or express in any Certificate, that the Affidavit or Affirmation, or Affidavits or Affirmations, of which any Copy or Copies are certified to be a true Copy or Copies, was or were duly sworn or affirmed before the Person so certifying, by the Party or Parties whose Name or Names appear subscribed to the same, as the Name or Names of the Party or Parties swearing and signing, or affirming the same, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Printer or Publisher of every Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, shall, upon every Day upon which the same shall be published, or within lix Days after, deliver to the Commissioners of Stamps at their Head Office, or to some Officer to be appointed by them to receive the same, and whom they are hereby required to appoint for that Purpose, one of the Papers so published upon each such Day, signed by the Printer or Publisher thereof, in his Hand Writing, with his Name and Place of Abode, and the same shall be carefully kept by the said Commissioners, or such Officer as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall directj and such Primer or Publisher shall be entitled to demand and receive

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78.

from the Commissioners, or such Officers, once in every six Days, the Amount of the ordinary Price of the Newspapers or other Papers so delivered; and in every Case in which the Printer and Publisher of such Newspaper, or other Paper as aforesaid, shall neg!e<£l to deliver one such Newspaper, or other Paper, in the Manner hereinbefore directed, such Printer and Publisher shall, for every such NegletSt respectively’, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and in case any Person or Persons shall make Application to the Commissioners, or such Officer aforesaid, in order that such Newspaper, or other Paper, so signed by the Printer or Publisher, may be produced in Evidence in any Proceeding, civil or criminal, the said Commissioners, or such Officers, shall, at the Expence of the Party applying, at any Time within two Years from the Publication thereof, either cause the same to be produced in the Court in which the same is required to be produced, and at the Time when the same is required to be produced, or shall deliver the same to the Party applying for it, taking, according to their Discretion, reasonable Security, at his Expence, for the returning the same to the said Commissioners, or such Officer; and in case, by reason that the same shall have been previously required by any other Person to be produced in any Court, or hath been previously delivered to any other Person for the like Purpose, the same cannot be produced at the Time required, or be delivered according to such Application, in such Case the said Commissioners, or such their Officer, shall cause the same to be produced, or shall deliver the same as soon as they are enabled so do.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully print or publish, or cause to be printed or pubhlhed, any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, the same not being printed upon Paper duly stamped according to Law, he shall forfeit and pay, over and above all other Penalties recoverable by Law, the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Newspaper, or other Paper as aforesaid, so printed upon Paper not duly stamped; and Proof made in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, in any Proceeding to recover the same, that the Party proceeded against is a Printer or Publisher of such Newspaper or other Paper as aforesaid, which shall be so printed or published upon Paper not duly stamped according to Law, shall be deemed and taken to be Proof that such Party is a Person wilfully and knowingly printing or publishing, or causing the same to be printed or published, contrary to the present Provihon of this Act unless he shall satisfactorily prove the contrary thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully take or receive into, and keep in his Custody any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, not duly stamped according to Law, such Person shall forfeit and lose, for every such Paper as aforesaid, not duly stamped, which he shall so take or receive into, and keep in his Custody, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall krtowingly or wil-

fully, directly or indirectly, fend or carry, or endeavour to fend or carry, or cause or procure to be sent or carried, or do or cause to be done any Act whatever for or towards the fending or carrying, or for or towards the causing or procuring to be lent or carried, or with Intent that the same should be sent or carried out of Great Britain, any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, the same not being printed on Paper duly stamped according to Law, such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds. x '.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, during the Continuance of the present War, shall knowingly and wilfully, directly or indirectly, fend or carry, or endeavour to fend or carry, or cause or procure to be sent or carried, or do or cause to be done, or be in any Manner concerned in doing or causing to be done any Act whatever, for or towards the fending or carrying, or for or towards the causing and procuring to be sent or carried, or with Intent that the same should be sent or carried any Newlbaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, whether printed upon Paper stamped or not stamped, out of Great Britain into France, Spain or any other Country not being in Amity with his Majesty at the Time of such Act done or permitted to be done, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and shall also be liable to all other Prosecutions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, to which such Person would have been liable in case this Act had not been

Officer, on Penalty ot jocl. the Paper to be paid for by the Commissioners, and may, within two Years alter Publication, be produced as Evidence in any

Proceeding, civil or criminal.

Penalty of atol. for printing or publishing Newspapers not duly stamped.

Penalty of 10l. for having a Newspaper not duly stamped.

Penalty of 100l. for fending or procuring Newspapers not duly stamped to be sent out of Great Britain.

Penalty of 500l. for fending, or procuring to be sent, during the War, Newspapers, stamped or undamped,

to any Country not in Amity with his Majesty.

(Dade.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Oath made before any one Justice of the Peace, that any Person hath in his Possession any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, intended to be sent or carried out of this Kingdom, during the Continuance of the War, into any Country not in Amity with his Majesty, it shall be lawful for such Justice to summon the Person or Persons in whole Custody or Possession the same is, and examine such Person or Persons, for the better Discovery of any other Person or Persons intending to fend or carry, or to cause to be sent or carried, or who have done or caused to be done any Act for or towards the fending or carrying the same, or causing the same to be sent or carried out of Great Britain into any Country not in Amity with his Majesty; and in case any Person so summoned shall not fubrnit to be examined, and answer all such lawful Questions as shall be afkedof him, he shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied by such Justice in the Manner herein after directed touching Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, and shall be liable to be committed, in like Manner, in case the same cannot be so levied, for the Space of three Months, as is herein after directed in Cases in which such Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, cannot be levied for Want of sufficient Distress; and it shall be lawful for such Justice to fcize and take as forfeited to his Majesty all such Papers.

5 S 2 XXIII. And

On Oath that any Person hat a Newspaper Intended to be sent to any Country not In Amity with his Majesty, a Justice may summon and examine the farty.

Penalty for not answering lawful Questions, 50l.

§ 29-Papers to be forfeited.

I

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

860

C. 78.

A.D. 1798.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Proprietor of any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, shall be resident out of Great Britain, the Name and Place of Abode of such Proprietor shall be specified in such Affidavit or Affirmation as are hereinbefore required to be made and delivered as aforesaid.

XXIV. And whereas Matters tending to excite Hatred and Contempt of the Person of his Majesty, and of the Constitution and Government established in these Kingdoms, are frequently published in News- papers, or other Papers, under Colour of having been copied from Foreign Newspapers, or other Papers of a like Nature be it enacted, That if any Person shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, in any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, that shall be printed or published in that Part of Great Britain called England, any Matter or Thing having such Tendency as aforesaid, as having been previously printed or published in some Foreign Paper or Print, which hath net been previously so printed or published, such Person shall, being lawfully convicted thereof, be committed to Prison for any Time not exceeding twelve nor less than six Months, and shall be liable to such other Punishment as may by Law be inflicted in Cases of high Misdemeanors; and in every Proceeding against any Person in respect of his having so printed or published as aforesaid any such Matter or Thing as aforesaid, it shall be incumbent upon the Person against whom the Proceeding shall be, to make Proof that the same had been previously printed and published in some Foreign Paper or Print; and in case he shall fail so to do, the same shall be deemed and taken not to have been lb previously printed and published.

the Defendant.

After 40 Days after passing this Act, none but Comwfif- fionsrs of Stamps, or their Officer, to supply Paper stamped for printing Newspapers, until the Person so supplying has given Secwrity to deliver, once In six Weeks, an Account of the Quantities and Kind fold, tec. on Penalty of i col.

Persons concerned in printing or publishing Newspapers

not l?s»:ly stampe(‘, to be Debtors to his Majesty in the Sum that would luve accrued if duly stamped, &c.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after forty Days next after the passing of this Act, no Person, other than a Commissioner or Officer of his Majesty's Stamp Duties, shall fell or supply to any Person or Persons, Paper stamped for the Purpose of being used for printing Newspapers, or other such Papers as aforesaid, until the Person so felling or supplying the same shall have given such Security to the said Commissioners, or some of their Officers to be by them appointed for that Purpose, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, duly to deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners, once in six Weeks, a true and accurate Account of the Quantities and Kinds of such stamped Paper by them fold and supplied during such Weeks, and to whom by Name, and that such Persons so felling or supplying such Paper will not fell or supply any such Paper to or on Account of any Persons, save only to or on Account of such Persons as shall ordinarily deal in the felling and supplying such Paper, or to or on Account of Printers, Publishers, or Proprietors of Newspapers or such other Papers; and that they will not fell or supply the same to or on Account of any such Printers, Publishers, or Proprietors, until the Persons applying to them for the same shall have delivered to them a Certificate, signed by one or more of the said Commissioners, or some Officer to be appointed by them for that Purpose, purporting that such Security as is required by Law hath been given by the Printers and Proprietors respectively of the Newspaper or other Paper, for the printing of which such stamped Paper is to be sold or supplied, and that such Affidavits or Affirmations have been made and delivered respecting the same as are required by this Act; and that they will not fell or supply any such Paper, to or on Account of any Printers, Proprietors, or Publishers of Newspapers, or other such Papers as aforesaid, with respect to whom Notice shall be given to them by the said Commissioners that such Security is not duly given, oris not remaining in Force, or that the Parties who have given the same are dead, or are gone abroad, or are not to be found, or that such Parties have given Notice that they are no longer concerned as Printers, Publishers, or Proprietors of such Newspapers or other Papers, or that no such Affidavits or Affirmations respecting the same, as are required by this Act, have been made and delivered; and in case any Person, other than such as aforesaid, shall, after forty Days as aforesaid, fell or supply any such Paper as aforesaid, not having previously given such Security as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered as herein after is mentioned.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Persons printing or publishing, orcauling to be printed or published, or being concerned, either as Proprietors or otherwise, in printing or publishing, or causing to be printed or published, any Newspaper or other such Paper as aforesaid, upon Paper not stamped, or not stamped as by Law is required, shall be deemed and taken to owe to his Majesty such Sums as would have accrued to his Majesty in case the same had been printed upon Paper duly stamped; and in case any Information or Bill shall be filed, or other Proceeding shall be had on his Majesty's Behalf, for Discovery of the Matters aforesaid, and an Account and Payment of such Sums, it shall not be lawful for the Defendant, on any Account, to plead or demur to such Information, Bill, or Proceeding, but he and they shall be com-pellab'e to make such Discovery as is thereby required to be made: Provided nevertheless, That such Dil-covcry shall not be made use of as Evidence or otherwise in any Proceeding against the Defendant or Defendants, lave only in that Proceeding in which the Discovery is made.

c XXVIII. And

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78, 79.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall file any Bill in any Court for the Discovery of the Names of any Persons concerned in the Property of, or as Printers, Editors, or Pub-lifhers of, or otherwise, in any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, or of any Matters relative to the printing or publishing thereof, in order to enable him or them the more effectually to bring or carry on any Suit or Action for Damagesby him or them alledged to have been sustained by reason of any slanderous or libellous Matter contained in any such Newspaper or other Paper as aforesaid, respecting such Person or Persons, it shall not be lawful for the Defendants to plead or demur to such Bill, but they shall be compellable to make the Discovery thereby required: Provided nevertheless, That such Discovery shall not be made use of as Evidence or otherwise, in any Proceeding against the Defendants, save only in that Proceeding in which the Discovery is made.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall (except where this Act hath otherwise directed *) be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at IViJhninJier, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of CJirJler, Lancaster, and Durham, or in the Court of Session or Court of Exchequer in Scotland,

ias the Cale shall require,) wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one mparlanee shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which dull not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Diffrcfs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus, if 3ny, on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels have been so distrained and fold; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required, in all Cases where no particular Time of Commitment is hereinbefore directed, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding,’Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months j and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be, as to one Moiety thereof, to and for the Use of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and as to the other Moiety thereof, to and for the Use of such Person who shall inform or sue for the same, except in such Cases in which the Application thereof is otherwise directed by this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made in pursuance of this Act by any Justice of the Peace shall be removed by Certiorari, Advocation, or Suspension, out of the County, Riding, Stewartry, or Place, wherein such Order or Conviction shall be made, into any Court whatever; and that no Writ of Certiorari, Advocation, or Suspension shall supersede Execution, or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, save and except so much thereof as relates to the printing or publishing Newspapers, or such other Papers as aforesaid, upon Paper not duly damped, and so much thereof as relates to the taking and receiving into, and keeping in the Custody of any Person any such Newspapers or other Papers not duly stamped, and to the fending or carrying Newspapers or other such Papers as aforesaid out of Great Britain, and to the summoning and examining Persons for the Discovery of such Persons as are concerned in so (ending or carrying the same, and the seizing and taking the same as

forfeited.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to repeal or alter this Act during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIX.

i'll il t j f

An Act more effectually to prevent, during the War, Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to or remaining in France, or any Country or Place united to France, or occupied by the Armies of France and to prevent Correspondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies.

[28th June 1798.]

« T^OR preventing all traitorous Correspondence with his Majesty's Enemies be it enacted by the P King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person, being a Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, at any Time during the Continuance of the War, voluntarily go or repair, directly or indirectly, or embark in any Vessel with Intent to go or repair, directly or indirectly, to France, or any Country or Place united to France, or occupied by the Armies of France, at the Time when such Act shall be done, every such Person, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

~ v II. And

861

To Bills for the Discovery of Proprietors, Printers, Editors, or Pub-lifhers, of Newspapers, the Defendants shall not demur; but shall make the Discovery required.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

See §22.

No Order or Conviction of a Justice to be removed into any Court or the

perfeded.

Act to extend to Scotland in certain Cases only.

Act may be repealed or altered this Session.

If any Subject shall during the War go, or embark to go, to France, or any Place united thereto, or occupied by its Armies, he Hull be guilty of Felony without Clergy.

862

C. J9<

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

if any such

Perforthalshire, let, or be concerned in hiring, letting, &c. any Vessel for such Purpose, he shall be transported for seven Years.

‘If any such Person who since

M*y.i, 1798, shall have vo-luetarily gone to, or remained in France, &c. f/haJl voluntarily. remain out of his Majesty's Dominions for six Months after passing this Act

and if any Subject shall cor-respond with any such Person so voluntar ly remaining the re, 'hefhillhe guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

Jf any Subject ./hall corrtspond with the Persons rxercifing the Powers of Government in France, &c. or x with any of their Agents, he shall be guilty of Felony without Clergy

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being a Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, at any Time during the Continuance of the War, knowingly and wilfully hire, let, engage, agree for, procure, or furnish, or endeavour to hire, let, engage, agree for, procure, or furnish, or cause or procure to be hired, let, engaged, agreed for, procured, or furnished, or be concerned in the hiring, letting, engaging, agreeing for, procuring, or furnishing, any Vessel, with Intent that such Person, or any other Subje<h of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, Thould therein go, or repair, or embark therein with Intent to go or repair, directly or indirectly, to France, or any other such Country or Place as aforesaid, every such Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be transported for any Time, not exceeding ieven Years, to such Place or Places as his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall direct.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being a Subject of his Majesty, who, since the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety*eight, hath voluntarily gone into or remained in France, or any such other Country or Place as aforesaid, shall voluntarily and wilfully remain out of his Majesty's Dominions for six Months after the passing of this Act, not having obtained the Licence of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for so remaining, or if any such Person who shall have so remained out of his Majesty's Dominions, not having such Licence, shall at any Time voluntarily and wilfully return into Great Britain, without the Licence of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for that Purpose first had and obtained, every such Person, being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be convicted of such Offence, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding two Years.

or shall return without Licence, he shall be imprisoned;. \ TkJfJ*

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, during the Continuance of the War, within this Realm or without, knowingly hold, entertain, or keep any Correspondence whatsoever, in Person, or by Letters, Messages, or otherwise, with any of his Majesty's Subjects who shall so voluntarily go, or repair to, or who having so voluntarily gone into, or remained in France, or any other such Country or Place as aforesaid, shall so voluntarily and wilfully remain for six Months out of his Majesty's Dominions as aforesaid, every such Person so offending, being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. ! 1! 0^1

# 1

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Subject of his Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, shall, during the present War, within this Realm or without, hold, entertain, or keep any Intelligence or Correspondence whatever, in Person, or by Letters, Messages, or otherwise, with the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, or in any other such Country or Place as aforesaid, or with any of such Persons, or with any Person or Persons in any Manner employed by them, or any of them, knowing such Person or Persons to be so employed, such Person so offending shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Act not to extend to Persons authorized by his Majesty, or to any Act done in his Majesty's Set vice.

Where Offences may be tried.

Persons tried under this Act not to be tried again for the same Offence, as Treason j but Offenders not so tried, may be tried for High Treason, Sec Limitation of Actions.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Act done, or which shall be done, by any Person, or in any Place, by virtue of or in obedience to or under the Authority of a Licence, such Licence, when granted, to be granted without Fee, from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, either general or special, under his or their Sign Manual, or by Order in Council, or Proclamation, or from any Person or Persons authorized by him or them under his Sign Manual, or otherwise, to give such Licence and Authority; or to any Act done or which shall be done in his Majesty's Service, or relative thereto, by any Person or Persons employed, or who shall be employed therein; or to any Act done, or which shall be done, by any Person or Persons in aiding or ailifting, or relative to such Persons whilst so employed.

VII. Provided also, 'and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed against this Act on the High Seas, or out of this Realm, or within that Part of Great Britain called England shall and may be alledged and laid, enquired of, prosecuted, tried, and determined, before any Court of Oyer and erminer or Gaol Delivery, for any County in that Part of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form as if such Offence had been therein committed; and if committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall and may be prosecuted, tried, and determim-d, either before the Juf-ticiary Court of Edinburgh, or in any of the Circuit Courts in that Part of the United Kingdom: Provided also, That any Person who shall be tried and acquitted, or convicted, of any Offence against this Act, shall not be liable to be indicted, prosecuted, or tried* again for the same Offence, as High Treason or Misprision of Treason, or as an Offence against any other Act; and that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to prevent any Person guilty of any Offence against this Act, and who shall not be tried for the same as an Offence against this Act, from being tried for the same as High Treason or Misprision of High Treason, or as an Offence against any other Act, in such Manner as it this Act had not been made: Provided also, That no Prosecution shall be commenced under this Act, after the Party so to be prosecuted shall have been twelve Months in Great Britain subsequent to the Time when the Offence was committed.

i!

II

i*

H

r

i

I

ni

i

i

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Gb org 11 III. C. 79, 80, 81.

863

Persons adjudged to be trans-

Cap. 41. of this Session recited* (Schedule A.)

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person ordered or adjudged to be transported under this Act shall be found at laige within this Realm after Sentence of Transportation pronounced, and before the (t(J and a^ Time shall be expired for which such Person was sentenced to be transported, he shall be guilty of Jbelony^ {ervvar(js found and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy. at large, guilty of Felony without Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act as relates to holding or keeping Intelligence or Commencement Correspondence as aforesaid, shall commence and take Effect, with respect to any Act done in this Realm, of Act. on the first Day of duguji next; and with respect to any Act done out of this Realm and in Europe, from and after the Expiration of three Months after the passing of this Act; and with respect to any Act done out of Europe, from and after the Expiration of iix Months after the passing of this Act.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to exptain and amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof.

[28th June 1798.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof \ the substituced Duties upon Male Servants are directed not to extend to any Male Servant retained or employed solely for the Purposes of any Trade or Calling by which the Master or Mistress of such Servant earns a Livelihood: And whereas Doubts may arise whether the Matters or Mistresses of Waiters herein after mentioned are thereby exempted from the said Duties:'

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the substituted Duties granted by the said Act shall extend to and be payable for all Waiters in Taverns, Coffee Houses, Inns,

Alehouse's, or any other Houses licer.fed to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by Retail, except occasional Waiters, any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

i(i. .* except

II. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Duties imposed by the said recited Act on Male Persons never having been married, in respect of their Servants, are to be charged in addition to any other Duties to whico such Male Persons may be liable in respect of such Servants ;* be it therefore enacted, That every Male Person never having been married, who shall retain or employ any Male Servant in any of the several Capacities referred to by the said Act, shall be charged with the respective Duties to which any other Person or Persons may be charged, and also with the additional yearly Sum of one Pound and ten Shillings, in the said Act mentioned, for every such Male Servant retained and employed by such Male Person never having been married.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties to be charged by virtue of this Act shall be charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid, by the same Persons, and under the same Powers, and in like Manner in all Respects, as the fubttttuted Duties charged by virtue of the said Act are directed to be charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for the better Execution of an Act: of the present Session of Parliament, intituled,.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Projection of the War.

[28th June 1798.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes are required to cause to be prepared, true Schedules of the respective Persons assessed to the Duties therein mentioned in two or more Places, together with the Amount of their Assessments,

to be transmitted to the Commissioners for executing the said Act in their respective Divisions, in order that the Persons assessed in two or more Places to the like Duties may be charged by virtue of the said Act, upon the Aggregate of the said Assessments*: And whereas, for Want of due and sufficient Re- turns of such Persons, the said Commissioners have not been able to complete such Schedules previous to the Time appointed for signing and allowing the Certificates of Assessment to be made under the said Act May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Commissioner* his Majesty's Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, from such further Returns as they shall have received of Taxes may or shall at any Time receive, respecting the Assessments of Persons assessed in two or more Places to the from lurther

Kf, Dut* R*tun»r«spedb

The substituted Duties thereby granted to extend to Waiters in Taverns, &c. occasional Ones.

Batchelors to pay an additional annual Duty of iL. ios. for each Mai© Servant.

Duties to be charged, Scc. as the substituted Duties.

Cap. 16. of this Session recited.

(See §51. of the recited uiSi.)

864

C. 81.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or on Inhibited Houses, or any other the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners at the Time of passing the said Act, from Time to Time to cause to be prepared, true and perfect Schedules of such Persons, with the Amounts of their respective Assessments at every of such Places, and to cause the same to be transmitted to the respective Commissioners for executing the said Act, within the respective Divisions where each of such Assessments shall have been made; and the respective Commissioners for executing the said Act shall, within their respective Divisions, as soon after the Receipt of any such Schedules as conveniently may be, cause an Assessment to be made according to the Directions of the said Act, conformably to the Schedules so transmitted,'which Assessment so made shall and is hereby declared to be good and effectual in Law, notwithstanding any former Assessment under the said Act, and notwithstanding any Payments under such former Assessment, to bind the Person or Persons to the Payment of the Sums charged in such latter Assessment from the Time of passing the said Act, subject nevertheless to such Relief, Abatement, and Allowance, and to such Appeals as by the said Act or this Act is directed in Cases of Assessment.

»ng Affc.ffments of Persons affclTed in two Places to the t)uties on Houses, &c.

C3nfe Schedules to be prepared and transmitted to the Commissioners for executing the recited Act, who shall cause Assessments to be made conformably thereto, which shall bind the Parties, to Payment of the Sums charged, from the Time of passing the former A6>.

Payments upon former Assessments to be deduced from In-flalments of Affe/fments under this &c.

Where Surveyors certify Errors in Assessments under recited A^>, the Commissioners to determine thereupon according to this Act, Sec,

II. Provided always, That where any Payment or Payments shall have been made upon any former Assessment upder the said Act, before the Time of flgning, or Allowance of the Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, such Payment or Payments shall be dedudkd from the Amount of any Instalmentor Instalments to be discharged upon any Assessment made in purfuar.ee of this Act: Provided also, That no Payment shall be demanded upon any Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, until and upon the Time appointed by the said Act for the Payment of the Instalment next ensuing the flgning and allowing the Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, and that at the Time of such first Payment, all Differences between the Sums actually paid on such former Assessment, and the Sums which ought to have been due according to the Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be adjusted, and the Balance on either Side be paid or allowed as the Case may require, so that no more or less shall be returned into the Receipt of Exchequer, in the Whole, by any Payments, whether under the former or any new Assessment, than the Sums charged according to the Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, and upon the making of any such Assessment as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, the former Assessment upon the same Person in respect of the said additional Duties shall cease and determine.

III. And whereas the Surveyors and Inspectors are empowered by the said Act to examine the AflelT- ment before and after the Allowance thereof, and if they find any Error therein, to certify the same to the respective Commissioners be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Surveyor or In-spector shall have discovered or certified, or shall discover or certify, to the Commissioners for executing the said Act, any Error in any such Assessment, the Commissioners for executing the said Act are hereby required, at the Request of such Surveyor or Inspector, to hear and examine into the same as soon after

Surveyors or Parties charged by their Certificates, if diflatiffied with Determinations of the Commissioners, may require a Case to be Aated for the Opinion of the Jiid^es,

Sc c.

as may also the Commissioners upon any Matter of Law.

the passing of this Act, 2s they conveniently can, and to make their Determination thereupon according to the Directions of this Act, and to cause the Assessment of such Person or Persons to be amended accordingly, which Assessment or Assessments so amended shall have Efredt from the Time of the Commencement of the said Act, and the Determination of the Commissioners thereupon shall be binding upon the Parties from the Time of passing the said Act, as if the said Assessment had been originally so made, and upon the Payment thereupon of the first Infialment next ensuing such Determination, the like Adjustment and Balance of the Sums paid on the said Assessment before the Amendment thereof, and of the Sum due on the Assessment so amended, shall be made and (truck as is hereinbefore directed; and such Assessment so amended shall be conclusive, except as herein after is excepted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Surveyor or Inspector delivering, or causing to be delivered, any such Certificate as aforesaid, or any Party charged by such Certificate, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such Determination, or if any Party who shall have appealed against any Assessment made by virtue of the said Act, shall, within two Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, or if any Person, whose Appeal against any such Assessment shall be determined after the passing of this Act, shall, at the Time of such Determination, declare himself or herself dissatisfied with the Determination upon such Appeal, and shall give Notice to the Surveyor or Inspector for the District where such Appeal shall have been made of his or her Intention to require a Case as herein after mentioned, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Inspector, and for such Party respectively, to require the Commissioners acting for the Division where such Certificate was delivered, or such Appeal was made, to state specially the Case upon which the Question arole, together with their Determination thereupon; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at any Meeting within such Division where such Request shall be made, are hereby required to state and lign such Case accordingly; and every such Case shall be transmitted to the respective Justices, Barons, or Judges, of the respective Courts in England and Scotland, for their Opinion thereon, in the Manner directed by Law, with respect to the Duties under the Management of his Majesty's Commissioners for the^ Affairs of Taxes, and subject to the like Rules, Penalties, and Restrictions, to which the Persons requi ing such Cases to be transnitted are by Law subject: Provided always, That the said Commissioners acting for the Dwifion where such Certificate shall be delivered, or Appeal shall be made, may, upon any Matter of Law

arising thereupon in respect of the Duties granted by the said Act, state a Case for, and require the Opinion

of.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 81. 865

Where Persons

have been affeflid under recited Act, to the Duties then payable by Assessments prior to April 6, 1798, the Assessment on the Amount of the Duties shall be of those Duties.

If any Person shall, after April 5, 1798, be afTcss in respect to the substitured Duties to a greater Amount than the prior Assessment, wholly by reason of the

Encrtafeof such

of, such Justices, Judges, or Barons, in like Manner as they are authorized to do by any Law now in force with respect to the Duties now under the Management of his Majesty's Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes., 1, ,

V. 4#And whereas, since the passing of the said Act, the Duties therein mentioned then payable have been repealed, and other Duties have been substituted in lieu thereof;’ be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person shall have been assessed to any of the Duties then payable, by any Assessment made prior to the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Assessment made by virtue of the said Act on the Amount of the said Duties then payable, shall, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said Duties then payable, or any Thing in the said Acts contained, or either of them, be in full Force and Effect; and every Assessment made or to be made by virtue of the said Act, on any Person so assessed to any of the said Duties then payable, shall, notwithstanding the Repeal of the same by the said Acts, or any Thing herein contained, be calculated on the Amount of the Duties then payable, contained in such Assessment of the same; and every such Assessment shall be valid and effectual notwithstanding such Repeal, or any Thing in the said Acts contained, or either of them. in force, &c. notwithstanding the Repeal

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, by any Assessment made after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be assessed, in respect of the substituted Duties now payable, to any greater Amount than the Amount contained in the prior Assessment of the Duties payable at the passing of the said Act, and such Encrease shall arise wholly by reason of the Encrease of the substituted Duties now payable, and not by any Encrease in Number of any of the Subjects of such Assessment, such Person shall not be charged with any further additional Duty by reason of such encreased Amount: Provided always, That if such encreased Amount, or any Part thereof, shall be found to arise by reason of any Encrease in the Number of any of the Subjects of such Assessment, then such Part of the said Encrease as shall so arise shall be added to the Amount of the Duties contained in the former Assessment whereorf the

additional Duty was calculated; and the said Duty shall thenceforth be calculated on the Amount of such Sums when added as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person not assessed within the Year ending the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to any of the Duties, payable at and immediately before the passing of the said Act, therein mentioned, shall be assessed to any of the substituted Duties now payable in any subsequent Year, during the Term in the said Act mentioned, such Person shall be charged to the additional Duty granted by the said Act, on the Amount of the substituted Duties contained in such Assessment, although such Duties were not payable at the Time of the passing of the said

k 4* charged to the additional Duty granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. on the Amount of the substituted Dutiei;

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Relief intended to be given by the said Act to any Person who shall have ceased to keep any Servant, Carriage, or Horse, before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be construed to extend to all such Persons who shall have bona fide remained during the whole Interval between the said first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the Time of hearing any Appeal, in pursuance of this Act, without any Servant, Carriage, or Horse, liable to the Duties payable by Law on such Servants, Carriages, and Horses respectively, in lieu of the former Servant, Carriage, or Horse; and every Person coming under the Cir- cumstances above stated, and not having received the Relief thereby intended, shall be at liberty to appeal from any Assessment under the said Act, in respect of any such Servant, Horse, or Carriage; for which Purpose a Day or Da^s of Appeal shall be appointed as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, or in Default of such Appointment, the same shall be heard on any Day or Days appointed for hearing and determining Appeals against any Assessment of the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, by the Laws in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act.

IX. And whereas, in some Instances, Theatres and other Places of Public Shew or Entertainment have been assessed under the Authority of the said Act of this Session of Parliament, as Inhabited Houses,

by which they will be subject to the highest Rate of Duty thereby imposed, and it is expedient that the Proprietors of such Places should be relieved therefrom be it therefore further enacted, That every Theatre or other Place duly licensed for Public Shew or Entertainment, except such Part thereof which shall be occupied as a Dwelling House, shall be charged to the Duties granted by the said Act, under the like Rules, Methods, and Regulations as are in the said Act prescribed with respect to Houses, Part whereof shall be occupied as Shops; and the Commissioners for executing the said Act shall, in every Case where any Assessment of any Theatre or other licensed Place aforesaid lnall have been otherwise made, shall cause the same to be amended, and the Duties contained in such amended Assessment to be levied accordingly, in pursuance of the Rules hereinbefore prescribed, with respect to Assessments altered or amended in any of the Cases before mentioned.

substituted Duties, he shall not be charged with a further additional Duty, &c.

If Any Person rot aiTcfted within the Year ending April 5, 179S, shall be affc/fed to the substituted Duties, h© shall b©

Persons having cciifed to keep Servants, &c. before Nov. r, 1797, entitled to the Relief intended under $ iz. of the recited Act, and may appeal after passing this Act.

Places of Public Entertainment, except such Parts as are occupied asDwell-ing Houses, to be charged as Houses Part whereof are Shops.

38 Geo. III.

S-T

CAP.

866

C. 82

85.

Anno tricesimo o&avo GEORGi i III. A.D. 1798

&c f. 76*

37 Geo. 3. c.oo*

iS l*> 12> x3*)

CAP. LXXXII.

a Ajnc *r N* ii;t;nnal Sun of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Hills, for the Service of the

J cdl uilt r_ :n'.,.A ko ra^iueH ->min in

3,500,000l. to be raised Derore uec. 1, 17^0.

Payment of any Taxes, nor exchanged, before Jan. 5, 1799- Principal and Interest, with Charges, to be repaid out of the hrft Supplies granted next Session; and if the Supplies granted before April 5,

4C 1799*» are inefficient, to be charged on the Consolidated bund."

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to authorize Exchequer Rills to be issued on the Credit of the Loan granted by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions by way cf

Annuities.

[28th June 1798.] g|/* Eg

Cap. 37. of this Session recitod. 3,000,000l. may be raised by Exchequer Bills, before Nov* 23, 1798, on the Credit of the Loan granted by recited Act; to bear an Interest not exceeding 3d. iq. pa Cent. per Diem, and to be received in three Months after their Date as Cash in Payment of Taxes, ami

of any instalment of the Loan of 17,000,000 If - \

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury tp issue Exchequer Bills, toa limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and also on such Rates and Duties as may be granted by any Act of this Session for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the

Tonnage of Ships entering Outwards or Inwards.

[28th June 1798.]

Tonnage of Ships entering v^utwarus or mwaiuo —^ u

Caps. 16, 76, of this Session recited. Commissioners of the Treasury may, after July 5, 1798, ifTie Exchequer Bills to the Amount of 1,750,000l. payable out of the Duties and Contributions ai ding by recited Acts, three Months after the Date of such Bills, in like Manner as is prescribed by the Malt Ad of this Session concerning Exchequer Bills. The Bills to bear an Imerefl not exceeding 3 d. 2 q. per Cent. per Diem, and such of them as shall not be paid out of the Duties and Contributions aforesaid, shall be received at the Exchequer as Cash three Months after the Date thereof."

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for explaining and amending certain Acts relating to the Stamp Duties; and for extending the Rates and Duties of Stamps, now payable on Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper, to all other Materials.

[a8th June 1798.]

others, prafiijing in certain Courts of JuJhcem Great

Sfamn I JlltV. in

ritain; certain Provisions are made to enforce the

~ hold Tenement, and also in mentioned in any Surrender, Admittance, or Instrument ot Admittance, whereupon a IUVCI di A iiiw muit je due or payable to the Lord

or Lady of any Honor or Manor, or a several Fee shall be demanded or received by any Steward pr

" r r ~NAo»>/\r with rprfain Penalties on the Steward or Officer of any

Distinct Stamp Duties not required in respect of each Tenement mentioned in any Surrender, &c. except In cort«n cases.

And whereas great Difficulties may arise in ascertaining for wftat particular i enemcma iliw I UIVJ -4F 4 the Lord or Lady of any Honor or Manor may be due and payable, or for what particular Tenement

the Fees received by the Steward or other Officer of such Manor may be demanded, where several and

in fKf. Tamp Surrender or Instrument of Admittance before the

d; and be it eoaded Lords Spiritual and

by the King’s most excellent Majesty, Dy and wiui uic HU Vice ailU V^VillVMW vs *.*- ——

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, distinct and several Stamp Duties shall not be required, except in such Cases only where the Tenements mentioned in the same Surrender, Admittance, Copy or Inflrumenc of Admittance, shall, before the passing of the said recited Act, have been surrendered, granted, or conveyed, in and by different Surrenders, Admittances, Copies or Instruments of Admittance, in which cases, a several and distinct Stamp Duty shall be charged in respect of each and every such Tenement of

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 85. 867

the Value of twenty Shillings per Annum, or upwards, which at any Time, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be added to any other Tenement, or mentioned therewith, to be surrendered, granted, or conveyed in or by the same Surre nder, Admittance, Copy or Instrument of Admittance, and if any Steward or other Officer of any Copyhold Court, or of any Customary or Tenant-Right Court, shall mention or describe, or permit or procure to be mentioned or described, in any Surrender, Admittance, Copy of Court Roll, or Instrument of Admittance, several Tenements which were not severally comprized in the same Surrender, Admittance, Copy of Court Roll, oj Instrument of Admittance, made before the passing of the said recited >*d, without procuring the Surrender, Admittance, Copy or Instrument of Admittance, in which the said Tenements shall be lo mentioned or describeJ, to be duly damped, and the Duty paid for the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act and this Act, every such Steward or Officer shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the like Penalties, and be liable in like Manner for the Duty directed to be paid as aforesaid, and for the Penalties incurred, a* any such Steward or Officer may be subject to by the said recited Act for Offences committed against the same.

Officers of Copyhold Courts, fee. describing in any Surrender, Arc. Tenements not fevc-rally comprized in the same Surrender, &c. made prior to rrcited Aefr, without being duly damped, liable to Penalties under recited A6h

3 S Geo. 3. c. 49* 15, 16, 19.) recited, and the Matters thereby required to be done by the Clerks of the Peace, fc:. to be executed by such Persons as the Comra.f-h oners for Stamps ffi all appoint.

Persons so appointed to have such Allowance for Incidents at the Commissioners shall

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Ponder, the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, or Stewart Clerks, or their respective Deputies, are required to execute certain Matters prescribed by the said Act to be done by them respectively: And whereas it is apprehended that the said Services may more conveniently be performed by Persons to be appointed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper \ be it further enacted, That the several Matters which by the said Act are required to be done by the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, or Stewart Clerks, or their respective Deputies, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be carried into Execution by such Persons as the said Commissioners for the Time being, for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to appoint; and the Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall have the like Authority to grant Copies of any Lifts or Paris thereof, and shall be entitled to the like Fees for such Copies as the said Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, Stewart Clerks, or Deputies, are now authorized to grant and entitled unto, and the Copies so to be granted shall be of the like Validity in all Respeds as any Copies granted according to the Directions of the said recited Act: Provided always,

That the Persons so to be appointed, shall have such Allowance and no other, for their incidental Expences, as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall think reasonable, and shall be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures in all Respects as the said Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks,

Sheriffs Depute, Stewart Clerks, or their Deputies respectively, are made subject and liable to by the said

recitc<l Act. think reasonable, and to be subject to the like Penalties as Clerks of the Peace, &c.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Policy of Insurance made after the passing of this Act for Po’icicsof in-insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, shall be exempt from the Stamp Duties granted by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Stamp Duty on Deeds.

37 Geo. 3. c. ill

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Rates and Duties now chargeable on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in respect of any Matter or Thing engrossed, written, or printed thereon,

shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid upon every other Material of what Nature or Kind soever, on which any of the said Matters or Things shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be engrossed, printed, or written, which several and respective Rates and Duties shall be charged, ascertained, and secured in like Manner as the Duties now payable on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper are directed to be charged, ascertained, and secured by the Laws now in force.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Methods, Articles,

Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Applications of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things, which, in and by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, relating to any of the Rates and Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be in full Force and Effed, with relation to the Rates and Duties to be charged on all other Materials as aforesaid, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and securing the said Rates and Duties on all other Materials as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaqing of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with relation to all other Materials as aforesaid.

furance from I*oftes by Fire exempt from Dutiei granted

Duties now chargeable on Vtllum, &c. to extend to all Materials cn which the like Matter, shall be engrolTcd, printed, or written,

and the Powers relating to the same to extinct to all such Mi tc rials.

s T

CAP.

I

868

The Offices of

Inspector of Prosecutions, ice. in the Customs, not to be hereafter granted; and such of them as are vacant, and the others as they become vacant,’ to be abolished.

The Offices of Rcsifter General of Trading Ships, &c. not to be granted, and such of them as are vacant, and the others as they become vacant, to be abolished, save as herein after mentioned. {Sec $ 4.)

The present Officers not compellable to any other Duty than as heretofore.

The Commissioners of the Customs, with the Approba. tien of the Treasury, may provide for the Execution of the Duties of such of the last mentioned Offices as shall appear to be necessary, &c.

The Salary, &c. as Collector Outwards in the

Tort of London*

C. 86. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for abolishing certain Offices in the Customs, and for regulating certain other Offices therein; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund.

[28th June 1798.]

WHEREAS certain Offices in his Majesty's Customs in England^ which have been usually granted

by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, have been found to be unnecessary; and other Offices in the said Customs, which have been also usually granted by like Letters Patent, although the Duties, or foine thereof, are necessary or useful, have been commonly executed by Deputies appointed by the Pa- tentees respectively; and several of such Offices are now vacant, and others are held by Letters Patent heretofore granted; and it is expedient that some of the said Offices should be abolished, and that others should not in future be granted by Letters Patent, and should be abolished, so far as any of the Duties thereof shall appear not to be necessary or useful; and that Provision should be made for the Discharge of such Duties, in such Manner as shall be found convenient for the Public Service May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Offices in the Customs, of Inspector of Prosecutions, Register of Goods seized, and of Informations and Suits, Inspector and Examiner of the Books of the Patent, and other Officers of the Ports, Surveyor General of the Customs, and Subsidiesin the Port of London, Customers or Collectors at the Out Ports, and Keeper of the Books of Entries for the Port of London, shall not, nor shall any of them, from and after the passing of this Act, be granted to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and that such of the said several Offices as are vacant shall forthwith be, and the same are hereby wholly abolished; and that such of them as are not vacant shall hereafter, from Time to Time as the same shall respectively become vacant, be in like Manner abolished 5 and the same are hereby, from and after the respective Times when the same shall respectively become vacant as aforesaid, wholly abol i shed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Offices of Register General of Trading Ships, Inspector of the Out Port Collators Accounts and Vouchers, Comptroller of the Customs in the Port of London, excepting the Duties on Cloth, Wool, and Leather exported; Collector of the Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage in the Port of London, Collector of the Customs of Tonnage and Poundage Outwards in the Port of London and Keeper of the Cocquet Seal, nineteen Waiters commonly called King's Waiters in the Port of London, Chief Patent Searcher of the Customs in the Port of London, five Under Searchers in the Port of London, two Searchers at Gravesend, Comptroller at the Out Ports, Searchers at the Out Ports, and four King’s Waiters in the Port of Bristol^ being Offices the Duties N whereof are in Part useful and necessary, shall not, nor shall any of such Offices, from and after the passing of this Act, be granted to any Person or Persons by Patent or otherwise, save as herein after mentioned, and that such of them as are vacant shall forthwith be abolished, and the same are hereby abolished, save as herein after provided, and that such of them as are not vacant shall hereafter, from Time to Time as the same shall respectively become vacant, be in like Manner abolished; and the same are hereby accordingly, from and after the respective Times when the same shall respectively become vacant, abolished, save as herein after mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Officers before mentioned, nor any of them, shall not be compelled to any other Attendance on the Duty of their several Offices during the Continuance of the existing Grants to them than has heretofore been given. '[ 1

IV. Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, with the Approbation of the High Treasurer or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to provide for the Execution of such of the Duties of the several Offices last mentioned, as shall in their Judgment appear to be necessary or useful, either by appointing (by Instruments under their Hands, with the Approbation aforesaid) proper Persons to execute, during their Pleasure, such necessary and useful Duties of so many of the said Offices as are vacant as aforesaid, and of so many of the said Offices as are not vacant, when and as the same shall respectively become vacant, and by consolidating in one or more Office or Offices, or separating intodiftindt or different Offices, such necessary and useful Duties respectively, and otherwise regulating such Offices respectively, in such Manner as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, with the Approbation of the said High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall in their Judgment from Time to Time think fit and proper. '

V. And whereas the Office of Collector Outwards in the Port of London was, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ei^hty-two, held by George late Duke of ALanchester for the Term of his Life, and the Life of his Brother Charles Greville Montagu, commonly called Lord Charles Grevilie Montagu, by Letters Patent,-and Letters Patent were prepared in the same Year to pass the Great Seal on a Surrender

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 86. 869

of the then exiting Patent by the said late Duke, granting the said Office to him, his Executors, Admi- nistrators, or Assigns, for and during his natural Life, and the natural Lives of William now Duke of Manchester and Lord Frederick Montagu his Sons, in pursuance of his Majesty's Warrant for that Purpose, which Letters Patent did not pass the Great Seal, but the Profits and Emoluments of the said Office have been ever llnce enjoyed by the said George late Duke of Manchester and his Family, in the same Manner as if such Letters Patent had been completed: And whereas it is expedient that the said Office should not be granted by Letters Patent as aforesaid, and that the same should be abolished after the Deaths of the Persons during whose Lives the Grant was intended to have been made be it therefore enacted, That during the Lives of the said William Duke ok Manchester and Frederick Montagu, commonly called Lord Frederick Montagu, the Salary, Fees, and Emoluments due to the Collector Outwards in the Port of London, shall continue to be received and taken in such and the like Manner and to the like Amount, and that the same Persons shall be entitled to the Profits of the said Office as if Letters Patent for granting the said Office had been perfected, as directed by his Majesty's said Warrant, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and that, from and after the Death of the Survivor of the said William Duke of Manchester and Frederick Montagu, commonly called Lord Frederick Montagu, the said Office should be abo-IKhed: Provided always, that during the Lives of the last mentioned Persons, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, to appoint proper Persons to execute all the necessary Duties of the said Office of Collector Outwards in the Port of London.

to be received in the like Manner ns if Letters Patent had been perfected as directed by his Majesty's Warrant in 1782; and from the Death of the Survivor of the Duke of Manchester and his Brother, the Office to be abolished.

During their Lives, the Commissioners of the Customs, with the Consent of the Treasury, may appoint Persons to execute the Duty

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Offices of Receiver and Accomptant for Sales of condemned Goods fold in London, Receiver of his Majesty's Share of enumerated Goods, Fines, and Forfeitures, remitted from the Out Ports, Comptroller of his Majesty's Share of enumerated Goods, Fines, and Forfeitures, remitted from the Out Ports, Accomptant of Petty Receipts in the Customs, Surveyor of the Customs, (except in the Port of London,) four Examiners of the Out Port Books in the Port of London, Customer of Cloth and Petty Customs in the Port of London, Collector of the Petty Customs of Aliens in the Port of London, and Keeper of the Cocquet Seal to the said Office belonging. Comptroller of the pre-termitted Customs in the Port of London, Collector of the Customs of Hides, Woolsells, Lead, and Tin, in the Port of London, and Keeper of the Seal called The Cocquet, in the Port aforesaid, Comptroller of the Customs of Wool, Hides, and Woolsells, Lead, and Tin, and also of the Subsidies of three Shillings for every Dolium, and of twelve Pence of every Pound in the Port of London, shall not, nor shall any of them, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be granted to any Persons or Person by Letters Patent or otherwise, save as herein after mentioned.

VII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs* with the Approbation of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, as to any of such Offices which are now vacant, and likewise from Time to Time when and as any of such Offices which are not vacant shall become vacant, either wholly to suppress and abolish such Offices, or any of them, or any Parts or Part thereof, or of any of them, or otherwise to regulate the same in*such Manner as they shall think fit and proper; and in case the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs shall think fit, (with such Approbation as aforesaid,) either wholly or in Part to abolish any of such Offices, the same shall, from and after the Confirmation determined by the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, of any Order which the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs shall make for that Purpose, be, and the same are hereby abolished, either wholly or in Part, and in such Manner and subject to such Provisions as in such Order shall be expressed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, with the Approbation of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, from Time to Time to provide for the Execution of such of the Duties of the several Offices last mentioned, as shall in their Judgment appear to be necessary or useful, either by appointing under their Hands proper Persons to execute, during their Pleasure, such Duties of so many of the said several Offices as are vacant as aforesaid, and of so many of the said several Offices as are not vacant, when and as the same shall respectively become vacant, and by consolidating in one or more Office or Offices, or separating into different Offices, such necessary or useful Duties respectively, and otherwise regulate such Offices respectively in such Manner as the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, with the-^Approbation of the High Treasurer or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, shall in their Judgment from Time to Time deem fit and proper.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall or may, before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, have been appointed to execute any of the Duties of any of the said several Offices not wholly abolished by this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, have the same Power and Authority to execute and perform such Duties of such Offices respectively, as they would have had if this Act had not been made, until such Persons respectively, or some other Person or Persons, shall be appointed to execute such Duties respectively under the Authority of this Act; and that all Persons who shall or may be appointed to execute any of the Duties of any of such Offices under the Authority of this Act, shall have the lame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes, to execute and perform such Duties respect-

ivciy,'

From July 5, 1798, the Offices of Receiver and Accomptant for Sales of condemned Goods, &c. not to be granted, save as herein after mentioD-cd.

The Commif-

sioners of the Customs, with the 'Approbation of the Treasury, may abolish or regulate vacant Offices

and may provide for the Ex« ecution of the Duties of such as they shall think ntcciraryi &c.

All Persons appointed be fore July 5, 1798,10 execute the Duties of any of"-the said Officec,v ftuh have the same Power a* they would /-have had; re- -vious to t;o*

870

C. 86, 87. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Act till others ivclv, as the same Persons respectively would have had if such Persons had been appointed to such Offices rearc appointed, spe£lively before the fifth Day of Jfu') one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eignr, according to the "1 erms Who ih all have of the ftvera| Warrants which such Persons so to be appointed shall respectively receive from the said Com-

mifnoners of his Majesty's Customs for executing such Duties respectively.

the same Powers 23 if appointed before July 5, 1798.

Commissioners of the Customs, with the Ap- probation of the Treasury, to appoint Salaries to Persons executing the Duties ol Offices not afcol.shed;

anc! on the Abolition of any

it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs with the Approbation of the High I reasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's 1 reasury, to appoint such Salaries to be taken and had by the several Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs to execute any of the Duties of any of the said Offices not wholly abolished by this Act, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Salaries, Fees, Perquisities, and Profits heretofore had and taken by the Persons who have from Time to Tune held and enjoyed such Offices re-

speclively*. ie

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the absolute Abolition of any Office under the Provisions of this iiiiwii wi diiy Act, it shall and may be lawful (or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in EnglaK i fur the Tims office, tc> make being (with the Approbation of the High Freafuier, or Commissioners of his Majesty's I reasury for the Compensation* Time being) to make such just and reasonable Compensation as they shall, in their Judgment, think proper, to the Deputy to the deputy or Deputies, Clerk or Clerks, or to any other Person or Persons who, on or immediately be-

whowereem-8 fore the passing of this A a, was or were employed in such Office so abolished as aforesaid.

p oyed therein before the passing of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and as often as it shall be found necessary to make a new Appointment under the Authority of this Act, for the Execution of any of the Duties of such of the Offices herein mentioned as shall be reejuiliteto be performed, although the Patents ate abolished, the Commissioners of the Customs shall, in all such cases, lay an Account of the same before both Houses of Parliament, within fourteen Days of the Beginning ot each Setlxon, describino the Ollr-e, and the Amount of the Salary, which shall be appointed for the same.

When necessitry to make a new Appointment for executing the Duties of Offices, although the Patents are abolished, an Account to be laid before Parliament*

The Money re-

XIII. And whereas a Superannuation Fund has long been established under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, for the Benefit of aged and infirm or difafcled Officers: And whereas several Sums of Money have been received as l ees or Emoluments of various Offices in the Customs now vacant, and have accrued during the Vacancy of such Offices: And whereas it would pro-‘ mote the Good of the Service, by rewarding and encouraging the Officers under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, if such Sums of Money were to be appropriated and applied in Augmentation of the said Superannuation Fund Be it therefore enacted, That the several Sums o Money which have been or may be received previous to the fifth Day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for Fees or Emoluments of Offices so abolished and vacant as aforesaid, shall be appropriated and applied in Augmentation of the said Fund, called The Superannuation Fund, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for the ime being, or any four or more of them, shall in their Judgment and Discretion think fitting and proper, and (had by Writing under their Hanus

d irefl i 9 a

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Officer or other Person shall be put upon the said Superannuation Fund, except on the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them, being fat.sfied mat such Officer or other Person is actually unfit to continue in the Execution of the Duties of his hmployrnent from Age, Illness, or other Infirmity; and that a List of all Persons who shall be put upon the said I'u.id

, ... i i tt c-. (rit i m have afr*r the* Cnm mence me n t of evefV

ceived previous to July 5, 1798, for Fees of Offices abolished and vacant, to be added to the Superannuation Fund.

No Person to be put on the Superannuation Fund till incapable of his Employment, and a List of those put thereon to be laid before Parliament.

shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within fourteen Days after the Commencement of every Session, specifying the Offices which such Persons held, and the Times they enjoyed the same, with the Salaries or Emoluments thereof, and what Proportions of such Salaries or Emoluments are continued to such Persons, and dating the Reasons for their being superannuated, with the Names of the 1 er/ons wno

succeeded them* — B;

I P /* +J

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for the Administration of Aflccs in Cases where the Executor to whom Probate

has been granted is out of the Realm.

[18th June 179*3

granted

If, at the Expiration of twelve Wen chi from a

WHEREAS the Laws now existing are not sufficient to enforce a speedy Distn 4 y, Jeceased Persons where the Executor to whom Probate of the Will hath been a lurifdiaion of his Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity be it therefore enacted by the Ring s rnofi cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and V, mins in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same That, at the Expiration twelve Calendar Months from the Death of auy Testator, if the Executors or Executor to whom Probate

ex

Com-

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

C. 87. 871

Ttftator’s Decease, the Ext*, cutor to whom

Probate is granted, shall not rtfide within t!>e Tu-ona 5s. Stamp.

The Party applying :o make the following

Administration to be granted in the following

Form.

of the Will shall have been granted, are or is then residing out of the Jurisdiction of his Mujedy’s Courts of Law and Equity, it shall be lawful for the Ecclesiastical Court which hath granted Probate of fuc.i Will, upon the Application of any Creditor, next of Kin, or Legatee, grounded on the Affidavit herein after mentioned, to grant such Special Administration as herein after is also mentioned; which Administration shall be written or printed upon Paper or Parchment damped only with one five Shilling Stamp, and shall pay no further or other Duty to his Majedv, his Heirs or Successors.

rifdiction of his Majesty's Courts, a Creditor, 8cC. may obtain Special Administration

II. And be it further enacted, That the Party applying to the Spiritual Court to grant such Admi-nidration as aforesaid, shall make an Affidavit in the following Words, or to the’ Purport and Effect following:

t A.B. of do swear, That there is due and owing to me, upon Bond or Simple Affidavit.

A Contract, or upon Account unsettled, as the Case may happen to be, (in which latter Case he shall swear to the bed of his Belief only,) from the Edate and Effects of deceased, the Sum of

and that C.D. the only Executor capable of acting, and to whom Probate hath been granted, hath departed this Kincdom, and is now out of the Jurisdiction of his Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity, and that this Deponent isdefirous of exhibiting a Bill in Equity in his Majesty's Court of

for the Purpose of being paid his Demand out of the Assets of the said Fedator.’

III. And be it further enacted, That the Administration to be granted pursuant to this Act shall be in the Form herein after mentioned; (that is to say,)

by Divine Providence, Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England and Metropolis

tan, to our well-beloved in Christ Greeting: Whereas it hath been alledged before the

Worshipful D odor of Laws, Surrogate of. Doctor of Laws, Mader

Keeper, or Commissary of our Prerogative Court of Canterbury, lawfully condituted by you the said

That did, whild living, and of found Mind, Memory, and Understanding,

make and duly execute his lad Will and Tedament in Writing, and did therefore nominate, conditute,

and appoint, his Executors, (or, sole Executor,) who in the Month of proved

the said Will by the Authority of our said Court, and now reiide (or, resides) out of this Kingdom, and out of the Jurisdiction of his Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity (as in and by an Affidavit duly made and (worn toby and brought into and left in the Regidryof our said Court, Reference

being thereunto had will more fully and at large appear): And whereas the Surrogate aforesaid, having duly considered the Premises, did, at the Petition of the said decree Letters of Admini-

dration of all and singular the Goods, Chattels, and Credits of the said deceased, to be committed and granted to you the said named by or on the Behalf of the said a Creditor,

(Legatee) or (one of the next Kin) of the said Deceased, (as the Case may be,) limited for the Purpose, to become and be made a Party to a Bill or Bills to be exhibited against you in any of his Majesty's Courts of Equity, and to carry the Decree or Decrees of any of the said Court or Courts into Effect, but nofur- ther or otherwise (Justice so requiring): And we being desirous that the said Goods, Chattels, and Cre- dies may be well and faithfully administered, applied, and disposed of, according to Law, do therefore, by these Presents, grant full Power and Authority to you, in whose Fidelity we confide, to administer, and faithfully dispose of the said Goods, Chattels, and Credits, according to the Tenor and Eded of the said 4 Will, limited as aforesaid, so far as such Goods, Chattels* and Credits of the Deceased will thereto extend, and the Law requires, you having been already sworn, well and faithfully to administer the same,

and to make a true and perfect Inventory of all and singular the said Goods, Chattels, and Credits, so far as the same may come to your Hands, and to exhibit the same into the Regidry of our said Prerogative Court of Canterbury, on or before the next ensuing, and also to render a jud and true Account

thereof: And we do by these Presents ordain and conditute you Administrator of all and singular the Goods, Chattels, and Credits, of the said Deceased, limited as aforesaid, but no further, or otherwise- ..

Given at London, the Day of in the ear of our Lord and in the

Year of our Translation.’

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Equity in which such. Suit shall be depending, to appoint (if it shall be needful) any Persons or Person to collect in any outdanding Debts or Ededs due to such Edate, and to give Discharges for the same, such Persons or Person giving Security in

the usual Manner, duly to account for the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Accountant General of the High Court of

Chancery, or for the Secretary, or Deputy Secretary, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to transfer, and for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to suffer a Transfer to be made of Sny Stock belonging to the Edate of such deceased Person, into the Name of the Accountant General, inTrud, for such Purposes as the Court shall direct, in any Suit in which the Person to whom such Administration hath been granted, shall be, or may have been, a Party: Provided nevertheless, that if the Executors or Executor capable of acting as such, shall return to and reiide within the Jurisdiction of any of the

Court of Equity may appoint Person* to collect outstanding Debt*.

Stock belonging to the Estate of the Deceased, may be transferred into the Name of the

Accountant General in

Chancery, in

872 G»$7)£8« Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Trust for such Pvrpofts as the Court shall direct in any Suit.

Executor, re-

I

the said Courts pending such Suit, such Executors or Executor shall be made Party to such Suit, and the Costs incurred by granting such Administration, and by proceeding in such Suit against such Administrator, shall be paid by such Person or Persons, or out of such Fund as the Court where such Suit is depending shall direct.

turning to reside within JurisdidUon of the Court, to be made a Party in such Suit.

VI. And whereas Inconveniences arise from granting Probate to Infants under the Age of twenty- one be it enacted, That where an infant is sole Executor, Administration, with the Will annexed, shall be granted to the Guardian of such Infant, or to such other Person as the Spiritual Court shall think tit, until such Infant shall have attained the full Age of twenty-one Years, at which Period, and not before. Probate of the Will shall be granted to him.

granted to the Guardian, tec. till the Infant is twenty-one. '

Where an Infant is sole Executor, Admi nistration, with the Will annexed, to be

who shall "have the same Power as an Administrator durante miMPre acute.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Person to whom such Administration shall be granted, shall have the same Powers vested in him as an Administrator now hath by virtue of an Administration granted to him du-rente minore estate of the next of Kin. "., T

CAP. LXXXVIII.

Clause in former Acts respecting the Certificates of Qualification required to be given by Maf-ter$, recited.

doubts arising by whom Certificates to be attested.

Policies of Insurance made before the pass^ ing of this Act, not to be void % reason of Certificates given under rented Acts, tec.

An Act for regulating, until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

[a8th June 1798.]

[See Statutes 29 Geo. 3. c. 66; 30 Geo. 3. c. 33; 31 Geo. 3. c. 54; 32 Geo. 3. c. 52; 33 Geo. 3. c. 73 & 34 Geo. 3. c. 80; 35 Geo. 3. c. 90; 37 Geo. 3. c. 104.]

XXV. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and which was afterwards continued by several subsequent Acts, passed in the thirty-third, thirty-fourth, and thirty-fifth Years of his said present Majesty's Reign, it was enacted, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall not be lawful for any Person to become a Master, or take or have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, at the Time he shall clear out from any Port of Great Britain, for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless such Master or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall have made Oath, and delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall clear out, a Certificate, attested by the respective Owner or Owners, that he has already served in such Capacity during one Voyage, or shall have served as Chief Mate or Surgeon during the Whole of two Voyages, or either as Chief or other Mate during three Voyages, in purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, under Pain that such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and also the Owner or Owners who shall hire or employ such Person, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds: And whereas Doubts have arisen respecting the Construction of the above-mentioned Clause,

whether the Certificate thereby required to be delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, should be attested by the respective Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel wherein the Person or Persons then about to take the Command of the Ship or Vessel required to be cleared out, had formerly failed in some or one of the Capacities by the said Act specified and required, or by the respective Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel in which such Person or Persons was or were then about to fail as the Master or Commander thereof, as believing the Fadls dated in the Affidavit of such Person or Persons then about to have or take the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel to be true: And whereas inconsequence of such Doubts, the Collectors or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Ports of London and Liverpool, doubting the Meaning and Construction of the said Acts, have required and taken Certificates attested in both the Ways before mentioned, and cleared out Ships or Vessels under each Form of Certificate, in consequence of which great Inconveniences have arisen, and Doubts have been made touching the Legality of the Policies of Insurance made upon such Ships or Vessels be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said former Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned, or in any of them contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impeach, invalidate, or make void, any Policy or Policies of Insurance which shall have been made before the passing of this Act, by reason or in consequence of any Certificate or Certificates which have been required and given in order to the clearing out any Ship or Vessel, employed in the Slave Trade, to the Coast of Africa^ by the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel then about to clear out and to fail, or by the Owner or Owners of some other Ship or Vessel in whose Employ the Person then about to fail had been formerly employed and failed, so as always the Matter contained in the said Affidavits so made or to be made as aforesaid, shall be true in Substance and Matter of FadI, or to inflidl any Penalty or Penalties upon the Owner or Owners of &ch Ship or Vessel. w { 1

[In all other Respects the Act is the same as 37 Geo. 3. c. 104.]

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 8 9. 873

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise; and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon.

[28th June 1798.]

WHEREAS certain Duties of Excise are now payable f )r or in respect of Foreign Salt imported Into Great Britain, and for or in respect of Salt brought from Scotland into England, and for or in respect of Salt and Rock Salt made at any Salt Works, or raised or taken out of any Pit or Pits in Great Britain, and certain Duties 3re also payable for or in respect of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass made in Great Britain, and a certain Duty of Customs is likewise payable for or in respect of Rock Salt exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas: And whereas certain Drawbacks, Discounts, Allowances,

and Bounties, are now payable out of the said Duties on Sait: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties, Drawbacks, Discounts, Allowances, and Bounties, and to impose other Duties, and grant other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, all and singular the said Duties, Drawbacks, Discounts, Allowances, and Bounties, granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying of any Arrears thereof respectively which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in lieu and in (lead of the said Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty,[his Heirs and Successors, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Excise herein after respectively mentioned; (that is to say,)

For every Bushel of Salt, not being the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, that shall be imported into Great Britain, thirteen Shillings and Four-pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt’ that shall be made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of - r, u. any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in England or Wales, ten Shillings; and so in proportion for any greater or less Saft made, &c.

Quantity:., in England or Wales, jo*.

For every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt that shall be made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any and made in Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland, six Shillings and Sixpence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Bushel of all Salts known or called by the Name of Glauber or Epfcm Salts, which shall be made or produced at any Salt Work in Great Britain, ten Shillings; and so in proportion for any greater or

From 0&. i®, 1798, the Duties on Salt, and the Drawback

Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, repealed.

From Oct. ro, 1798, the Duties following to be paid:

For Foreign Salt

imported into Great Britain, j3». 4d. per Bushel

Scor'and,6s 6d. per Bushel:

For Glauber Salts made in

less Quantity:

Creat Britain, ios. per Bushel:

For every Ton of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, which shall be made of any Rock Salt, or from For Mineral Al. any Brine or Sea Water, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and so in proportion for any greater or less i^n, &c. made

Quantity: of Rock Sail, &c. 20s. per Ton:

For every Bushel of Rock Salt which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, one Penny; and so in For Rock Salt proportion for any greater or less Quantity: -- ‘

For every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt which shall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, accompanied with a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the Duty of six Shillings and Sixpence hereby imposed for every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt made at any Salt Work, or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland, three Shillings and Sixpence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity. ( 4 \ r, kV

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the following Drawbacks and Bounties shall be made, allowed, and paid, out of the Duties by this Act imposed; (that is to say,)

' backs and Bounties to be paid on Exportation.

For every Bushel of Salt which shall be made in England or Wales, (Rock Salt excepted,) for which all ForSaitfexce the Duties due and payable thereon shall be paid or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported ROCk Salt* from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback or Allowance of ten Shillings: nude in England or Wales, a Drawback of jos. per Bushel 3

38 Geo. III. 5U For

exported, id. per Bushel:

For Salt or Reck Salt imported from Scotland into England or Wales, 3s. 6d. per Buftiel.

From O&. 10, 1798, the following Draw-

874

C. 89.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

and made in Scotland, 6s. 6d. per Bushel:

For Glauber Salts made in Great Britain,

5s. per Bushel:

For dried Cod Fish, &c. a Bounty of 3s. per Cwt. j

and for Wet Cod Fish, &c. 2S. per Barrel:

For Salmon, a Bounty of 4s.

6d. per Barrel;

for White Herrings, 2S. Sd;

for Red Her-Tings, is. 9d.;

and for clean shotten Red Herrings, is. per Barrel:

For dried Red Sprats, is. per Last: 1

For Pilchards

W

or Scads, 7s. per Cask:

For Beef or Pork faked in England or Wales with Salt that has paid Duty, and in Scotland with Foreign Salt, 5s. per Barrel

For every Bushel of Salt which shall he made in Scotland, (Rock Salt excepted,) for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall be paid, or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback or Allowance of six Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Bushel of Salts known or called by the Name of Glauber or Ep/om Salts, which shall be made or produced at any Salt Work in Great Britain, for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall be paid or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback or Allowance of five Shillings: - ff- H

For every one Hundred Weight of dried Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, (commonly called Haberdine,) which shall contain in Length fourteen Inches or upwards from the Bone in the Fin, to the third Joint in the Tail of every such Fish, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of three Shillings:

For every Barrel of wet Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of two Shillings:

For every Barrel of Salmon, containing forty-two Gallons, which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of four Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Barrel of White Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of two Shillings and Eient-pence:

For every Barrel of full Red Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of one Shilling and Nine-pence:

For every Barrel of clean (hotten Red Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of one Shilling:

For every Lad, confiding of ten thousand dried Red Sprats, which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of one Shilling:

For every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards or Scads, containing fifty Gallons, which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of seven Shillings:

For every Barrel of Beef or Pork, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be salted in England or Wales with Salt which shall have paid all the Duties due and payable thereon, and which shall be duly exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of five Shillings:

For every Barrel of Beef or Pork, of thirty-two Gallons, which shall be salted in Scotland with Foreign Salt, (without Mixture of British or irish Salt,) which shall have paid all the Duties due and payable thereon, and which shall be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of five Shillings: '

What Quantity of Salt shall be deemed a

Bushel.

Barrels to be gauged by the Gallon English Wine Measure.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Ex-cife.

Commissioners miy compound for the Duty on Salt with Refiners of Rock Salt, and also for the Duty in respect of Mineral Alkali

If imported Salt be landed before Payment of Duty, it shall be forfeited, with the Ytflels, &c. j

IV. And be it further enacted, That sixty-five Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Rock Salt shall be deemed and taken to be a Bushel of Rock Salt; and that of every other Kind or Species of Salt, not being Rock Salt, fifty-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, shall be deemed and taken to be a Bushel.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Barrel, Cask, or other Vessel, in which Fish* Beef, or

Pork, entitled to any Bounty by this Act given or granted, shall be packed, shall be gauged, measured, or ascertained, and the same shall be taken to be so much as the same will respectively contain, according to the Gallon English Wine Measure.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise or become payable in England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excite in England for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise or become due in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them respectively, to compound for the Duty by this Act granted, for and in respect of $Ldt, with any Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt 5 and also for the Duty by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, from Time to Time, in such Manner and Form, and upon such Terms and Conditions as shall be mod to the Advantage and Improvement of the Receipts of the said Duty; any Thing in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty hereby imposed on Foreign Salter other Salt imported into Great Britain, shall from Time to Time be satisfied and paid by the Importer or Importers of the same, upon his, her, or their Entry or Entries made, and before landing thereof; and that in case any Foreign or imported Salt shall be unshipped or landed, or put on Shore, or into any Ship, Boat, or Vessel in Great Britain, before due Entry be made thereof with the Collector of Excise of the Port or Place where such Salt dial) be imported, or before the Duties hereby imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been fully satisfied and paid, or without a Warrant for the landing or delivering of such Salt, signed by such Collector as afore-

875

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89.

fa id, then and in such Case all such Foreign or imported Salt so unshipped, landed, or put on Shore, or into any Boat or Vessel in Great Britain, contrary to the Directior.s of this Act, shall beforfeited, together with the Packages containing the same; and the Ships, Boats, and Vessels, and all the Horses, and other Cattle and Carriages whatsoever made use of in the removing, landing. Carriage, or Conveyance, of such Salt, and the same respectively shall and may befeized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and the Person or Persons concerned or employed in so unshipping, landing, removing, or putting such Foreign or imported Salt on Shore, or into any Ship, Boar, or Vessel as aforesaid, contrary to the Directions of this Act, or to whose Hands the same shall come, after the same shall have been unshipped, landed, or put on Shore as aforesaid, he, she, or they knowing the same to have been so unshipped, landed, or put on Shore, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lole treble the Value of such Salt.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Foreign Salt or other Salt imported into Great Britain, shall not be entered and landed, and the Duty due and payable thereon be fully paid and satisfied, within twenty Days after the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Foreign Salt or other Salt shall be imported, shall or ought to have made his Report of the Burthen, Contents, and Lading of such Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second *, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in his Majestfs Customs, then and in every such Case all such Foreign Salt or other Salt imported into Great Britain shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise or Customs.

X. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any such Foreign Salt as shall be duly and fairly imported into Great Britain, in any Quantity not less than fifty Bulheh, upon due Entry thereof, may forthwith, and before Payment of all or any Part of the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of Foreign Salt, be landed, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, from on coard the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, and shall be weighed, and carried, and put into such import Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, as shall be for that Purpose provided, (at the Expence of the respective Proprietor or Proprietors, or Importer or Importers of such Salt,) and shall be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, upon the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Importer or Importers, of such Salt giving good and sufficient Bond or Security, to be also approved of by the said Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in double the Amount of the Duty by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such Foreign Salt, that he, she, pr they shall and will pay and clear off all the Duties with which any such Foreign Salt, that shall be so put into any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, shall be charged, or to which the same shall be liable, as soon as such Foreign Salt shall be fold, in case the same shall be fold within twelve Months from and after the Time the same shall be so put into any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, as aforesaid; or in case such Salt shall not be.fold within such twelve Months, that such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Importer or Importers, shall and will pay and clear off' all the said Duties at the End or Expiration of such twelve Months; such Duties to be charged according to the Quantity of such Foreign Salt, as the same shall be ascertained by the proper Officer of Excise at the Time such Foreign Salt shall be lauded, and lodged or put into any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Ctdlar, as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, shall at all Times, except when the proper Officer of Excise shall be attending for the Purpose of receiving or delivering Salt, or taking Account of Salt therein, be secured under the joint Locks of such Officer and the Proprietor or Owner thereof; and no Salt shall be put into, or delivered out of, any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, in any less Quantity, at one Time, than fifty Bushels; and when and so often as the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Owner or Owners of such Foreign Salt shall be desirous of, or have Occasion to lodge or put any Foreign Salt into, or to take or deliver the same out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, he, she, or they, shall give previous Notice thereof, in Writing, to the proper Officer of Excise by the Space of twelve Hours, specifying in such Notice the Day and Hour of the Day when he, she, or they intends or intend to lodge or put any Foreign Salt into, or to take or deliver the same out of, any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, and the Quantity of Salt intended to be put into or delivered out of the same; and such Officer is hereby authorized and required to attend in pursuance of every such Notice, for the Purpose of receiving or delivering and taking Account of the Quantity of such Foreign Salt accordingly.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any known Fish Curer or Fish Curers to import and lodge in his, her, or their entered Warehouses, free of the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respedk of Foreign Salt, and for the folc Purpose of curing and preserving Fish, any Quantity of Foreign Salt not less than fifty Bushels at one Time, upon the 'Perms and Conditions, and under, iubjedf, and according to the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, herein after provided and established, for or in respect of British Salt sent or delivered to Fish Curers, free of Duty, for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish: Provided always, That such Foreign Sait so to be employed and consumed in curing and preserving Fish be duly and fairly entered with the proper Collector of Excise upon the Importation thereof, and weighed and transhipped, or weighed and landed, and ware-housed, as the Case may require, in the Presence and with the Concurrence of the proper Officer of Excise at the Port of Importation.

5 U 2. XIII. And

Jfc

and the Person* concerned to forfeit treble the Value of the Salt.

If Salt imported he not entered and fonded, and the Duty paid within a limited Tiine, it shall be forfeited.

c, XI.

Foreign Salt, not less than 50 Bushels may be landed and warehoused, on Bond to pay the Duty when fold, or in 12 Months if not fold.

Warehouses to be secured under joint Locks of the Officer and Proprietor, and no Salt to be received or delivered in less Quantity than 50 Bushels, and 12 Hours previous Notice of Intention to lodge or take out Salt to be given the Officer.

Fish Curers may import and lodge in entered Warehouses, not less than 50 Bushels of Foreign Salt, Dutyfree, for curing Fish, upon certain Conditions.

876

Foreign Salt not to be imported in Vessel Is of less than 40 Tons Burthen, on Penalty of Forfeiture, with the Vessel, &c.

No Salt or Rock Salt to be imported into Great Britain from Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, Qr Man. If any Vessel be found at Anchor, or hovering within certain Limits, having Salt or Rock Salt on board, except for the U fe of the Seamen on board, the Salt may be feiz d, with the Vessel, &c.

Forfeiture not to extend to Fishing Vessels having on board a necessary Quantity of Salt received from entered Warehouses, or other Fishing Vessels.

Rock Salt may be made into White Salt at Places duly entered.

Penalty of 2001, for refining Rock Salt at unauthorized Places.

Makers of Salt, Refiners of Rock Salt, and Proprietors of Salt Mines or

Works, to make

Entry of certain Particul irs, on Penalty of xool. with the Salt,

Sc c.

C. 89. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Foreign Salt shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, in any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than forty Tons, (excepting only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, not exceeding five Pounds Weight for each Seaman,) upon Pain of forfeiting all such Salt, together with the Casks and other Packages respectively containing the same, and also the Ship or Vessel in or on board of which the same shall be for imported or brought, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Salt or Rock Salt, whether the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or of any other Country, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port* Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, from Ireland, or the Blands of Guerrjey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or A'lan; and that if any Salt or Rock Salt shall be so imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, excepting only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, not exceeding two Pounds Weight for each Seaman, and flowed fairly and openly in such Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported; or if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat whatever, shall be found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, or shall be discovered to have been within such Limits or Distance, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Necessity or Distress of Weather, of which Necessity or Distress the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall give Notice to, and make Proof before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs or Excise of the Port within the Limits of which such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be found, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, within the Limits of such Port, having on board any Salt or Rock Salt, except as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, not only all such Salt and Rock Salt respectively, together with the Casks and other Packages respectively containing the same, but also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, on board which the same shall be found as aforesaid, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, whether Bulk (bad then have been broken or not, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise: Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act mail extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for having Salt on board, if such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be known to be regularly and usually employed in Fishing, and shall have in or on board the same no more or other Salt than shall have been duly received from some entered Warehouse for keeping Fishery Salt, or from some other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, employed in Fishing; and if such Salt shall not exceed the Quantity which shall be necessary for preserving such Quantity of Fish, as may be reasonably expected to be thereafter taken by the Crew of such Ship, or Vessel, or Boat, on or during the particular Trip or Voyage, in which such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be then engaged or employed; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas it is expedient that Rock Salt should be allowed to be refined and made into White Salt at such Refineries of Rock Salt in England, as have heretofore been entered and used for that Purpose ;’ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to refine Rock Salt, and make the same into White Salt, at such Salt Works and Places (and at no other) which are or shall be erected or set up, and duly entered, for the refining of Rock Salt, at any Place within the Distance of ten Miles of and from the Salt Mine or Salt Pit from which the Rock Salt intended to be refined shall be raised or taken, or which shall have been duly entered and used for the refining of Rock Salt, and making the same into White Salt, at any Time previous to the passing of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refine any Rock Salt, or make the same into White Salt, at any Place or Salt Work, save and except at such Place or Places, or Salt Work or Salt Works, as is and are authorized, or shall be licensed under the Provisions of this Act, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons being a Maker or Makers of Salt, or a Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, Salt Refinery, or Salt Work, shall, on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or before he, she, or they shall presume to make any Salt, or to refine any Rock Salt, or to dig, raise, or take any Rock Salt from or out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, make true and particular Entry, in Writing, at the Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits of which such Sait Mine, Salt Pit, Salt Work, or Salt Refinery shall be situate, of each and every Salt Mine, Salt Pit, Salt Refinery, and Salt Work whatsoever, belonging to such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid, specifying, the Parish and Place where the same shall be situate, and also the Number and Situation of all Workhouses, Sheds, Cisterns, Receivers, Reservoirs, Pans, Stoves, Rooms, Lofts, Warehouses, Storehouses, and other Places which he, she, or they shall at any Time have or use for the taking, raising, preparing, making, refining, drying, storing, laying, or keeping of Salt or Rock Salt, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refusal to make such Entry as aforesaid, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with 4\\ the Salt or Rock Salt, and the Packages containing the same, and also all the

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

C. 89. 877

Preparations, Citterns, Receivers, Reservoirs, Pans, Barrows, Baskets, Troughs, and other Vessels, Implements, and Utensils, used or employed in the procuring or making Salt, or which shall be found in any such private or unentered Workhouse, Shed, Room, Lott, Warehouse, Storehouse, or other Place, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, from Time to Time and at all Times, by Day or Night, upon his or their Request, to enter into all and every the Salt Mines, Salt Pits, Salt Refineries, or Salt Works, and also into all and every the Workhouses, Sheds, Warehouses, Storehouses, Stoves, Lofts, or other Places entered or made use of by any Maker or Makers of Salt, or Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, for the Purpose of taking, raising, making, refining, drying, ttoring, laying, or keeping Salt or Rock Salt, and by weighing, gauging, tale, or otherwise, as to such Officer or Officers shall seem meet, to take an Account of the Quantity, Kinds, and Species, of all Salt and Rock Salt which shall be taken, making, or refining, or which shall have been taken, made, or refined, at such Salt Mines, Salt Pits, Salt Refineries, or Salt Works as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Proprietor and Proprietors of any Salt Mine or

Salt Pit shall provide, support, and maintain a proper and secure Warehouse or Storehouse, with good and sufficient Fastenings thereto, inclosing or adjoining to the Entrance, Mouth, or Shaft, of every Salt Mine or Salt Pit belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, into which Warehouse or Storehouse all Rock Salt shall be put and (lowed away* by and at the Expence of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and no such Warehouse or Storehouse shall have more than three Doors or Entrances into the same, and every such Warehouse or Storehouse shall be locked up and secured by the proper Officer of Excise under whole Survey the same shall from Time to Time be, except at such Time or Times only as the same shall be opened by the proper Officer of Excise for the Purpose of depositing Rock Salt therein, or when the proper Officer shall be attending for the Purpose of taking Account of, or weighing or delivering the same out of such Warehouse or Storehouse and if any such Proprietor or Proprietors shall neglect or refuse to provide, support, or maintain such Warehouse or Storehouse as aforesaid, or shall not cause such Rock Salt to be removed to and (lowed away in such Warehouse or Storehouse as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Proprietor and Proprietors of every Salt Mine or Salt Pit, shall, at lead: twelve Hours before he, she, or they shall at any Time begin to raise or take away Rock Salt from or out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, give Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under- whose Survey such Salt Mine or Salt Pit shall be, of the particular Day and Hour of the Day on which he, she, or they intends or intend to begin raising or taking any Rock Salt from or out of any such Mine or Pit; and in case such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not begin to raise or take such Rock Salt from or out of his, her, or their Mine or Pit, within the Space of one Hour after the particular Time and Hour mentioned in such Notice for that Purpose, then such Notice shall be null and void, and such Proprietor or Proprietors shall give a fresh and like Notice before he, she, or they shall begin to raise or take any Rock Salt from or out of such Mine or Pit; and in case any such Proprietor or Proprietors shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or having given a Notice which (hill become void as aforesaid, shall neglect to give a fresh and like Notice, every such Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Rock Salt shall be delivered, taken, removed, carried, or conveyed, from or out of any Warehouse or Storehouse entered according to the Drrcdlions of this Act, except in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise under whose Survey the same shall be, nor shall any such Rock Salt be delivered, taken, removed, carried, or conveyed away, from or out of any such Warehouse or Storehouse as aforesaid, in any less Quantity than four Bushels at one Time, nor shall any Rock Salt be delivered, taken, removed, carried, or conveyed, from or out of any such Warehouse or Storehouse, except between the Hours of five in the Morning and seven in the Evening, from the twenty-fourth

Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day of September, and between the Hours of seven in the Morning and

Day

each Year and all such Rock Salt so delivered, or removed or removing, contrary to the Directions in

five in the Evening, from the twenty-eighth Day of September to the twenty-eighth Day of March, in this Act, together with the Packages containing the same, and the Flats, Barges, Boats, or other Vessels, Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, and also the Horses and Cattle used or employed in removing the same respectively, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Warehouse or Storehouse shall forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Shillings for every Bushel of such Rock Salt so delivered, removed or removing, contrary to the Directions of this Act, or the Sum of fifty Pounds, at the Election of his Ma-9s Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

Excise Officers may at all

imes, on Request, enter Salt Alims, tec. to take an Account.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, and Refiner or Refiners of Rock Sale, and Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work respectively, shall provide, support, and maintain a proper and secure Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, or Warehouses, Storehouses, or Lotts, with good and sufficient Fastenings thereto, into which Warehouse or Warehouses, or Storehouse or Store-

5 houses,

Proprietors of Salt Mines to provide a Warehouse, into which a'l Rock

Salt Aiall lie

Aowed, and locked up by the Excise Of-1 &c.

Penalty of 1001* for not providing Warehouses, &c.

Proprietors of Salt Mines to give previous Notice of Intention of raking out Rock Salt, &c. on Penalty of aol.

Rock Salt not to be taktn from any Warehouse but in the Presence of the Officer, nor in a less Quantity than four Rush-els, and only bciw.'en certain Hours, on Penalty of its Forfeiture, with the Flats, &c.

Makys of Salt* Refiners of Rock Salt, and Proprietors of Sait Works, to

878

C. 89.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

provide Warc-lioulcSj into which all Salt (Rock Salt excepted) shall he put, and secured by the Excise Officer.

Penalty of 501. for Ncgic&.

Makers of Salt, Refiners of Rock Salt, and Proprietors of Salt Works, to give previous Notice of intention to charge their Pans, &c. on Penalty of ,»ol.

Such Makers,

See shall proceed, without Delay, to charge with the whole Quantity of Brine, &c. to be employed, on Penalty of 10 I. One Addition may be made to the Charge before Salt is taken out, upon giving two Hours previous Notice to the Officer.

Penalty of 501. for putting Brine into a Pan alter Salt is taken out before the whole Operation is finirti-cd, or after charged, except as before allowed

Salt taken from each Pan to be kept separate, and within a limited Tim$, and before Salt of any subsequent Boiling be taken out, a

houses, or Loft or Lofts, or Tome or one of them, all his, her, or their Salt (Rock Salt excepted) shall be put and deposited by and at the Expence o( such Maker, Refiner, or Proprietor, or Makers, Refiners, or Proprietors, according to the Directions of this Act, and no such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, (hill have more than two Doors or Entrances for the Purpose of delivering Salt out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, nor shall any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, have more than four Doors or Entrances immediately into or communicating with any Pan or Boiling House, nor shall there beany other Door or Communication whatsoever between any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, and any other Place whatsoever, favc and except such Doors, Entrances, or Communications as aforesaid, and each such Warehouse, Storehouse, and Loft respectively, shall be locked up and secured by the proper Officer of Excise under whose Survey the same shall from Time to Time be, except at such Time or Times only as such Officer shall be attending for the Purpose of depositing Salt therein, or for weighing or taking Account of, or delivering Salt out of such respective Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft; and if any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid, shall negle£I or refuse to provide such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, or Warehouses, Storehouses, or Lofts as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, and Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, and Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, shall, at lead iix Hours before he, she, or they shall begin to charge his, her, or their Pan or Boiler with Brine or other Preparation for making or refining Salt, give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey his, her, or their Salt Work shall be, a Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention so to do, speccifying therein the particular Time and Hour at which he, she, or they intends or intend so to charge his, her, or their Pan or Boiler, and also whether he, she, or they intends or intend to make large grained, commonly called Fishery Salt, or fine graineJ Salt; and if any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall not begin to charge his, her, or their Pan or Boiler within the Space of one Hour after the particular Time or Hour specified in such Notice for that Purpose, then such Notice shall be void, and every such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid, shall give a fresh and like Notice before he, she, or they shall begin to charge his, her, or their Pan or Boiler; and in case such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, cr Proprietor or Proprietors, shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or having given a Notice which shall become void as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to give a fresh and like Notice, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, and Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, who, in pursuance of any such Notice as aforesaid, shall begin to charge his, her, or their Pan or Boiler with Brine or other Preparation for making Salt or refining Rock Salt, shall proceed without Respite or Delay, and with all due Diligence and Dispatch, to charge such Pan or Boiler with the whole Quantity of Brine or other Preparation intended to be employed, used, or worked off at such Boiling or Operation, on Pain, for every Neglectc or Refusal thereof, to forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, That if any such Maker, Refiner, or Proprietor, shall have Occasion to add to or increase the Brine in any Pan or Boiler, after such Pan or Boiler shall have been charged, and before any Salt of that particular Boiling or Operation shall have been taken from or out of such Pan or Boiler, he, she, or they shall be permitted and allowed once, bat not oftener, to add to and increase the Quantity of Brine in any such Pan or Boiler, upon giving to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey his, her, or their Salt Work shall then be, a Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to make such Addition or Increase, which Notice shall be given by the Space of two Hours before he, she, or they shall begin to make such Addition or Increase, and shall contain such or the like Particulars as are hereinbefore required to be specified in the Notice directed to be given for charging the Pan or Boiler.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock

Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, shall convey or put any Brine into any Pan or Boiler after he, she, or they shall have begun to take any Salt out of such Pan or Boiler, and before the whole Boiling or Operation of such particular Charge shall be finished, and all the Salt made or intended to be made therefrom shall be taken out of such Pan or Boiler, or shall convey or put any Brine into4any Pan or Boiler after the same shall have been fully charged, (except in the Manner hereinbefore allowed, under such Notice as is hereinbefore provided, for making an Addition to or increasing the Brine in the Pan or Boiler,) he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds., ‘if;

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Salt taken from or out of each and every Pan or Boiler at each Boiling or Operation, shall be kept in the Pan House, Boiling House, or Boiling Place, separate and apart from all other Salt whatever; and within ten Hours after the Salt shall be so taken from or out of such Pan or Pioiler, and before any Salt of any subsequent Boiling or Operation shall be taken from or out of the same Pan or Boiler, such Maker or Makeis, Refiner or Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall deliver to the proper Officer of Excise under whose Survey his, her, or their Salt Work shall be, a Declaration in Writing, specifying the true Number of Balkcts, Barrows, or Troughs of Salt, made or

taken

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 879

or out of such Pan or Boiler as aforesaid.

Barrows

Officer who shall take an Account

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the proper Officer of Excise shall have taken an Account of and ascertained the Number of Baskets. Barrows, or Troughs of Salt made at any Boiling, the Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners of such Salt, or the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Work where such Salt shall be made, shall immediately proceed, with a sufficient Number of his, her, or their Workmen and Servants, and with all due Diligence and Dispatch, to carry or remove all such Salt into his, her, or their entered Warehouse or Warehotf'es, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts; apd if such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall neglect or refuse so to remove such Salt, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXVIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case any Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners of Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, instead of keeping the Salt of each Boiling or Operation in the Pan or Boiling House until the Whole of each Boiling or Operation shall be finished, shall be deftrous to carry, remove, or put any Salt of any particular Boiling or Operation into his, her, or their Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, before any such Boiling or Operation shall be finished, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, to carry, remove, or put one Half (but neither more nor less) of the whole Number of Baskets, Barrows, or T roughs of Salt, to be made at each such Boiling or Operation into any such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, upon the Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned; that is to say. That in the Notice required by this Act to be given for charging his, her, or their Pan or Boiler with Brine, or other Preparation, such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall specify the particular Number of Baskets, Barrows, or Troughs, of which such Half of such particular Boiling or Operation shall or will consist, and the Day, and Hour of the Day, when such Half of the Number of Baskets, Barrows, or Troughs, of Salt of every such Boiling or Operation shall be carried, removed, or put, into such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts; and also that all the Salt which, according to the Specification in such Notice, shall be intended to be carried, removed, or put into such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, at each such Removal, shall be actually so carried, removed, and put, immediately after the proper Officer of Excise hath taken a true Account thereof, and before any more or other Salt shall be taken out of the Pan or Boiler of that or any subsequent Boiling or Operation.

XXIX. And whereas certain Refiners of Rock Salt may have in their Custody or Possession, on the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, certain Quantities of Rock Salt, and Salt made from Rock Salt, for or in respect of which all his Majesty's Duties may have been paid f be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officer or Officers of Excise, on or before the tenth Day of Oflobc* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by and with the Privity, Consent, and Assistance of any such Refiner of Rock Salt, to weigh and take an Account of the Quantity of Salt and Rock Salt in the Custody and Possession of any such Refiner or Refiners, and if on taking such Account of the Quantity of Salt and Rock Salt in the Custody and Possession of any such Refiner or Refiners, it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them respectively, from the Books and Accounts of the Commissioners and Officers for managing and collecting his Majesty's Duties on Salt, that all the Duties for or in respect of Rock Salt shall have been duly paid, for all or any Part of the Rock Salt, or Salt made from Rock Salt, which shall be so taken Account of by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, in the Custody or Possession of any such Refiner or Refiners as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them respectively, to allow to such Refiner or Refiners, out of the Monies which shall first become due and payable by such Refiner or Refiners, for the Duty charged by virtue of this Act, at and after the Rate of ten Shillings for every Bushel of Rock Salt, and Salt made from Rock Salt, for or in respect of which it shall be made appear as aforesaid, that all the Duty payable thereon has been duly paid, always reckoning one Pound of refined Salt for every Pound of Rock Salt melted: Provided always, That no such Allowance shall be made, until the Refiner or Refiners claiming the same shall have made Oath before the Collector or Supervifcr of Excise, of the Collection or District in which his, her, or their Refinery shall be situate, (which Oath such Collector or Supervisor respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) that the Duty of Rock Salt, for the actual Quantity of Rock Salt, or Salt made from Rock Salt, for or in respect of which he, she, or they shall claim any such Allowance as aforesaid, has been duly paid, and that no Part of such Duty has been before allowed or drawn back.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Salt, or Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall remove, carry, or put any Salt, of which an Account has not been taken by the proper Officer of Excile, ( Rock Salt in the Rock Salt Warehouses adjoining to the Mine or Pit only excepted,) into any1 such entered Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft as aforesaid, or shall remove or convey out of his, her, or their Pan House, Boiling House, or Boiling Place, to any Room or Place, any Salt, before the Boiling or Operation of which such Salt shall be a Part, shall be worked off, or before the Declaration hereinbefore required shall have been

delivered

When the Account is taken,' the Salt to, be removed into the Warehouse, on Penalty of 20 1.

Half the Salt of any Boiling may be warehoused before the Whole is finished, on certain Conditions.

On or before Oct. 10, 1798, Officers may take an Account of the Quantity of Salt and Rock Salt in the Custody of Refiners for which the Duty has been paid, and the Commissioners of Excise may make an Allowance of 10 s. per Buflui out of the Duty under this Act.

No such Allowance to be made hut on Oath that the Duty has been paid.

Penalty for

warehousing

Salt of which no Account has been taken, or removing Salt before the whole Boiling shall he worked off, or

88o

before Delivery rf Declaration, or an Account flj-jilbc taken by the Officer, S<c.

Warehouses may be used at Liverpool or Bristol for storing Salt for Exportation, undtr certain Proviso ns.

Warehousis to be locked up by the Officer.

Salt may be delivered Duty-free from Ware-housestobe carried to Export Warehouses.

SalterRo kSalt remo\ed from a Warthouse, except in the Presence of an Officer, &c. to be forfeited, with the Carriages, &c. and the Ptr-fons concerned to forfeit tool.

Salt or RockSalt removed without a Permit, or under a false D^scription, to

be forfeited, with the Ships, 4:c.

Penalty on Persons concerned in such Removal.

Officers of the Customs or Ex-cife may carry Persons re nov-ing Salt without a Permit before a-Justice, who may convidfc

C. 89. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

delivered to the proper Officer of Excise, or before such Officer shall have duty taken an Account of, and ascertained the Number of Bushels, Barrows, or Troughs of Salt, of such Boiling or Operation, or before the same shall have been removed into such hi?, her, or their entered Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, as aforesaid, then and in every such Case all the Salt so removed, carried, or conveyed away, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forfeited, together with the Package containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietoror Proprietors, or other Person or Persons lo offending, shall, for each and every such Offience, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Pound Weight of such Salt so removed, carried, or conveyed away, or the Sum of one hundred Pounds, at the Election of his Majesty's Attorney General,* or the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker or Refiner of, or Dealer in Salt, to provide or eredf, and make use of one or more such Export Warehouse or Warehouses as herein after mentioned, at or within the Ports of Liverpool or Bristol respectively, for the Purpose of laying, (loring, or keeping therein Salt intended for Exportation: Provided, That every such Warehouse shall be well, substantial, and securely built and constructed, and that no such Warehouse shall have more than one Door or Entrance to the same, and that there be no Communication between any such Warehouse and any other Place whatsoever, except such Door or Entrance as aforesaid: Provided also, That no such Warehouse be less than twenty Yards distant from any Warehouse which shall be used for laying, storing, or keeping Salt for Home Trade or Consumption, and that no such Warehouse be made use of for the laying, storing, or keeping of Salt, until particular Entry, in Writing, of such Warehouse, shall have been made at the next Office of Excise by the Owner or Proprietor thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Warehouse shall be securely locked up by the proper Officer of Excise, except at such Time or Times only as such Officer shall be attending in pursuance of Notice to be given, according to the Directions of this Act, for depoficing Sale therein, or delivering Salt out of the same for Exportation.: j Cfe*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers of Salt, or Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, to deliver, Duty free, from his, her, or their Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, Loft or Lofts, any Quantity of Salt (Rock Salt excepted) to be forthwith carried and conveyed to, and depotited in any such Export Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, at the Ports of Liverpool or Bristol> for the Purpose of being exported therefrom to Parts beyond the Seas.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Salt or Rock Salt shall be taken, removed, or carried out of any Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, or other Place used by any Maker or Makers of Salt, or Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, except in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, and under and according to the Directions of this Adb, between the Hours of seven in the Evening and five in the Morning, from the twenty-fourth Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day of September, or between the Hours of five in the Evening and ("even in the Morning, from the twenty-eighth of September to the twenty-fifth Day of Alarchy such bait and Rock Salt, together with the Package containing the same, and also the Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, and Horses and Cattle used or employed in carrying and removing the lame, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Perons concerned or employed in such Removal, or in whose Custody or Possession such Salt shall be found, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pound?.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Salt or Rock Salt shall be found removed or removing from any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, without a true and lawful Permit accompanying the same, or if any Salt or Rock Salt, sent or consigned to London, Liverpool, Worcester, Gloucester, or Bristol, shall be found removed or removing to any or either of the said Ports or Places, without a true and lawful Permit accompanying the same, or if any Salt or Rock Salt shall be found removed or removing Coafiwile without a true and lawful Permit accompanying the same, or if any Salt or Rock Salt shall be found removed or removing under a false Description, then all such Salt and Rock Salt so found removed or removing, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adf, shall be forfeited, together with the Package containing the same, and also all the Ships, Flats, Barges, Boats, or other Vessels, Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, and the Horses and Cattle used or employed in removing the same, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found, or who shall be, or shall have been employed or concerned in removing the same, shall forfeit the Sucn of forty Shillings for every Pound Weight of Salt and Rock Salt so found removed or removing, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or the Sum of one hundred Pounds, at the Election of his Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of the Customs or Excise shall find or discover any Person or Persons in the Act of carrying or removing any Salt or Rock Salt from any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, without being accompanied by a legal and authentic Permit, granted according to the Directions of this Adf, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer to apprehend such Person or Persons, and to rake him, her, or them before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, wherein such Person or Persons shall be dif-

covered

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89.

covered as aforesaid, and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justicgs of the Peace respectively, on the Party*s Confession of such Offence, or on Proof thereof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict in the Penalty of fifty Pounds, every Person so fuund or discovered as aforesaid; and every such Person so convicted shall, immediately on such Conviction, pay down into the Hands of such Officer the said Penalty in which he or she shall be so convicted, or such Sum to which the said Penalty shall be mitigated by the Judgment of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be applied in Manner herein after directed; and if any such Person so convicted shall not forthwith so pay down the said Penalty, or the Sum of Money to which the same shall be mitigated as aforesaid, the said Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, commit him or her to the House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding twelve Months, to be reckoned from the Day of such Conviction, and the Person so commuted shall not be discharged until he or (lie shall have paid the said Penalty, or the Sum of Money to which the same shall have been so mitigated as aforesaid, or until the Expiration of the Time for which such Commitment was so made.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, shall be deemed or taken to be a secure Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, within the Meaning of this Act, unless the same shall be approved of, in Writing, by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise of the Division or District in which any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft shall be situate, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, and Dealer or Dealers in Salt, shall, at his, her, and their own Expence, from Time to Time, and at all Times when required so to do by the Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise of the Division or District in which any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft shall be situate, immediately set about the altering, repairing, or amending, and shall also, within a reasonable Time then next following, alter, repair, and amend such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, and the Walls, Partitions, Roof, and other Parts thereof respectively, to the Satisfaction of such Surveyor or Supervisor, and to be approved of as aforesaid; and if any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Dealer or Dealers, shall neglect or refuse immediately to set about the altering, repairing, and amending the same, or to repair, amend, or alter the same respectively, when thereunto required according to the Directions of this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall by any Means, Ad, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, open or enter, or gain Access to any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, except in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, whose Business it shall be to attend to unlock the same, every such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by this Act it is directed that any Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, or other Place belonging to any Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, or Dealer or Dealers in Salt, shall be locked up and secured, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Supervisor or Surveyor of Excise of the District or Division within the Compass or Limits of which such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, or other Place shall be situate, to provide and affix proper Locks, Keys, and Fastenings of the bess Sort, at the Expence of the Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, or other Place; and if any such Maker ot Makers, Refiner or Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Dealer or Dealers, shall neglect or refuse to pay for the Locks, Keys, and Fastenings so provided as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, damage, or^ injure any such Lock, Key, or Fattening, or shall by any Act, Device, or Contrivance, open, take off7, or remove any such Lock, Key, or Fattening, or shall open, break, or remove any Door, Shutter, Partition, Floor, or Roof, or any Part thereof, belonging to any such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, or other Place as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any Lock, Key, or Fastening shall be provided in pursuance of this Act, all and every Maker and Makers of Salt, Refiner and Refiners of Rock Salt, and Proprietor and Proprietors of any bale Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, or Dealer or Dealers in Salt, to whom such Locks, Keys, and Fastenings respectively shall then belong, shall, at his, her, or their own Expence, from Time to Time, and at all Limes when required so to do by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or District in which his, her, or their Salt Work, Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Refinery, or Export Warehouse, shall be situate, immediately set about or cause to be set about the altering, repairing, and amending, and shall also, within a reasonable Time then next following, alter, repair, and amend the same respectively, according to such Requifuion; and if any such Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, or Dealer or Dealers in Salt, to whom any such Locks, Keys, and* Fastenings, or any or either of them, shall belong, shall neglect or refuse immediately to set about the altering, repairing, or amending the same, or to alter, repair, or amend the same, when thereunto required, according to the Directions of this Act,

*38 Geo. III. * 5 X he.

8 <81

them in the Penalty, and if not paid, may commit them to the House of Correction

Warehouse* to

be approved of

by the Surveyor or Supervisor of the District

and to be altered i or repaired on his Requisition.

201. Penalty for Neglect, or lor entering Warehouse*, except in Presence of the Officer.

Supervisor or Surveyor of Excise may provide and affix Locks. Sec. on Ware-houses at the Expence of the Parties.

jool. Penalty for not paying for such Locks, or injuring tltfQi, &c.

Locks, &c. to be altered, and repaired by the Owner* on Requifuion of the Surveyors or Supervisors, on Penalty of 201.

882

Previous Notice to be given of Intention to take Salt or Rock Salt out of Wanthouses, and for whatUsess

Officer to attend to tike an Account, which shallhe aChaigc

upon the Maker,

whoffiail be discharged from Payment of Duty for Rock bat removed to

entered Re* firer.es, and for Salt delivered out for certain Purpose$.

For unrefined Rock Salt delivered for Exportation, a Duty of id. per Bushel to be paid.

Excise Officer, on Request, to give Permits gratis, for removing Salt or Rock Salt from

Warehouse s.

0

No Permit to be

valid unless a Request Note be dthvered to the Officer, containing certain Particulars.

C. 89. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

he, she, or they ftnl!, for each and every such Neg!e& or Refusal, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds., |J

XLI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Maker or Makers of Salt, or Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Wurk, shall have Occasion to deliver any Salt or Rock Salt from or out of any entered Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, or other Place, to him, her, or them belonging, he, she, or they Hi all give Notice to the proper Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, or other Place shall be, by the Space of two Hour?, of his, her, or their Intention so to do, specifying in such Notice whether the Salt to be delivered be Rock Salt or other Salt, and whether for Home Trade, or for i nmediate Exportation, or for Removal to any and what particular Export Warehouse, or for the Use of the Fisheries, or Rock Salt to be used at any and what particular entered Refinery of Rock Salt, or for the making of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass; and thereupon such Officer of Excise, who shall be ordered by the proper Supervisor of Excise so to do, and who shall not have other necessary and unavoidable Employment at the Time, shall attend, and open every such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, or other Place, and weigh and take Account of all the Salt or Rock Salt so to be delivered from or out of such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, or other Place, and shall make a just and true Report and Return thereof to the Commissioners of Excise, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint or employ to receive the same; and such Return or Report shall be a Charge upon such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors: Provided always never the! tf«. That every such Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, shall be discharged and relieved, and he, she, or they is and are hereby discharged and relieved, from the Payment of any Duty for so much of the Rock Salt so returned and charged as aforesaid, as dull be duly delivered to be removed and carried to any such entered Refinery of Rock Salt, for the Purpose of being refined, or as shall bedu.y delivered for making Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, such Rock Salt being delivered and removed undrr, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions in that Behalf made and provided by this A &; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, I hat every such Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Propriciots of any Salt Work, shall be discharged and relieved, and he, she, or they is and are hereby discharged and relieved from the Payment of any Duty for lb much of the Salt so returned and charged as aforesaid, (Rock Salt excepted,) as shall be duly and fairly delivered from and out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, for the Purpose of being immediately exported to Parts beyond the Seas, or for Removal to any such Export Warehouse as aforesaid, or for curing and preserving Fish, under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions herein after provided in respe&of Salt delivered for Exportation, or to be removed to any Export Warehouse, or for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish reflectively *, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, Tffiat for so much Rock Salt as shall be duly and fairly delivered for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas, in its native unrefined State, and under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions by this Act in that Behalf provided, no greater or higher Duty shall be paid or payable by the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, than one Penny for every Bushel of such Rock Salt so to be exported; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, shall have Occasion to remove or fend away any Salt or Rock Salt from any entered Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, to him, her, or them belonging, the Officer of-Excise for the Division or Place where such entered Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft shall be situate, shall, without Fee or Reward, fror/i Time to Time, upon a Request Note made and delivered according to the Directions of this Act, grant and give a Permit, ligned by the said Officer, expressing the Quantity or Weight of all such Salt or Rock Salt to be removed or sent away, and distinguishing whether such Salt be Rock Salt or other Salt, and expressing the Names of the respective Persons from whom and to whom the same is intended to be removed, and specifying whether the same is to be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance, and likewise whether the Salt, if Rock Salt, is to be removed for the Purpose of being refined in England$ or for making Mineral Alkali, or for Exportation in its native unrefined State, and if it be not Rock Salt, whether it be Salt for

Home Consumption, or for infimediate Exportation, or for Removal to any* and what particular Export

Warehouse, or Salt to be used or employed in curing and preserving Fish -> and every Officer of Excise, giving or granting such Permit, shall specify therein the Time for which the same shall be in force.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Permit for the Removal of any Salt or Rock Salt shall be granted or be valid, unless the Maker or Makers of Salt, or the Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Mine, Sa t Pit, or Salt Work, from whence such Rock Salt shall have been raised or taken, or his, her, or their known Servant, shall make, and fend or deliver to the proper Officer of Excise by this Act authorized to grant such Permit, a Request Note, in Writing, specifying his, her, or their Name or Names, and also the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom, and the Place to which such Salt or Rock Salt is intended to be removed or sent, the Weight or Quantity of the same, and whether the same is to be removed in Bulk, or in Baskets, Bags, or other Packages, and the

Number, Kind, and Sort, of such Packages, and also whether the Salt or Rock Salt is to be removed by

‘. Laud

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III?

C. 89. 883

Land or Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance, and if it be Rock Salt which is intended to be removed, whether it be for the Purpose of being refined by the Person to whom the same is to be sent, or for making Mineral Alkali, or for Exportation in its native unrefined State, or if it be other Salt, whether it be for Home Consumption or for Exportation, or to be used or employed in curing and preserving Fish respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Pit, Salt Mine, or Salt Work, shall respectively, daily and every Day, enter in a Book or Paper to be provided for that Purpose, an exact and particular Account cfeach and every Parcel, Quantity, or Load of Salt or Rock Salt fold, delivered, or sent out by such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, and shall diffinguifii the Kind or Species of Salt, and whether the same is fold, delivered, or sent out for Home Trade or Consumption, or for immediate Exportation, or for Removal to one of such Export Warehouses, specifying the same, and the Owner thereof, or to be used or employed in curing and preserving Fish, or Rock Salt for refining, or for making Mineral Alkali; and such Book or Paper shall be returned to the next Office of Excise every six Weeks, and the Truth of the Entries made therein shall be then and there verified upon the Oath of such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, or his, her, or their Chief Workmen or Agent, before the proper Collc3or or Supervisor of Excise, and the several and respective ColIe3ors and Supervisors of Excise are hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath accordingly; and in case any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall negle3 or refuse to keep such Book or Paper, or to make due Entries therein, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or shall neglect or refuse to return the same as hereinbefore directed, or to verify the said Entries, or any of them, upon Oath, such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XLV. And be it further ena3td, 'I'hat all and every such Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, shall, within one Week after he, she, or they shall have or ought to have made such Entry upon Oath as lass aforesaid, pay and clear off all the Duties for and in respc3 of Salt or Rock Salt, which shall be due from him, her, or them respectively; and that every such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, who shall negle3 or refuse to make such Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall be so neglected or refused.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further cna3ed, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salk Work, shall weekly, and at the End of every Week, pay and clear off all the Duties for or in respe3 of Salt and Rock Salt which shall have been charged to such Maker or Makers, Refiner of Refiners, or Proprietor or P.oprietors, in the then current Week, unless such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall have given Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in double the Value of the Duties which such Commissioners of Excise, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall judge l.kely to

- __ y ifi n n ... ^Ar%________ 4*__________ A_y___

arise,

Propi

and |______o______

Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, for or in respe3 of Salt or Rock Salt; and that if any Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Sait Pit, or Salt Work, who shall not have given such Bond or Security as aforesaid, shall negle3 or refuse to pay and clear off weekly, and at the End of every Week, all the Duties for and in respe3 of Salt or Rock Salt which shall be due from or unpaid by him, her, or them, such Maker or Makers, Renner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall forfeit for every such Offence double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall be so ntgk3ed or refused.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Salt and Rock Sift, and all Materials, Preparations, Implements, Machines, Utensils, and Vessels, in the Custody of any Alaker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt \Vrork, or in the Custody of any Person or Persons to the Use of or in Trust for such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to, and the same are hereby made chargeable with all and fir gular the Duties of Excise in Arrear, cr owing from Time to Time by such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Rtfiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, for or in respe3 of any Salt made or refined, or Reck Salt raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, by hitn, her, or them respectively, and shall also be subject to all p'ines, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprittor or Proprietors, for any Offence against this Act, and that it shall and may be lawful in all such Cases 10 levy such Duties,-Fines, and Penalties, and to use such Proceedings as tnay lawfully be done, in relation to such Salt and Rock Salt, Materials, Preparations, Implements, Machines, Utensils, and Vessels, as it the Debtor or Offender was the true and lawful Owner thereof.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Rock Salt shall be found removing to, or shall be delivered at or on the Premises belonging to any Salt Refinery or Salt Work whatsoever, without a legal Per*

A daily Account to be kept of Salt or Rock Salt fold or delivered, and for what Purposes, winch shall every fix Wetki be returned to the next Excise Office, and there verified on Oath, on Penal, ty of tool.

Within a Week after such Entry on Oath, the Duties to be paid on Penalty of double the Amount *.

The Duties for Salt or Rock Salt charged in the Week, to be cleared at the End thereof, (unless Bond lm been given in double the probable Duties in six Weeks, to pay them at the End of every six Weeks,) on Penalty of double the Amount.

Salt, Material: &c. in the Cui tody of Makei of Salt, &c. to be answerable for Duties and Penalties.

sx

mit

Rock Sait re. moving to, or delivered on Premifrs be -

1* it*.

884

C. 89.

Anno tricesimo o<ftavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

longing to a Salt Refinery or Salt Work, without a Permit, to be forfeited, with Ships, &c. and the Persons. concerned to forfeit jool.

If any Refiner shall remove from his Prc-mises, or dispose of Rock Sait in its native State, except for melting at his own Works, it shall l»e forfeited.

Penalty for so removing or.disposing of- it.

Scales and Weights to be kept at Salt Mines, &ec. for the Use of the Excise Officers.

Penalty of 100L

ior not provide fog them, of not firflfering the Officers to use them, or using t»l(c ones, &c,.

Makers of Salt,

&c.toaffi(l with their Servants the Excise Officers in weighing Salt,"on Penalty of iccl.

ihit, granted and obtained under and according to the Directions- of this Act, then and in such Case all such Rock Saltfo found removing, or which shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same, and Ships, Flats, Barges, Boats and other Vessels, Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages,’and also the]Horses and Cattle used and employed in removing the same, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person and Persons employed or concerned in removing,' delivering, or knowingly receiving the same without such Permit as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, i ',v: w

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt shall remove, fend, or carry away from his, her, or their entered Premises, or dispose of any Rock Salt in its native unrefined State, except for the Purpose of melting at and for the Use of his, her, or their own Works, or shall knowingly suffer any Rock Salt to be removed, carried, or sent away, or otherwise disposed of, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Refiner or Refiners shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the said Rock Salt so removed, carried, sent away, or disposed of, together with the Packages containing the same, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and such Refiner or Refiners, or the Person or Persons who shall so remove, carry, fend away, or dispose of any such Rock Salt as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, over and befules the Forfeiture of the said Rock Salt, forfeit and lofe the Sum of forty Shillings for every Pound Weight thereof, or the Sum of one hundred Pounds, at the Election of his Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.;

L. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, or Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, or of any Export or Import Warehouse as aforesaid, shall, and he, (lie, and they is and are hereby required to provide and keep proper, sufficient, and just Scales and Weights at each and every Salt Mine, Sale Pit, Salt Refinery, Salt Work, and Export and Import Warehouse respectively, to him, her, or them belonging, for the Purposecf weighing and taking an Account of the Salt and Rock Salt respectively, which shall at any Time be in the Custody or Possession of any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, and shall permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same; and if any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall neglect or refuse to provide and keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them^ or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same, or if any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall, in the weighing of any such Salt or Rock Salt, make use of, or cause or procure, or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjust, or inefficient Scales or Weights, or shall use or practise any Art, Device, or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers shall be or may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight, and ascertaining the true Quantity of any such Salt or Rock Salt, such Maker or iMakers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, (nail, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with all such false, unjust, or inefficient Scales and Weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise. -

LI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, or Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, Salt Work,-or Export or Import Warehouse, shall, when and so often as he, she, or they shall be thereunto required by the proper Officer of Excise, with a sufficient Number of his, her, or their Servants, aid and assist, to the utmost of his, her, or their Power, such Officer or Officers in weighing of his, her, or their Salt, or Rock Salt, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refusal so to do, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take, remove, or carry away, or hide or conceal any Salt, or Rock Salt, with Intent to evade the Duty by this Act imposed, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and all the Salt, or Rock Salt, so taken, removed, carried away, hid, or concealed, and also the Package containing the same,*shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise.

If ary Person shall remove or conceal any Salt to evade the Duty, he shall forfeit 50l. and the Salt shall be forfeited.

To ascertain the

Quantity of Salt

or Rock Salt by the Officer, not

kfs than two

Buflicls shall he

weighed, except

where the

"Whole to be, de-

shall be less. Allowance to be made for Turn of the Scale.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Officer or Officers of Excise is or are authorized, empowered, or required to ascertain the Quantity of Salt, or Rock Salt, by Weight, no less Quantity of such Salt, or Rock Salt, shall be weighed at one Draught than two Bufbels, save and except in any Case where the whole Quantity of Salt, or Rock Salt, to be delivered at any one Time* shall be Ids than two Bushels; and every such Officer or Officers, on weighing any Salt, or Rock Salt, shall give the Turn of the Scale in Favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof shall make an Allowance at and after the Rate of Half a Pound Weight in every two Buflicls of such Salt, or Rock Salt.

Officers of the Customs or Excite may feiae S.Ut or Rock Salt, found in

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Cuf-tomsor Excise to seize any Quantity of Salt, or Rock Salt, together with the Package containing the same, that shall be found in any Ship, Flat, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, or in any Waggon, Cart, or other

Carriage whatsoever, or loaded on any Horse, or which shall be lodged or concealed in any House, Out- houfr,

t*

house, or other Place whatsoever, and also such Ship, Flat, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse and Horses, and other Cattle made use of in drawing such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, or in carrying such Salt, or Rock Salt, when such Officer or Officers shall have good Reason to suspect and believe that such Salt, or Rock Salt, shall have been privately and clandestinely procured or made in some private Salt Work, or other private Place, or clandestinely imported without Payment of Duty, or that the same shall have been fraudulently unshipped or re-landed after the same had been shipped for Exportation, or for the Purpose of curing and preserving Kifh, or that the same shall have been fraudulently or clandestinely taken or delivered out of any Warehouse, Storehouse, or other Place where the same may or shall have been lodged and dtpofited, under the Direction of this Act; and if the Party in whose Custody or Possession such Salt, or Rock Salt, shall be found, or who shall lay claim thereto, shall not, at the Hearing or Trial of the Information for condemning the same, make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Court or Jury that the Duty has been duly and fairly paid for the said Salt, or Rock Salt, or that the fawas not landed, unshipped, or re-landed, or taken or delivered out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or other Place as aforesaid, with any fraudulent Design or Intention, then and in every such Case such Salt, or Rock Salt, together with the Package containing the same, and the Ships, Flats, Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, and also the Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages and Horles, in or upon which the same shall be found, and the Cattle made use of in the drawing of such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or which shall be used or employed in removing such Salt, or Rock Salt, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and the Person or Persons in whole Custody or Possession such Salt, or Rock Salt, shall be found, or who shall be concerned or employed in unshipping, -landing, re-landing, removing, or carrying the same, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings for every Pound Weight of such bait, or Rock Salt, so found as aforesaid.

any Ship, Wajt gon, &c. or concealed in any Place, with the Ship, &c. when they have Reason to think it has been privately made, clandestinely imported, &c» and if the Tart*

w

does not make it appear that the Duty has been paid, &c. they shall be forfeit*

Penalty on Persons in whose Curtcdy such Salt or Rock Salt shall be found, Sec*

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Salt, or Rock Salt, shall be fraudulently lodged, hid, or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty of the Duties by this or any other Act imposed for or in respect thereof, all such Salt and Rpck Salt respectively shall be forfeited, together with the Package containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise; and the better to enable such Officer or Officers to discover any such Salt, or Rock Salt, so forfeited, if any such Officer or Officers shall have Cause to lulpecf that any such Salt, or Rock Salt, shall be so depohted, lodged, hid, or concealed in any Place or Pieces whatsoever, then and in every such Case, if such Place or Places be within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before any two of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or in case such Pk__ or Places shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place where such Officer or Officers shall suspect such Salt, or Rock Salt, to be lodged, hid, or concealed, felting forth the Grounds of his or their Suspicions, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers, by Day or by Night, but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall fuf-pe& such Salt, or Rock Salt, to be so lodged, hid, or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such Salt, or Rock Salt, as he or they shall then and there find lo lodged, hid, or concealed, together with all the Casks, Bags, or other Packages whatsoever wherein the same shall be contained; and the Person or Persons in

Salt or Rock Salt hid to evade the Duties to be forfeited, and Officers of the Cu (tarns or Excise fufptdhng it to be so liid, on making Oath thereof, may be authorized by the Commissioners of Exciic, or a Justice, to search lor it, dec*

ijesty

idled.

Penalty on Per* fans in whose Possession such Salt or Rock Salt shall be found.

Proof of the Payment of the Duties, &c. on Salt or RockSa’r seized, to lie on the Owner.

whose Possession such Salt, or Rock Salt, shall be so found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Shillings for every Pound Wpiahe^f f.w-h J ilt, or Rock Salt, so lodged, hid, or concealed, or the Sunt of one hundred

Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall luc for the same.

- wv.u tun^ivu, That if any Salt, or Rock Salt, shall be seized by any Officer or Of-

ficers of the Customs or Excise, and any Dispute shall arise, whether the Duties due and payable thereon shall have been paid for the lame, then and in every such Case the Proof of the Payment of the Duties, or that the said Salt was fairly and lawfully removed from some known and entered Salt Work, according to the Directions of this Aci, shall lie on the Owner or Owners, Claimer or Claimers of such Salt, or Rock Salt, and not on the (Officer who shall seize, stop, or detain the same.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Salt shall be delivered free of Duty for Exportation, save and except from or out of the Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, or Warehouse?, Storehouses, or Lofts, belonging and adjoining to the Salt Work or Salt Refinery where such Salt so to be exported shall have been made or refined, or from or out of some Export Warehouse, to be provided, entered, and approved, at and within the Ports of Bristol or Liverpool, under and according to the Direchons of this Act.

LpNre.1 > ing Sale Works, or Refineries, or Export Warehouses, at Briftai or Liverpool.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Rock Salt shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, upon No Rock Salt to Payment of only the low Duty to which Rock Salt for Exportation is subject and liable by this Act, save and except such Rock Sait only as shall be delivered for that Purpose from or out of the Warehouse or Stote-house belonging and adjoining to the Salt Mine or Salt Pit from whence the Rock Salt so to be exported shall have been taken; and all such Rock Salt, which shall be delivered for Exportation upon such low Duty aforesaid, shall be carried or conveyed immediately from such Warehouse or Storehouse so belonging and ^joining to such Salt Mine or Salt Pit as aforesaid, to the Port from whence the same is intended to be ex-; S £ ported,

No Salt to be delivered Duty free for Exportation except from Ware-heufes adjoin

be exported on the* low Duty, except delivered lronv the Ware-house adjoining the Mine Ircm whence t.;k«n, and such Sal.' thal* be convey-

886

C. 89.

Anno tricesimo odfiivo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

cd immediately to the Port of

Exportation,

&c.

ported, and shall be there put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same is intended to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and shall no: be landed, or put or deposited in any Warehouse, Storehouse, or other Place in Great Britain, except in case of unavoidable Necessity, after the same shall have been so delivered for Pixportation as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting all the Rock Salt so landed or put into any Warehouse, Storehouse, or other Place, contrary to the true intent and Meaning of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Rock Salt shall be delivered free of Duty, save and except such Rock Salt only as shall be removed from and out of the Warehouse or Storehouse belonging and adjoining to the Salt Mine or Salt Pit from whence the same was raised or taken, for the Purpose of being carried or conveyed, under, subjeiSi, and according to the Rules and Regulations herein after in that Behalf provided, to some known and entered Refinery of Rock Salt, and such Rock Salt, so delivered free of Duty for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be carried and conveyed directly from the Warehouse or Storehouse, from whence the lame shall be removed as aforesaid, to the Salt Refinery at which the same is intended to be melted and ID - refined.,

entere.i Rctm-

cry, where it shall be conveyed directly.

LX. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or continued to extend to prevent any such Maker or Makers of Mineral Alkali, or Flux fur Glass, as is herein-

N® Rock Salt shall be delivered Duty free, except from the 'Warehouse.adjoining the Mine whence taken, to be carried to nn

Rock Salt may he t ken out of Warehouses Duty free, for making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for GJafl), on Bond.

Makers of Salt, &c. to give previous Notice to the Officer of Intention to deliver Salt for Exportation, curing Fish, or ro be sent to an entered Export Warehouse, Specifying certain Particulars.

after mentioned, from taking any Rock Salt from or out of any such Warehouse, free of Duty, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, on giving such Bond or Security as is herein after in that

Behalf prescribed.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Maker or Makers of Salt, or Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, shall have Occasion to deliver any Salt from his, her, or their entered Warehouse or Warehouses, or Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, either for immediate Exportation, or to be used and employed in curing and preserving Fish, or to be font and conveyed to some entered Export Warehouse, provided under and according to the Dire£iions of this Act, for keeping Salt for Exportation, at the Port of Liverpool or Bristol, he, she, or they shall give previous Notice in VVrrting to the proper Officer of Excise, under, whole Survey such Warehouse or Ware-houses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, shall be, by the Space of two Hours, of his or their Intention so to deliver Salt as aforesaid, and shall specify in such Notice the Day and (-lour of the Day when he, she, or they intends or intend to weigh and deliver such Salt, the Quantity he, she, or they intends or intend to deliver; and if it be Salt intended for immediate Exportation, he, (he^ or they shall specify at what Port or Place such Salt is intended to be shipped, and by vjiat Conveyance the same is to be carried ro such Port or Place; and if such Salt is intended to be removed to any such Export Warehouse, to what particular Export Warehouse the same is intended to be removed, and what is the Name of the Owner or Proprietor of such Export Warehouse, and by what Conveyance the same is intended to be removed to such Export Warehouse; or if the Salt so to be delivered as aforesaid shall be intended for the Purpose of curing or preserving Fish, then such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid, shall specify in such Notice the Name of the Fish Curer or Fish Curers to whom, and the Place to which the Salt is to be conveyed or sent, and by what Conveyance the same is to be removed.

LXII. Provided always nevertheless, That if the Flat* Boat, or Vessel, in or by which the Salt specified in any such Notice is intended to be removed or conveyed, shall be found incapable, either from the Want of Wateror other unavoidable Circumstance, to receive, take, or convey the whole Quantity of Salt so specified in any such Notice, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Maker, Refiner, or Proprietor as aforesaid, to discontinue any such Weighing or Delivery, upon giving to the proper Officer of Excise a Declaration in Writing, specifying the real Cause of the Discontinuance, and the true Quantity of Salt which shall have actually been weighed and delivered in pursuance of any such Notice as aforesaid. ff

Delivery may be discontinued, on giving a Declaration to the Officer of the Cause, &c.

Eciore Sait shall

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Salt shall be delivered free of Duty for immediate Exportation, or before any Rock Salt shall be delivered for Exportation upon the low Duty to which Rock Salt is subject and liable upon Exportation, the Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners thereof, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, from whence the same shall be so delivered, (hill give sufficient Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed determined by them for that Purpose, in treble the Amount of the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of Salt, or Rock Salt, for Home Trade or Consumption, for all the Salt and Rock Salt so to be delivered for immediate Exportation, that all such Salt and Rock Salt so to be delivered for Exportation, and every Part thereof, shall* the Danger of Enemies only excepted, be duly shipped and put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same is intended to be exported beyond the Seas, and that no Part of such Salt, or Rock Salt, shall, before the 'hipping thereof in such Ship or Vessel, be fold or delivered for Home Trade or Consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain. |1 S* I

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That such Bond or Security as aforesaid shall be cancelled and discharged upon the Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners of the Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt

5 Work

If the Flat, kc. in which Sait specified in any Notice is intended to be removed, be incapable to receive the whole Quantity, the Weighing or

be delivered Duty free, or Rock Salt on the low Duty, for Exportation, Bond to be given that it shall be duly shipped and not chn-destinctly disposed of in Great Eritain.

How such Bond shall be dif. cha ged.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 887

me proper, vuivci ui j.ALuta.vuuiiL^ uuuci me uauu ui iuui uuicr vyinicr ur lauic a!) uia.i ue

ized or employed to give and grant the same, testifying that all and every Part of the Salt, and Rc mentioned in such Bond or Security, had been duly shipped and put on board the Ship or Vessel i

Work from whence the Salt, or Rock Salt, was so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper Officer of Excise a.Certificate under the Hand of such other Officer of Excise as shall be author-

Rock Salt,

in which;

the same was intended to be exported, under, subject, and according to the Rules and Regulations herein after in that Behalf prescribed: Provided always, That such Certificate shall be produced"to and left with such proper Officer of Excise within two Months next after the Day on which such Salt shall have been so delivered out of the Warehouse or Scoiehouse, or Wat ehouses or Storehouses, belonging to such Maker or Makers, Reliner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid.

LXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if on the Arrival at Liverpool or Bristol of any Salt, (Rock Salt excepted,) delivered for the Purpose of being shipped for Exportation from thence, the Ship or Vessel in which the same was intended to be exported shall have failed from thence, or if for Want of Stowage or other Cause such Salt cannot be received or taken on board such Ship or Vessel, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Owner or Owners of such Salt, upon due Notice in Writing given to the proper Officer of Excise within twelve Hours after the Arrival of such Salt, and upon a due Observance of Conformity to, and Compliance with the Rules, Regulations, Re-ftii£tions, and Provisions provided and established lor and in respect of the warehousing of Salt in any entered Export Warehouse at the P orts of Liverpool and Bristol, to deliver the Whole of such Salt, if the Whole cannot be received or taken on board such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, or such Part thereof as cannot be received or taken on board such Ship or Veiled, into any such entered Export Warehouse; whereupon and in every such Case the proper Officer of Excise, upon being satisfied that the Whole of such Salt, or such Part thereof as hath not been duly shipped and exported to Parts beyond the Seas, has been duly delivered and secured in such Export Warehouse, is hereby authorized and required to grant a Certificate, testifying what Quantity of such Salt has been so shipned for Exportation, and what Quantity thereof hath been delivered and secured in such Export Warehouse as aforesaid; and if the whole Quantity of Salt specified in such Certificate shall correspond and agree with the Quantity specifi d in the Bond given on the first Delivery of such Salt from the Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft belonging to the Salt Work where such Salt was made, and if such Certificate shall be produced to and left with the proper Officer of Excise within the Time limited in such Bond or Security for the Production of the Certificate mentioned in the Condition of such Bond or Security, then and in such Case such Bond or Security so given as aforesaid shall be cancelled and discharg-cd *, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, /'hat when and so often as any Owner or Proprietor, or Owners or Proprietors of any such Export Warehouse as aforesaid, provided and entered for the Purpose of laying, storing, and keeping Salt therein at the Port of Liverpool or Bristol, for Exportation as aforesaid, shall have Occasion to deliver any Salt from or out of such his, her, or their Warehouse, he, she, or they shall give previous Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Warehouse shall then be, by the Space of six Hours, of his, her, or their Intention so to deliver such Salt as aforesaid, and shall specify in such Notice the Day and Hour of the Day when he, she, or they intends or intend to weigh and deliver such Salt, and the Quantity thereof which he, she, or they so intends or intend to deliver for Ex-ortation, and the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which the same is intended to be exported, and of the after thereof, and to what Place such Salt is intended to be exported.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer of Excise of the Divisionin which any such Export Warehouse, provided and entered for the Purpose of laying, storing, and keeping Salt for Exportation, at the Port of Liverpool or Bristol, shall be situate, once in every Year, that is to say, in the Month of June in every Year, to weigh and take a particular Account of all the Salt remaining in any such Warehouse as aforesaid; and if upon weighing and taking such Account it shall appear that the whole Quantity of Salt duly delivered out of such Warehouse, since the Day on which the same was first entered at the Excise Office, or since the last preceding Time of taking such particular Account as aforesaid, added to the Quantity of Salt then remaining in such Warehouse, shall fall short or be deficient of the Quantity of Salt actually delivered into or deposited in such Warehouse, since the Day on which such Warehouse was first entered as aforesaid, or since the last preceding Time of taking such particular Account as aforesaid, added to the Quantity of Salt which was taken and established as the Stock of Salt in such Warehouse at such last preceding Time of taking such particular Account as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Warehouse shall, for such Deficiency, forfeit and lose at and after the Rate of twelve Shillings for every BtifheJ of Salt lo deficient, one-sixth Part of which shall be to the Officer or Officers who shall discover such Deficiency, and the other five Parts to and for the Use of his Majesty; but if instead of a Deficiency there shall appear to be an Increase or Surplus of Salt upon so taking such particular Account of, and balancing the Stock of Salt in any such Export Warehouse as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Increase or Surplus shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the depending Stock of Salt in such Export Warehouse, and shall be carried forward, accounted for, and established as Part of the Stock of Salt of such Export Warehouse at the next subsequent Time of weighing and taking the particular Account, and balancing of the Stock of Salt in such Export Warehouse as aforesaid. h ? .?

If cn the Arrival at Liverpool or EriAol of Salt delivered for Expo: talien from tncncc, it cannot be taken on bovcl, the Proprietor, upon Notice to the Excise Officer, &c. may deliver it into an Export Warehouse, and, on Certificate from the Officer, the Bond shall be cancelled.

Previous Notice to be given the Officer of Intention to deliver Salt from Export Ware-, l.oufes, specilying certain Particulars.

Hi

In June ycaily the Officer to take an Accour.t of Sait in Export Warehouses, and the Proprietor to forfeit ii*. for every Bushtl defic.er.t, One-fixch to the Officer, and the Remainder to

lat Majesty.

Increase of Suit, on taking fu« h.

Account, to be.

deemed Part of the dependifg

Stock.

888 ,

Before Salt is delivered Dufy free for curing Fish, Bond to be jpven that it fh:il! be duly delivered to the Fish Curer.

Now such Bonds shall be discharged.

Before Salt shall lie delivered for Removal to any Export Warehouse, Bond to be given that it shall be delivered into it.

How such Bonds shall be dif-cluiged.

Salt delivered to be removed to an Export Warehouse may, on its Arrival at Liverpool or Bristol, be immediately Shipped for Exportation, and on Certificate from the Officer the Bond shall be discharged.

C. 89. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Salt shall be delivered free of Duty, for the

Purpose of curing or preserving Fish, the Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners thereof, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Work from whence the same is to be so delivered, or the Merchant or Merchants for v\hofc Account or on whose Order the same shall be delivered, shall give sufficient Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in treble the Amount of the Duty of the Salt so intended to be delivered for the Purpose of curing or preserving Fish, (in which Bond or Security the Mailer or Owner of the Ship or Vessel in which the Salt is to be carried or conveyed shall join,) that all such Salt, and every Part thereof, shall, the Dangers of Enemies only excepted, be duly delivered into the Custody and Possession of the Fish Cuicr or Fish Curers, for or to whom the same is to be consigned or sent, and that no Part of such Salt shall, before the same shall be so delivered into the Custody or Possession of such Fish Cureror Fish Curers as aforesaid, be fold or delivered for Home Trade or Consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great hh it a in »,

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That such last mentioned Bond or Security shall be cancelled and discharged upon the Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners of the Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Work where the Salt was so delivered, or the Merchant or Merchants for or on whose Account or Order the Salt was so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper Officer of Excise a Certificate under the Hand of such other Officer of Excile as shall be authorized to give and grant the same, testifying that all and every Part of the Salt mentioned in such Bond or Security has been duly delivered into the Custody or Possession of the Fish Curer or Fish Curers for whom the lame was intended, or to whom the same was consigned or sent, and that Bond or Security has been given by or on the Part of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, that all the Salt sent or consigned \o him, her, or them, and delivered into his, her, or their Custody, shall be used and employed in curing and preserving Fish: Provided always, That such Certificate shall be produced to and left with such proper Officer of Excise within three Months next after the Day on which such Salt shall have been delivered out of the Warehouse or Storehouse, or Warehouses or Storehouses, belonging to such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid,

LXX. And be it further enacted, That before any Salt shall be delivered for the Purpose of being removed to any such entered Export Warehouse at Liverpool or Bristol as aforesaid, the Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners thereof, or the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Work, from which the Salt shall be intended to be delivered, shall give sufficient Bond or Security, to be approved by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in double the Amount of the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of Salt for Home Trade or Consumption, for all the Salt so to be delivered as aforesaid, that all the Salt so to be delivered as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, shall, the Dangers of Enemies only excepted, be duly removed to, and delivered into such Warehouse at Liverpool or Bristol, to which the same shall be consigned or sent, and that no Part thereof shall be delivered for Home Trade or Consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain. Q JH

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That such last mentioned Bond or Security shall be cancelled and discharged upon the Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners of Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Work from whence the Salt was removed as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper Officer of Excise a Certificate under the Hand of such Officer of Excise as shall be authorized to give and grant the same, testifying that all and every Part of the Salt mentioned in such Bond or Security has been duly removed to, and delivered at, and secured in the said Warehouse to which the same was lent or consigned: Provided always, That such Certificate shall be produced to and left with such proper Officer of Excile within three Months next after the Day on which such Sait shall have been first delivered from the Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, belonging to the Salt Work at which the same was made.

LXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if on the Arrival at Liverpool or Bristol of any Salt delivered upon Bond or Security for the Purpose of being removed to any such entered Export Warehouse as aforesaid, the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Owner or Owners of any such Sal£, shall bedefirous of immediately exporting the same, or any Part thereof, in lieu and instead of first putting the same into such Export Warehouses as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Owner or Owners, upon duly observing, conforming to, and complying with all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions provided and established for or in re(pe£t of the exporting of Salt, immediately, and without putting the same into such Export Warehouse, to ship the Whole, or any Part of such Salt, for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas; whereupon and in every such Case the proper Officer of Excise, upon being satisfied that the Wtholc of such Salt, or such Part thereof as hath not been delivered and secured in such Export Warehouse as aforesaid, has been duly shipped and exported to Parts beyond the Seas, is hereby authorized and required to grant a Certificate, testifying what Quantity of such Salt hath been so shipped for Exportation, and what Quantity thereof hath been delivered and secured in such Export Warehouse as aforesaid; and if the whole Quantity of Salt specified in such Certificate shall correspond and agree with the Quantity specified in the Bond or Security given on the first Delivery of such Salt from the Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft belonging to the Salt Work where such Salt was made, and if such Certificate shall

6 be

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 889

Before Rock Salt shall be delivered Duty free to be refined, Bond to be given that it shall be delivered at the Refinery, and not fold before for any other Fur-pose.

How such Bonds shall be discharged.

be produced to and left with the proper Officer of Excise, within the Time limited in such Bond or Security for the Production of the Certificate mentioned in the Condition of such Bond or Security, then and in such Case such Bond or Security so given as aforesaid shall be cancelled and discharged; any Thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Rock Salt shall be delivered free of Duty, to be melted and refined at any entered Refinery in Great Britain, the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Mine or Salt Pit, from whence such Rock Salt is to be delivered, shall give sufficient Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in treble the Value of the Duty of the Rock Salt so intended to be delivered for the Purpose of being melted and refined as aforesaid, that all such Rock Salt, and every Part thereof, shall be duly delivered at the entered Refinery to which, and into the Custody and Possession of the entered Refiner or Refiners for or to whom, the same is to be consigned or sent, and that no Part of such Rock Salt shall, the Danger of Enemies only excepted, before the same shall be delivered into the Custody or Possession of such Refiner or Refiners as aforesaid, at and on the said Refinery, be fold or delivered for any other Purpose, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain*

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That such last mentioned Bond or Security shall be cancelled or discharged, upon the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Mine or Salt Pit, where the Rock Salt was so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper Officer of Excise a Certificate under the Hand of such other Officer of Excise as shall be authorized to give and grant the same, testifying that all and every Part of the Rock Salt mentioned in such Bond or Security has been duly delivered at the entered Refinery at which, and into the Custody or Possession of the entered Refiner or Refiners for whom the same was intended, or to whom the same was consigned or sent: Provided always, That such Certificate shall be produced to and left with such proper Officer of Excise, within three Months next after the Day on which such Rock Salt shall have been delivered out of the Warehouse or Storehouse, or Warehouses or Storehouses, belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Rock Salt, which shall be delivered Duty free, for the Use of, or to be conveyed to any Refinery of Rock Salt, shall be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, or in any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, in which any Salt of any other Description, or any Salt, or Rock Salt, for any other Purpose, shall be put or laid; and that no Rock Salt, which shall be delivered upon the low Duty for Exportation, shall be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, or in any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, in which any Salt of any other Description, or any Salt, or Rock Salt, for any other Purpose, shall be put or laid; and that no Salt, delivered Dutyfree for Exportation, or to be used in curing and preserving Fish respectively, shall be removed in any Hat, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, or in any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, in which any Salt of any other Description, or for any other Purpose, shall be put or laid; on Pain of forfeiting all the Salt, or Rock Salt, which shall be found so removed or removing, contrary to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of this Acb, and the same, together with the Package containing the same, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise. HIH

any other Purpose shall be put, of Penalty of Force.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That before any Salt, or Rock Salt, shall be put into, or shipped Previous Notice on board of any Ship or Vessel, in which the same is intended to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, the Shipper or Exporter thereof shall give at least six Hours Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise of his Intention to ship the same, specifying in such Notice the Quantity of the Salt, or Rock Salt, to be shipped, the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which the same is to be shipped and exported, and of the Master thereof, and the Port or Place to which the Salt, or Rock Salt, is to be consigned or lent, and shall also, before such Salt, or Rock Salt, shall be shipped, give Efficient Bond or Security, to be approved by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, (in which

And C_______ a: w n _ _ '_____ J _ _ CL*, \7 ~{T~\ \ \r a.\_

Rock Salt delivered Duty-free for refining, or upon the low, but/ for Exportation, and Salt Duty free for Exportation or curing Fish, shall not be removed respc£L ively in any Flat, &c. in which Salt of any other Description cr for

Bond or Security the Master or Commander of the Ship or Vessel shall join,) in treble the Value of the Duty on Salt for Home Trade or Consumption, for all the Salt or Rock Salt to be exported, that all and every Part of such Salt or Rock Salt shall, the Danger of the Seas and Enemies only excepted, be duly and truly exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and that the said Salt or Rock Salt, or any Part thereof, shall not be unshipped or relanded in any Part of Great Britain. t

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all such Salt, or Rock Salt, shall be weighed and shipped, and put into or on board of the Ship or Vessel in which the same is to be exported in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, who is hereby authorized and required to attend the weighing and Chipping of such Salt -«r Rock Salt, upon the Receipt of such Notice, duly and legally sent or delivered to him as aforesaid; and if the Salt or Rock Salt so Chipped and put into or on board such Ship or Vessel, shall be Salt or Rock Salt that shall have been sent or brought immediately from the Salt Work at which the same was raised, made, or refined, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon seeing and being satisfied that all the Salt or Rock Salt sent or brought immediately from the Salt Work for Exportation as aforesaid, has been or is duly Chipped and put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same is intended to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and that Bond or Security has been legally given for the due Exportation thereof, to give and grant to the Party authorized to receive the lame, a Certificate

38 Geo. III. cY under

to be given ro the Officer of

Intention to ship Salt or Rock Sait for Exportation, specifying certain Particulars, with Rond

that it shall be duly exported.

Such Salt and Bock Salt shall be weighed and

flipped in the Presence of the Officer, who shall grant a Certificate, specifying the Quantity and Species shipped, &c.

Salt (Reck Salt *nd Foreign Salt excepted) for which the Duties have betn paid, or secured to be paid, may be exported upon certain Conditions.

Officer to give the Exporter a Debenture, expressing the Quantity of Salt exported, &c. on Production of which to the Collector of the Port, he shall allow a Drawback of the Duty.

No Certificate for cancelling Ponds, or Debenture for obtaining Drawbacks, shall be made out upon Exportation of Salt or Rock / Salt, or upon Delivery of Salt for curing Fish,

C. 89. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

under his Hand, specifying the Quantity and Species of the Salt or Rock Salt so shipped for Exportation as aforesaid, and also the Name or Names of the Person or Persons from whom the Salt or Rock Salt was brought or Cent, together with the Date and Number of the Permit with which the same was accompanied, and the Day on which the Salt or Rock Salt was so shipped as aforesaid.

I/XXVI1L And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall have paid, or secured to be paid, his Majesty's Duty due and payable for any Salt, (Rock Salt and Foreign Salt excepted,) or who shall buy or be lawfully entitled to any Salt (Rock Salt and Foreign Salt excepted) from the Person or Persons who actua)ly paid his Majesty's Duties for the same, to export from any lawful Quays, and in the lawful Hours, any Salt (Rock Salt and Foreign Salt excepted) for which all the Duties shall have been paid, or secured to be paid, to any Parts beyond the Seas, by way of Merchandize, upon the Terms and according to the Directions herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) the Person or Persons so intending to export such Salt as aforesaid, shall give six Hours Notice in Writing of the Fime and Place of shipping such Salt, unto the proper Officer of the Port or Place where such Salt shall be intended to be shipped, who shall thereupon attend, and fee the same weighed and put on Shipboard; and the Exporter or Exporters of such Salt shall cause all such Salt to be weighed and shipped in the Presence of such Officer accordingly; and shall also, before the shipping thereof, give sufficient Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in treble the Value of the Duty intended to be drawn back, that all and every Part of the Salt so intended to be exported shall, the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies only excepted, be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and shall not be unshipped, unladen, or laid or put on board any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted); and the Exporter shall make Oath before the proper Officer of Excise of the said Port or Place, (which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) that he believes the Duty upon such Salt has been fully paid, or secured to be paid; and the said Officer of Excile being satisfied that all such Salt has been duly and fairly shipped and exported, shall, within one Month after the Exportation thereof, give to the Exporter, or his Chief Clerk or Manager, a Debenture, expressing the Quantity of such Sail so exported as aforesaid, and that Oath has been made that the Duty has been paid (or the same, and also that Bond or Security has been given for the due Exportation thereof; and such Debenture being produced to the Collector of Excise of the Port or Place from whence the Salt was exported, such Collector shall forthwith pay or allow to the Person or Persons so exporting the same, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, a Drawback or Allowance of the Duty before paid for such Salt so exported; and if such Collector shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the same, the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland are hereby required and enjoined to pay the said Drawback or Allowance out of the Duty on Salt. > Mf

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Certificate or Debenture for cancelling or discharging any Bond or Security, or for obtaining any Drawback or Allowance of Duty, shall be made out upon the Exportation of any Salt, or Rock Salt, or upon the Receipt or Delivery of any Salt to be used or employed in curing and preserving Fish, until the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Exporter oc Exporters, of such Salt or Rock Salt, or one of them respectively, or his, her, or their known Agent, shall have verified upon Oath, before the proper Officer of Excise, that all the Salt, or Rock Salt, for which such Certificate or Debenture shall be required, has been duly and fairly exported to Parts beyond the Seas, or duly delivered into the Custody of the Fish Curer to whom the same was consigned, as the Case may be, which Oath such Officer of Excise is hereby authorized and empowered to administer.

until it shall have been verified on Oath, that it has been duly exported or delivered.

No Certificate or Deberti re for Repayment of Duty for Salt, or lor cancelling Bonds given in respect of Salt or Rock Salt exported to Ireland, Arc. shall be granted, until

If Salt or Rock Salt flapped for Exportation, fli;M be urt/hip-ped or put in any ofch.r Veflll in Great Britain, it shall be for-felted with the Vessel.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Certificate or Debenture for the Repayment of Duty for and in respect of Salt, or for cancelling or discharging any Bond or Security given in respect of Sale or Rock Salt exported to Ireland, or the Klands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Jlderney, or Man, shall be given or granted, until a Certificate shall be produced under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, Comptroller, and Surveyor of his Majesty's Customs, or any two of them, belonging to the Port in Ireland,\ or of the Isle of Man, or from the Register of Certificates, or other Chief Officer of the Customs in the said Ifiamte of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or Alderney, at which such Salt or Rock Salt respectively shall have been landed, certifying that such Salt or Rock Salt has been duly landed there.

a Certificate be produced of its being duly landed. L^f

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Salt or Rock Salt which shall be entered or shipped for Exportation, either (ree of Duty, or upon the low Duty to which Rock Salt for Exportation, is (ubjtsft and liable, or for the Purpose or with Intent to obtain the Drawback of any Duty, shall be unfhioned. unloaded, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain, (Shipwrec avoidable Accident excepted,) then and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the to be given by this Act>, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's Use, all the Salt or Rock Salt which shall be so unshipped, unloaded, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, together with the Package containing the same, and also the Ship or Vessel from or out of which, and the Ship or Vessel into which such Salt shall be taken or put, and the same receptively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

Bond directed

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 891

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Salt, or any other Person or Persons, shall have Occasion to fend or remove Coastwise, any Quantity of Salt received from any entered Salt Work, such Dealer or Dealers, Seller or Sellers, or other Person or Persons respectively, upon making Oath before the proper Officer of Excise of the Division or Place from whence the Salt is to be removed, (which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) that all the Salt so intended to be removed was received into his, her, or their Custody, with and under a legal Permit, and that he, she, or they believes or believe that the Duty for and in respetl of such Salt has been duly paid, or secured to be paid, and upon the Delivery of a Request Note, according to the Form by this Act directed, dial) be entitled to a Permit to accompany such Salt so to be removed or

sent Coastwise as aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel in or on board of which any Salt or Rock Salt shall be carried, or nansported, or conveyed, from one Port or Place in Great Britain to another Part thereof, shall, before he shall begin to unftiip or land any Part of the Salt or Rock Salt, in or on board of such Ship or Vessel, produce to and leave with the proper Officer of Excise, who shall be appointed or employed to receive the same, a true and authentic Permit, or true and authentic Permits, for such Salt or Rock Salt, and shall make Oath before such proper Officer of Excise, (which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, no Salt or Rock Salt hath been laid on board of, or put or taken into his Ship or Vessel since (he departed or (ailed from the Port or Place at which the Salt or Rock Salt mentioned in such Permit or Permits was shipped, and that he verily believes no Salt or Rock Salt whatsoever hath been laid on board, or put or taken into such Ship or Vessel, save and except such as is mentioned and specified in the Permit or Permits, then and at the Time of making such Oath produced to and left with such Officer as aforesaid., IT, J

If any Person make Oath that Salt intended to be removed was received into hit Custody with a Permit, he shall be entitled to a Permit to remove it Coastwise.

Masters of Vef-

fels conveying Salt or Rock Salt from one Place in Great Britain to another, shall, before landing it, leave with the Excise Officer a Permit for the same, and make Oath that he believes no other has been put on board.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, in or on board of which any Salt shall be so carried or conveyed from one Port or Place in Great Britain to another Part thereof, shall, when he shall be thereunto required by any Officer of Excise, cause all the Salt or Rock Salt intended to be unshipped or delivered, to be justly weighed out of such Ship or Vessel in the Presence of such Officer, who shall be permitted to take a true Account thereof; and if any such Master or Commander shall neglect or refuse to produce to and leave with such Officer as aforesaid, such Permit or Permits as beforementioned, or shall refuse or neglect to make such Oath as aforesaid, or to weigh out of his Ship or Vessel all the Salt or Rock Salt in and on board of the same, in the Presence of such Officer sis aforesaid, such Master or Commander shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds. for refilling to produce Permits, &c.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Master or other Person having Charge of any Flat# Masters before Barge, Boat, or other Vessel in which any Salt shall be laden, before he shall take or remove any Part of such Salt or Rock Salt out of such Flat, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, for the Purpose of laying or putting

«, a v* rs __ c __t ni. < 1% n __________lf_ it?. 1 flL _ 11_1

Such Masters when required by an Excise Officer, to cause the Salt or Rock Salt intended to be unshippedjto be weighed, and an Account to be taken. Penalty of tool

irtor on board of any amp, or of any other r lat, barge ?r Officer of Excise of the Port or Place where such Salt

one Vessel into another, a true and authentic Permit for such Salt or Rock Salt, and shall, if thereunto required by such Officer, weifch or cause all such Salt or Rock Salt to be weighed on such Removal as aforesaid, in the Presence of such Officer; and if any such Master or other Person shall refuse or neglect to produce such Permit or Certificate, or to weigh such Salt or Rock Salt when thereunto required as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Salt and Rock Salt which shall be brought or imported from Scotland into England, without a legal Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer of Excise in Scotland, testifying that all the Duties due and payable for or in respect of such Salt made or procured in Scotland have been duly paid, shall be forfeited, together with the Package containing the same, and also the Ships, Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, and the Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, and likewise the Horses and Cattle employed in importing or bringing, or removing or carrying the same, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any such Salt or Rock Salt shall be found, or who shall be concerned or employed in so importing or bringing, or removing or conveying the same, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds. Persons in whose Custody found/ftc.

No Salt or Rock Salt shall be removed from

in removing or bringing~the same \ and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or England by

"""" Land, on Pe-

they remove Salt or Rock Sail out of Flats, &c. to produce a Permit, and if required weigh stich Salt in Presence of ihc Officer, on Penalty of 100l.

Salt and Rock Salt imported from Scotland into England without Certificate of the Duties being paid, to be forfe.ted, with the Vessels, &c.

501. Penalty on

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Salt or Rock Salt shall be brought or removed from Scotland to England by Land, on Pain of forfeiting the same, together with the Package containing the same, and also the Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, and the Horses and Cattle used or employed

I

Salt so brought or removed, the Sum of forty Shillings, or the Sum of one hundred Pounds, at the Election his Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue so

the, same

JY

naliy of Forfeiture, with the Waggons, lx. Penalty on Persons concerned in bringing it.

Anrfo tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

892

C. 89.

A.D. 1798.

Matters of Vef-

sch importing Salt or Rock Salt from Scotland into England, (h ill, before unshipping it, leave with the Officer of Excise a Certificate that the Dyties have been paid, and make Oath that it is the identical Salt mentioned therein, and that no other has been pot on board, and shall pay the Duty, &c. on Penalty of 1001. and Forfeiture of the Salt and VeflVl.

A Drawback of the Duties to be allowed on British Salt used in making Oxiginated Muriatic Acid for bleaching Linen, under certain Provisos.s.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel in which any Salt or Rock Salt shall be brought or imported from Scotland into England, shall, immediately on his Arrival at the Port or Place to which such Salt or Rock Salt is consigned, and before he shall presume to unffiip, unlade, or land any Part of such Salt or Rock Salt, produce to and leave with the proper Collector or Officer of Excise of such Port or Place as aforesaid, a legal Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer of Excise in Scotland, testifying that all the Duties by this Act imposed for and in respect of such Salt and Rock Salt, made, or raised or taken from any Mine or Pit in Scotlandhave been duly paid, and such Master and Commander as aforesaid shall make Oath before such Collector or Officer of Excise as aforesaid, (which Oath such Collector or Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) that such Salt and Rock Salt, intended to be unshipped or landed at such Port or Place, is the identical Salt or Rock Salt mentioned in such Certificate as aforesaid, and that no other Salt or Rock Salt has, to his Knowledge or Belief, been put or laden on board of his Ship or Vessel, since the Salt or Rock Salt mentioned in such Certificate as aforesaid was first put on board, and shall satisfy and pay to the said Collector or Officer of Excise, all the Duty by this Act imposed on Salt and Rock Salt brought from Scotland into England, with such Certificate as aforesaid, and shall forthwith weigh, unffiip, and deliver all such Salt or Rock Salt in the Presence of such Collector or Officer as aforesaid; and if such Master or Commander as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to produce to attd( leave with such Collector or Officer of Excise such Certificate as aforesaid, or to make such Oath as aforesaid, or to pay and satisfy the Duty in the Manner hereinbefore directed, or shall neglect or refuse to weigh, unffiip, and deliver all such Salt and Rock Salt in the Presence of such Collector or Officer as aforesaid, every such Master or Commander shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with all the Salt and Rock Salt so brought and imported as aforesaid, together with the Packages containing the same, and also the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be brought or imported as aforesaid, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise.

LXXXIX. And whereas Salt is an essential Ingredient in preparing and making Oxiginated Muriatic Acid, which is commonly made use of in the bleaching of Linen and Cotton: And whereas the gramirtj

if

e the Manufacture of Linens and Cottons in this

y _ _ ig

an Allowance or Drawback of the Duties now payable on British Salt, for such Salt as shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in the preparing and making of such Oxiginated Muriatic Acid for the

Purpose aforesaid, will greatly promote and encourag Kingdom Be it therefore enacted, That the whole D

uties now payable on Salt of English Manufacture, shall be drawn back and allowed for all Salt of English Manufacture whiclv shall be t/fed, employed, spent, and consumed in making any such Oxiginated Muriatic Acid in England, and also that the whole Duties now payable on Salt of the Manufacture of Scotland, shall be drawn back and allowed for all Salt which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in making any such Oxiginated Muriatic Acid as aforesaid in Scotland, upon the Production of such Certificate as is herein after provided and directed: Provided always, That no such Drawback or Allowance shall be granted for any more or other Salt than shall be actually mixed and mingled with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese, and Water, in the Pretence of the proper Officer of Excise, and in the Proportion of at least twenty Pounds Weight of Vitriolic A«’d, twenty Pounds Weight of Manganese, and ten Pounds Weight of Water to every fifty-six Pounds Weight of Salt \ nor shall any such Drawback or Allowance be granted to any Person not being an actual Bleacher of Linen or Cotton, nor unless every such Bleacher, intending to claim such Drawback or Allowance, shall make due Entry in Writing of every Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, and other Place, by him, her, or them respectively intended to be made use of, in or for the preparing or making such Oxiginated Muriatic Acid as aforesaid, at the Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits whereof such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, or other Place respectively shall be situate: Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, from Time to Time, and at all Limes, by Day or Night, upon his or their Request, to enter into and upon all and every the Work-houses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, and other Places, respectively made use of by any such Bleacher or Bleachers for the making of Oxiginated Muriatic Acid, and by weighing, gauging, or otherwiseto take Account of all Salt which shall at any Time be therein, and of the State of Operation and Manufacture of such Oxiginated Muriatic Acid.

XC. And be it further enacted, That no Officer or Officers of Excise shall at any Time be obliged to attend the Mixture of any such Salt and other Ingredients, at any such Bleachers as aforesaid, oftener than once in every seven Days, nor ffiail any such Officer or Officers be obliged to attend the Mixture of any such Salt and other Ingredients, except he shall previously receive due Notice in Writing from such Bleacher by the Space of forty-eight Hours, specifying the particular Day and Hour when such Mixture is to be made, and the Quantity of Salt intended to be mixed and mingled; and if such Bleacher shall not actually begin to mix and mingle all such Salt and other Materials and ingredients as aforesaid, as he or she shall at any Time intend to mix and mingle for any particular Operation of Oxiginated Muriatic Acid, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, and -within such Half an Hour alter such Officer shall attend in pursuance of any such Notice as aforesaid, such Notice shall be null and void, and no such Officer shall be obliged to attend again without a fresh and like Notice in Writing as aforesaid#

Officer not to be

Oblig d to it tend the Mixture of Salt at Bleaching Grounds oftener than once in seven Days, nor unless he receive previous Notice tcz.

If the Bleacher that! not mix Materials within Half an Hour after the Officer attends, the Notice shall be void.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 893

XCI. And be it further enacted, That upon such Officer’s attending and seeing any Quantity of Salt, not less than &ne Bushel, mixed and mingled in the Manner aforesaid, and upon receiving or having received an authentic Permit for such Salt, and being satisfied that the full Duties for all the Salt so mixed and mingled have been duly paid, he shall give and grant to the Bleachers, entitled to receive the same, a Certificate specifying the Quantity of Salt io mixed, mingled, used, ^nd employed as aforesaid, and upon such Bleachers producing to the proper Collector of Excise such Certificate, and making Oath before such Calle&or, (which Oath such Collector is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) that all the Salt mentioned til such Certificate has been duly and bona fide used, employed, spent, and consumed, in making such Oxiginated Muriatic Acid as aforesaid, for the sole Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cotton, and that he or she verily believes all the Duties due and payable for Salt have been paid for all such Salt so used, employed, spent, and consumed, as aforesaid, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been obtained or received for or in respect of such Salt, the said Collector or the Commissioners of Excise shall thereupon pay or allow to such Bleacher as aforesaid, out of any Money in his or their Hands arising by the Duty on Salt, the Amount of the Duty paid for the Salt specified in such Certificate, deducing at the Rate of seven and an Half per Centum, in consequence of the Increase in the Weight of the Salt, by the Moisture of the Air. j.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall intend to receive any Salt into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, free of Duty, for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish, shall, before be, (hr, or they shall be permitted to receive any such Salt free of Duty, make Entry in Writing, at the next Office of Excise, of nis, her, or their Name or Names, and Place of Abode, and of the Number and Situation of his, her, or their Warehouse or Warehouses. or Storehouse or Storehouses, for storing and keeping Salt; and no Person or Persons shall be allowed or permitted to receive into his, her, or their Custody or Po(F ffion any such Salt free of Duty, before he, she, or they shall have made such Entry in Writing as aforesaid, nor until he, she, or they shall have provided a good and secure Ware-house or Storehouse, or good and secure Warehouses or Storehouses, for storing or keeping such Salt as aforesaid: Provided always nevertheless,' That no such Warehouse or Storehouse shall be deemed or taken to be a secure Warehouse or Storehouse within the Meaning of this Act* unless the same shall be approved of in Writing, by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise of the Division or District in which such Warehouse or Storehouse (hd) be situate; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XCIII. And whereas many Inhabitants of certain Parts of the Coast of this Kingdom, which are

n seeing not less than a Bushel of Salt mixed, and receiving a Permit for the Salt, to gram a Certificate to the Bleacher, which, 0:1 Production to the Collector uf Excite, and Oath, as to certain Particulars,

shall entitle him to an Allowance of the Duty, deducting 7^ per Cent.

Before any Person shall receive Sait Ditty free for curing lie shall make Entry of his Name, Abode, and Warehouse.

Warehouse to be approved of by the Surveyor or Supervisor of the Did rift.

thinly inhabited, are employed in the taking and salting of Herrings, and being unable to provide them-

selves with proper Cellars or Warehouses for the keeping of Salt, and at the same Time depending on the said Fishery for their Subsistence, have been heretofore allowed to receive i/ito their Custody Salt delivered

Duty free, for the Cure of Fish be it enacted, That it Oiall he lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the major Part of them for the Time bcii.g, by special Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, upon such Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as they shall judge expedient, to authorize the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, to permit Salt to be delivered free of Duty for the curing and preserving of Fish, to any Person or Persons intending to take and to salt Fish, and residing at any Place or Places, the Inhabitants whereof, although not provided with such Cellars or Warehouses as ufore-said, have usually been, before the passing of this Act, allowed to receive Salt for the Purposes aforesaid into their Custody, although such Person or Persons may not be provided with such Cellars, Warehouses, or Storehouses, or have made such Entry thereof as is required by this Act.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Fifti Curer or Fish Curers, and all and every other Person or Persons whatfnever, before he, she, or they shall be allowed or permitted to receive into his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Salt free of Duty, for the Purpose of curing or preserving Fish, shall give Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in treble the Value of the Duty of all the Salt which he, she, or they shall have received, or had in his, her, or their Custody or Possession by the Space of one Year immediately preceding the Time of giving such Bond or Security, or in case such Fish Curer shall not have had any Salt in his Custody for the Purpose of curing P'ilh in the Year immediately

__it .1 r.tr.ru (' — c'______ n, .11 u.» \r,\ c

preceding, then such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall give the like Bond or Security in treole the Value of the Duty of all the Salt he, she, or they shall declare to be his, her, or their Intention to receive within one

_ 1/* i* 1 r t' c 1 c 1 n i o 1 o - cue 1

The T re a Airy may authorize the Commissioners of Excise to permit Salt to be delivered Duty free for curing Fish to Persons not having Warehouse, who have been heretofore allowed to receive it*

y, or in the Sum of fifty Pounds, Persons who shall be appointed or

Before receiving Sal: Duty free for curing Fish, Bond to be given that it shall be so used, and that in May yearly an Account of the Quantity received and used (lull.be delivered to the Officer of Excise, &0.

shall be employed, used, or disposed of in any other Manner or Way, and also that he, she, or they will duly and regularly, once in every Year, that is to say, in the Month of May in every Year respectively, delivefto the proper Officer of Excise, whose Duty it shall be to receive the same, a true and particular

v Account,

8g4-

C. 89.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Tifh Curm to verify their Accounts on Oath, en Penalty of treble tire Value of the Salt received within 12 Months.

Bonds to be renewed on Delivery of such Accounts, on Penalty of forfeiture of the Salt in Pofll ifion.

Before Salt from any Salt Work shall be delivered to any Curer, he shall give Notice to the Officer of Excise, to fee it weighed and warehoused, who shall gram him a Certificate, specifying the Quantity,

&c.

Penalty for fell, ing or giving away, or tiling for any other Purpose, Salt delivered Duty firte for curing

Fish.

received Duty free for curing Fish, may be delivered to other Fish Curers on Notice to tire Officers of Excise*

Account, specifying the exa£l and true Quantity of Salt which he, she, or they shall have had or received into his, her, or their Custody or Possession free of Duty during such Year, the true Quantity of such Salt actually employed or consumed by him, her, or them, in curing and preserving Fish, and the true and just Quantity of every distinct Kind and Species of Fish respectively by him, her, or them cured and preserved with such Salt, and likewise the true Quantity of Salt delivered over to each and every other Fish Curer or Fish Curers, with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom such Salt was delivered, and the particular Time or Times when the same was so delivered to each and every of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, and that he, she, or they will produce to and weigh in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, all the Salt he, she, or they shall have in his, her, or their Custody at the Time of making out and delivering to such Officer such Account as aforesaid.

XUVY And be it further enacted, That all and every Fish Curer and Fish Curers, and all and every other Person or Persons who shall receive into his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Salt free of Duty, for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish, shall verify such Account to be by him, her, or them made out as aforesaid, on Oath before the Officer of Excise whole Duty it shall be to receive the same, which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to administer accordingly; and if any such Fish Curer or other Person or Persons as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to veiify the same, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit treble the Value of all the Salt delivered into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, within twelve Months last preceding the Time when such Account as aforesaid shall or ought to have been made out and delivered as aforesaid.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That the Bond or Security directed by this Act to be given, by all and every Fish Curer, and all and every other Person or Persons who shall receive into his, her, or thdr Custody or Possession, any Salt free of Duty, for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish, shall be renewed at ejeh and every Time that such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, or such oth*r Person or Persons as shall have or ought to have delivered to the proper Officer of Excise such Account as he, she, or they is or are directed by this Act to make out and deliver; and if any Fish Curer or Fish Curers, or other Person or Persons, shall neglect or refuse to renew such Bond or Security as aforesaid, at such Times as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit all the Salt in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, and the same, together with the Package containing the same, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That before any Salt sent or brought from any Salt Work or Salt Works shall be delivered into the Custody or Possession of any Fish Curer or Fish Curers, such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall give two Days Notice to the proper Officer of Excise to attend and fee the same weighed and delivered, and shall weigh and deposit the same in his, her, or their entered Warehouse or Storehouse, or Warehouses or Storehouses, in the Presence of such Officer of Excise, who, when and so soon as he shall be satisfied that all and every Part of the Salt originally brought, sent, or consigned from the Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to or for such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, shall be, or is actually delivered into his, her, or their entered Warehouse or Storehouse, Warehouses or Storehouses, shall give and grant to such Fish Curer or Fish Curers ref|>eclively as aforesaid, a Certificate under his ITand, specifying the Quantity of such Salt received into the Custody or Possession of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, the Day on which the same was so received, the Name or Names, and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons to whom delivered, and the Name of the Person from whom brought or sent, and also the Number and Date of the Permit with which such Salt was accompanied.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Fish Curer or Fish Curers, or other Person or Persons into whose Custody or Possession any Salt shall be delivered, free of Duty, for the Purple of curing or preserving Fish, shall fell, deliver, or give away, any such Salt, except to some other known an; entered Fish Curer or Fish Curers, under, subject, and according to the Directions of this Act, and that for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish, or shall use, confuine, or employ any such Salt for any Purpose, except for the curing and preserving Fish, or shall suffer or cause any such Sait to be so fold, delivered, given away, used, consumed, or employed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, and other Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings for every Pound Weight of Salt so folJ, deiiveied, given away, or used, consumed, or employed as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and A'leaning of this Act, or the Sum of one hundred Pounds, at the Election of his Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and in Default of paying such Penalty, such Fish Curer and Fish Curers, and other Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, shall be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding six Months.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Fish Curer or Fish Curers, who, under and according to the Directions contained in this Act, shall have received into his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Salt free of Duty, for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish, to deliver any Part thereof into the Custody or Possession of any other known and entered P'ifh Curer, provided Notice thereof be given in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise of the Division or Place from which the Salt shall be sent, within forty-eight Hours next after such Salt shall be so delivered, (jpecifying

5 40

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 895

in such Notice the Day when such Salt was delivered, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Fish Carers, from whom and to whom the same shall be delivered, and that such Notice be signed by such Fish

C. And be it further enacted, That every such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, to or for whom any Salt shall

Curers so delivering and receiving such Salt.

That every

with all Salt which shall be so delivered as aforesaid; and if any Dispute shall arise whether any such Salt shall have been delivered into the Custody or Possession of the Fish Curer to whom the same may or shall be alledged to be so delivered, the Proof of the due Delivery of such Salt shall lie on the Fish Curer or Fish Curers fending or delivering the same.

CI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Perform by whom any Permit or Permits which shall be granted in pursuance of this Act shall have been received, and in whose Possession any such Permit or Permits shall at any Time be, shall, upon Demand thereof made by any Officer or Officers of Excise, after the Time limited in or by such Permit or Permits for the Removal of any Salt or Roclc Salt cified therein shall be expired, deliver such Permit or Permits to the Officer or Officers of Excise who

Quantities and Species of all the Fish which shall be so produced to him, and proper Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, and such Fish Curer or

ill demand such Uclivery thereof *, and it any lucn rerlon or rerlons mail neglect or refule to deliver any :h Permit or Permits to any Officer or Officers of Excise who shall demand such Delivery thereof, the Person or Persons (o offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

CII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, to forbear, if they shall see Cause so to do, to put in Suit any Bond by this Act directed to be given or entered into, upon such Terms and Conditions as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet. J \ -

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Fish Curer and Fish Curers shall produce to the proper'Officer of Excise, well and perfectly cured, all such Fish which he, she, or they shall have cured, *and for which he, she, or they shall intend to take Credit in his, her, or their Account, directed by this Adf to be made out and delivered to the proper Officer of Excise yearly; and such Officer shall, upon such Fish being so produced to him as aforesaid* take an exactc and particular Account, by Tale, Gauge, Weight, or otherwise, of thefibK^j J 0 r T*’/1 If1" A 1 L‘ J J

shall enter such Account in a,

Fish Curers, if the Fish produced be dried or unpacked Cod, Ling, or Hake, shall immediately, and in the Presence and to the Satisfaction of such Officer, punch one Hole in and through the Tail of each Fish, but if the Fish produced be Herrings or Pilchards, or wet Fish, or other Fish packed in Barrels or Casks, then such Officer shall bum or brand each of such Barrels or Casks in some conspicuous Part thereof with the Letters B. F-; and all and every such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, before any such Barrels or Casks containing any Fish so cured as aforesaid, shall be produced to such Officer as aforesaid, shall burn or brand with Iron on every such Barrel or Cask of Fish, in large, legible, conspicuous, and permanent Characters, his, her, or their Name or Names, and the Date of the Year when the same shall be produced to such Officer; and if any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall produce any such Fish in Barrels or Casks not so marked with his, her, or their Name or Names as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to punch one Hole in the Tail of every such Fish as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit all the Fish so produced, which shall or may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

T] Fish not marked

CIV. And be it further enacted, That no Fish Curer or Fish Curers, to whom any Salt shall be delivered for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish, shall have Credit for, or be allowed more or a greater Quantity of Salt for curing and preserving Fish, than at and after the following Rates and Proportions; (that is to say,) '. 1 \

For every Hundred Weight of dried Cod, Ling, or Hake, fifty Pounds Weight of Salt, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons of wet Cod, Ling, or Hake, fifty-six Pounds Weight of Salt, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Barrel containing forty-two Gallons of

Fish Curers receiving.SaJtfrom

other Fish Curers, to l>c charged with alj fodelivt red, dec.

Permits after their Expiration, to be delivered to the Officer of Excite on Demand, on Penalty of 50l.

m

proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

Salmon, thirty-six Pounds Weight of Salt, and so

or every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons of White Herrings, one hundred and forty Pounds Weight of Salt, and so in proportion, for any greater or less Quantity: N. t

For every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons of full Red Herrings, sixty-five Pounds Weight of Salt, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity: x

For every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons of clean fh^tten Red Herrings, fifty-six Pounds Weight of Salt, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Last, confiding of ten thousand dried Red Sprats, twenty-five Pounds Weight of Salt, and so iiir proportion for any greater or less Quantity‘

; I For

Commissioners of Excise may forbear to put. Bonds in Suit.

Fish Curer to produce to the Officer all cured Fish for which he intends to-take Credit in his Account, who shall take an Account thereof, and which Fish shall be marked in his Presence, or, if in Barrels, he shall brand the same.

Names, £c, of Fish Curers to branded on Barrels.

Fish produced* in Barrels not so branded, or, to be forfeited.

Salt for curing Fish to be allowed at the Rates following»

Fordritd Cod, Src. 50 lb. per

Cwt*:

For wet Cod,.

&0. 561b; for Salmon,.

361b. j

for White Her* rings, 140 lb.;

for full Redfterw rings, 651b. j and for shottcn ones, 56 ib. per Barw

rrl s.

for Rod Sprats, 15 kb* ptr La A

896

For Pilchards or Scads, a 80 lb -t and for Mackard, 841b. per Calk.

If on taking an Account of Stock of salt a Deficiency shall he found, the Fish Curer to forfeit 12 s. per Uufhcl, one-fix th Part to the Officer and five sixths to his Majesty.

Treasury may

authorize the Commissioners of Excise to permit foul Sait to be sold for manuring Land in Places where le has been so allowed.

Penalty for felling, &c. foul Salt for any other Purpose than manuring Land, or Salt not fculfoi that Purpose,

Bonds taken for Salt for curing F fn, and Certificates, not subject to Stamp Duty,

Persons legally entitled to Ling, See British taken, or Hecf or Pork faired in Great Britain, nay export the same:

Previous Notice of Intention fc to export to be gi en to the Officer of the Port, who fiiali lake

C. 89. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Far cverv Cask or Vessel, containing fifty Gallons of Pilchards or Scads, two hundred and eighty Pounds Weight of Salt, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity; 1 a

For every Cask or Vesse!, containing thirty-two Gallons of Mackarel, eighty-four Pounds Weight of Salt, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity. - j

CV. And be it further enacted, That if on weighing, taking Account of, and balancing the Stock of Salt in the Custody or Possession of any entered Kilh Curer or Fish Curers, in the Month of May as directed by this Act, there shall appear to be any Salt deficient in the Quantity which such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall have received or had in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, free of Duty, in the Year last preceding, making an Allowance for the whole Quantity of Salt which such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall have legally and truly delivered into the Custody or Possession of any other F.ifh Curers, in the Course of such last preceding Year and also making an Allowance, at and after the Rates and Proportions hereinbefore specified, for the Salt employed and consumed by such Fish Curer or Fish Curers in such last preceding Year, in curing and preserving the Fish cured, preserved, and produced within such Year to the proper Officer, then and in such Case all the Salt so deficient shall be deemed and taken to be Salt illegally disposed of, or misapplied by such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, and such F ifh Curer and Fish Curers shalf, for every Bushel of Salt so found deficient as aforesaid, forfeit and lofc the Sum of twelve Shillings, which shall be paid and applied by the Commissioners of Excise in Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) five sixth Parts thereof to the (Jfe of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the remaining sixth Part thereof to the Use of the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall difeoter such Deficiency.

CVI. And whereas it sometimes happens that Part of the Salt employed in curing Fifn, after having been repeatedly applied to the Fish, becomes so foul as to be entirely unfit for that Purpose, which Salt hath heretofore in certain Places and under certain Restrictions, been used in the manuring of Land / be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, by special Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, upon such Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to, such Rules, Regulations, and Re-ftridions, as they shall judge expedient, to authorize the Commissioners of Excise to permit any entered Fish Curers residing at Places where, immediately before the passing of this Act, foul Fiftiery Salt was allowed to be sold for manuring Land, to fell such of their Fishery Salt for the sole Purpose of manuring Land, as, from having been repeatedly applied to and used in the salting or curing of Fish, shall have become so foul and impure, as to be utterly unfit to be again used in or applied to the Purpose of salting or curing Fish: Provided always, That if any Person, whether a Fish Curer or not, shall be convicted before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where the Offence shall or may be committed, of wilfully and knowingly felling, disposing of, or using any such foul Fishery Salt, or of fuftering any such foul Fishery Salt to be sold, disposed of, or used for any other Purpose than that of manuiing Land, or of felling or disposing of or using any Salt for the Purpose of manuring Land, except such Salt as, by such repeated Use and Application as aforesaid, shall have become so foul, dirty, and impure, as to be totally unfit to be used or employed in salting or curing Fish, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall for ever afterwards beex-cludeiTfrom the Privilege or Benefit of felling or using any foul Fishery Salt for manuring Land; any T hing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding., > WgflH

CVII. And be it further enacted, That no Bond or Security given cr taken for Salt, to be used or employed in curing and preserving Fish, nor any Certificate made out in relation to any such Salt so to be used or employed in curing and preserving Fish, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duties; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Fish Curer or Fish Curers, or any other Person or Persons who shall be legally entitled to any dried or wet Ling, CoJ, or Hake, or Salmon, or White Herrings, or full Red Herrings, or clean thotten Red Herrings, or dried ReJ Sprats, or Pilchards, or Scads respectively, which shall be British taken, to export, from any lawful Quays and in lawful Hours, any such Fish as aforesaid to any Parts beyond the Seas, by Way of Merchandize, upon the Terms and according to the Directions herein after mentioned; and also to and for any Person or Persons who shall be legally entitled to any Beef or Pork salted in England with Salt, for or in respect of which the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been paid, or who shall be legally entitled to any Beef or Pork salted in Scotland wholly with Foreign Salt, for or in respect of which the Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid, to export such Beef or Pork from tny lawful Quays in England or Scotland respectively, to any Parts beyond the Seas, upon the Terms and according to the Directions

herein after mentioned. Jr

CIX. And be it further enacted, That^be Person or Persons so intending to export any such Fish, Beef, or Pork as aforesaid, shall give six Hours Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of shipping such Fish, Beef, or Pork respectively, to the proper Officer of Excise of the Port or Place where such Fish, Beef, or Pork respectively shall be intended to be shipped, who shall thereupon attend, and by Tale, Weight,

l 6 * 1 - or

Anno tricesimo octavo Georg ii III.

A.D. 1798.

C. 89. 897

on Account (hereof, and fee the same shipped, 4c.

Exporters before shipping to give Bond that the Articles shall be duly exported, and to make Oath to certain

Particulars.

or Gauge, take an Account of the Quantity, and Kind or Species of the Fish, and also of the Beef or Pork so intended to be shipped, and shall fee the same shipped or put on Ship Board accordingly; and the Exporter or Exporters of such Fish, Beef, or Pork, shall weigh or otherwise assist such Officer in such Manner as to such Officer shall seem most expedient, in taking Account of and ascertaining the Quantity,

Quality, and Species of such Fish, Beef, or Pork respectively, and shall ship the same in the Presence of such Officer; and the Exporter or Exporters of such Fish, Beef, or Pork shall, before the Shipping thereof, give sufficient Bond and Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons to be by them appointed or employed for that Purpose, in treble the Value of such Fish, Beef, or Pork, that all and every Part of such Fish, Beef, or Pork respectively, so intended to be exported, shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies only excepted) be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and shall not he unshipped or laid on Land, or put on board any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted); and the Exporter shall declare, upon Oath, before the proper Officer of Excise of the said Port or Place, (which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) the Quantity, and Kind or Species of Fish intended to be exported, and that the same, and every Part thereof, is well and perfectly cured, and also well and fairly packed, and in good and merchantable Condition, and that no Part thereof is for the Ship’s Use, and that he believes the said Fish was British) taken; or if it be Beef or Pork intended to be exported from England, then such Exporter shall declare, upon Oath as aforesaid, that he believes the same was faked with Salt for or in respect of which the Duty by this Act imposed has been paid, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been claimed for or in respect of such Salt, and that no Part of such Beef or Pork is for the Ship’s Use; or if it be Beef or Pork intended to be exported from Scotland\ then such Exporter shall declare, upon Oath as aforesaid, that he believes the same was faked with Foreign Salt, (without any Mixture of British) or Irish Salt,) for or in respect of which all the Duties by this or any orher Act imposed has been paid, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been claimed for or in respect of such Salt, and that no Part of such Beef or Pork is for the Ship’s Use; and the said Officer of Excise being satisfied of the Truth of such Oath or Oaths, and that all the Fish, Beef, or Pork respectively has been duly and fairly shipped and exported, shall, within one Month after the Exportation thereof, give to the Exporter, or his or her Chief Clerk or Manager, a Debenture, expressing the Quantities and Species or Kind of such Fish, Beef, or Pork respectively as aforesaid, and that the same was well packed and shipped in a good and merchantable State and Condition, and also that Bond or Security had been given, before the shipping thereof, for the due Exportation of such Fish, Beef, or Pork respectively, and such Debenture being produced to the Collector of Excise of the Port or Place from whence such Fish, Beef, or Pork was exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow to the Person or Persons so exporting the same, or his, her, or their Agents, the Bounty by this Act granted upon the Exportation of such Fish, Beef, or Pork respectively, and if such Collector shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pav the same, the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland are hereby required and enjoined to pay the said Bounty out of the Duty on Salt.

CX. And be it further enacted, That no Certificate or Debenture for cancelling or discharging any Bond or Security given for the due Exportation of any Fish, Beef, or Pork, or for obtaining the Bounty by this Act given or granted, shall be made out upon the Exportation of any Fish, Beef, or Pork, until the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors of such Fish, Beef, or Pork, or one of them respectively,

shall have verified upon Oath before the proper Officer of Excise (which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to administer) that alf the Fish, Beef, or Pork, for which such Certificate or Debenture shall be required, has been duly and fairly exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and not relanded in any Part of Great Britain.

having been exporcedi

CXI. And be it further enacted, That the Exporter, Owner, or Proprietor of any dried Cod, Ling, or On presenting Hake, which shall be prefemed to any Officer or Officers of Excise for Exportation, with Intent to obtain, dncd c°d>&c* or for the Purpose of obtaining, the Bounty by this Act granted on the Exportation of such dried Cod, foVobtai^ne Ling, or Hake, shall, in the Presence, and to the Satisfaction of such Officer, punch ajecond Hole in Bounty, a fc.

cond Hole to be punched through the Tail, and no Bounty to be paid for any that has not one Hole when presented.

Officer to brand

Officer to glvfc the Exporter a Debenture, expressing the Quantity, &c. which, on Production to the Collector of the Port, shall entitle the Exporter to Bounty.

No Certificate or Debenture for cancelling Bonds for Exportation of Fish, &c. or obtaining Bounty, shall be made out till after Oarh of their

and through the Tail of every such Cod, Ling, or Hake, and that no Bounty whatever shall be paid or allowed for or in respect of any such dried Cod, Ling, or Hake, which shall not, at any "l ime when so presented to such Officer as aforesaid, have one Hole, and not more than one Hole, punched in and through the Tail of each and every such Cod, Ling, or Hake, or of which any Part of the Tail shall have been cut off, save and except by punching out one Hole as aforesaid.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That when any Beef, Pork, or Fish, packed in Casks or Barrels, shall be presented to any Officer or Officers of Excise for Exportation, with Intent to obtain, or for the Purpose of obtaining the Bounty by this Act granted on the Exportation of such Beef, Pork, or Fish, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers of Excise, and he or they is and are hereby required and enjoined, before the shipping of any such Beef, Pork, or Fish, so packed as aforesaid, to brand, burn, or mark, every Cask or Barrel thereof in such Manner, and with such Mark or Device as the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall direct and appoint,

38 G’eo. Ill, 5 Z CXIII. And

Caflcs containing Beef, &c.

for which Bounty is

claimed, before (hipt for Exportation,

8g®

No Certifierte or Dehentute for obtaining Bounty upon

Fish, 8c

ported to Ireland, ice. to be made out until a Certificate be produced of their having been

If Fish, &c. entered for Exportation, be unshipt in Great Britain, they shall be forfeited, with the Vessel.

Justices at the Quarter Sefii-ons, or the Commissioners of Excise, may receive Applica tion§ respe fling Salt or Rock Salt loft through Strefi. of Weather, & c. and grant Relief.

Bonds to remain in force as to Salt and Rock Salt not proved to have been actually loft.

No Application for Relief to be sustained unless Notice be given to the Excise within a Month after the Accident, specifying when it happened) &c.

C. 89. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Certificate or Debenture for obtaining any Bounty for any Fish, Beef, cr Pork exported, shall be made out or granted upon the Exportation of any such Fish, Beef, or Pork, to Ireland, or to the Islands of GuernfeJersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, until a Certificate shall be produced under the stands and Seals of the Collector, Comptroller, and Surveyor of his Majesty's Customs, or any two of them, belonging to the Port in Ireland, or the ljle of Man, or from the Register of Certificates or other Chief Officer of the Customs in the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or Alderney, at which such Fish, Beef, or Pork respectively, shall have been landed, certilying that such Fish, Beef, or Pork, has been duly landed there., ~ fhZsK

landed there., JJ j'^i,

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Fish, Beef, or Pork, which shall be entered or shipped for Exportation, for the Purpose, or with the Intent to obtain any Bounty by this Act granted, shall be unshipped, unloaded, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain, (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted,} then and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's Use, all the Fish, Beef, and Pork, which shall be so unshipped, unladen, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same, and also the Ship or Vessel from or out of which, and the Ship or Vessel into which such Fish, Beef, or Pork as aforesaid, shall be taken or put, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise. / " k 16 f HL j

CXV. And whereas it may sometimes happen that Salt and Rock Salt may be lost or destroyed

‘ through Stress of Weather and Storms at Sea, or by the cactingaway, sinking, or stranding of the Flat,

6 Boat, Barge, or Vessel, in which the same may be transporting from one Place to another;* be it therefore enacted, That in case any Salt, or Rock Salt, for which the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been paid, or which shall have been delivered upon Bond free of those Duties, shall be lost or destroyed through Stress of Weather or Storms at Sea, or by the accidental or unavoidable casting away, sinking, or stranding of any Flat, Boat, Barge, or Vessel, in or on board of which any such Salt, or Rock Salt, shall be removing or transporting from one Place to another, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner, Proprietor, or Shipper of such Salt, or Rock Salt, to make Application in Writing for Relief to his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Shire, nearest to which any such Accident mail happen, at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or to the Commissioners of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or any three of the said Commissioners, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, or Commissioners of Excise, or any three of such Commissioners respectively, to receive and admit such Application, and to examine all Parties touching the Matter contained therein, and upon due Proof of the Facf by two or more credible Witnesses, one of whom shall be the Master or Mate of such Flat, Boat, Barge, or Vessel, if such Master or Mate be living at the Time, such Justice or Commissioners respectively are hereby authorized and required to grant their Warrant, directed to the proper Collector of Excise, authorizing and requiring him, in case the Salt, or Rock Salt, lost or destroyed shall be proved to be Salt, or Rock Salt, for which the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been paid, to allow to the Maker or Proprietor of such Salt, or Rock Salt, out of the Duties on Salt which shall next become due and payable from such Maker or Proprietor, the full Amount of the Duties proved to have been paid for such Salt, or Rock Salt, which shall be so proved to have been so lost or destroyed as aforesaid; and if the Salt, or Rock Salt, which shall be proved to have been so lost or destroyed as aforesaid shall be Salt, or Rock Salt, which shall have been delivered upon Bond free of Duty, or Rock Salt which shall have been delivered upon Bond for Exportation upon the low Duty to which such Rock Salt for Exportation is liable, then and in every such Case the said justices of the Peace or Commissioners respectively shall, as to such Salt, or Rock Salt, so lost or destroyed, grant their Warrant, authorizing and requiring such Collector of Excise as aforesaid to cancel or vacate the Bond which shall have been given at and for the Delivery or Shipping of the Salt, or Rock Salt, which shall be proved to have been so lost or destroyed: Provided always, That such Bond shall be and remain in full Force and Effect as to all the Salt and Rock Salt to which the same shall relate, which shall not be so proved to have been actually loll or destroyed, and which shall not be particularly specified and mentioned in the Warrant of the Justices of the Peace or Commissioners of Excise as aforesaid: Provided also, That no such Application for Relief as aforesaid shall be sustained or proceeded upon, or any Warrant granted, unless the Proprietor or Shipper of any Salt, or Rock Salt, which may be so lost or destroyed as aforesaid, or some Person on his, her, or their Behalf, shall give Notice in Writing to the Commissioners of Excise at the Chief Office in London, or to the Collector of Excise of the Collection nearest to where the Accident may happen, within one Month after such Accident shall have happened, nor unless it shall be specified in such Notice when and where the Loss shall have happened, and by what Accident it shall have been occasioned, nor unless the Names and Places of Abode of the Makej or Refiner, and of the Proprietor or Shipper of the Salt, or Rock Salt, the Time when, and Place where the same was shipped, and the Place to which the same was consigned or intended to be removed, and also the Quantity of Salt, or Rock Salt, actually shipped, shall be specified in such Notice, and also whether it was Salt for which the Duty had been paid, or which had

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89.

*99

been delivered on Bond, and the Names of the Flat, Boat, Barge, or Vessel in which the same was shipped, and of the M after or Commander thereof: Provided also, That no such Applications shall be sustained or proceeded upon, nor shall any such Warrant be granted, unless it shall appear upon the Face of the Application, and be proved upon Oath, that the Storm or Accident, by which the Loss of the Salt, or Rock Salt, was occasioned, happened within six Months immediately preceding, nor unless Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of hearing and determining the Matter shall be given to the Commissioners of Ex-cife, if the Matter of such Application be to be heard in Londont or to the Collector of Excise of the Collection nearest to where the Quarter Sessions shall be held, if the Matter-of such Application be to be heard in the Country, atleaft six Days before the Day appointed for such Hearing.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Glass, in Great Britain, to take Rock Salt from any Warehouse belonging and adjoining to any Salt Mine or Pit, or to take any Brine or Sea Water for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, upon Bond or Security being given in double the Duty on such Rock Salt, Brine, or SeaWater, that all such Rock Salt, Brine, and Sea Water, shall be really and truly employed, spent, and consumed, in the making of Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass; such Bond or Security to be discharged upon the Proprietor or Manufacturer, or his Agent, making Oath before the Collector of Excise of the Collection in which the Alkali Works shall be situated, (which Oath such Collectcr is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) that all the said Rock Salt, Brine, or Sea Water, for which such Bond or Security was given, was made use of in making such Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, and for no other Purpose whatsoever, and the Supervisor or Officer of Excise, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers of Mineral Alkali shall then be, at the same Time certifying his Belief of the Truth of the Matters sworn to by such Maker or Makers of Glass, or his or their Agent: Provided, That no Maker or Makers of Glass whatsoever shall obtain, receive, or have, any such Rock Salt, Brine, or SeaWater, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, therefrom, unless such Maker or Makers of Glass shall have first made such Entry as herein-

after mentioned.

herein after mentioned shall

Glass Makers may take Rock Salt from Warehouses, or Brme or Sea Water, for making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Gast, upon Hond that it shall be so used.

How such Bonds shall be discharged.

Mo Glass Maker to receive Rock Salt, &c. till such Entry as have been made.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, before he, she, or they shall presume to begin to make or manufacture any Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, shall from Time to Time make'true and particular Entry in Writing of every Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, and other Place, and also of every Utensil and Vessel by him, her, or them respectively intended to be made use of, in or for the making or keeping Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, or any Materials proper to be made into Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, at the Office of Excisev within the Compass or Limits whereof such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, and other Place respectively shall be situate; and if any such Person or Persons shall begin to make any Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, without first making such Entry, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with all the Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, and all the Materials proper to be made into Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, together with all the Utensils and Vessels used in making the same, which shall at any Time be found in any Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, or other Place used in or for the making or keeping of Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, whereof no such Entry shall be made.

CXYHII. And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain Licences are authorized to be granted for making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, and for or in respect of each such Licence a Duty of five Pounds is by the said Act imnofed: And whereas it 1 inexpedient to repeal the said Duty ;* be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the said Duty of five Pounds, by the said Aftim-posed for or in respect of each such Licence, shall cease and determine, and no such Licence shall hereafter

be granted. # 1 "

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That no such Rock Salt shall be delivered out of or from any

Warehouse belonging to any Mine or Pit, from which the same shall be raised or taken, for the Purpose or under any Pretext of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, or shall be afterwards delivered at such Work or Works, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, or stored or deposited in any Warehouse, Storehouse, or Place, belonging thereto, or used therewith, but in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, who shall make and keep an Entry in Writing, containing the true and real Weight or Quantity of the Salt so delivered at such Salt Mine or Pit, and brought in or delivered to or at such Alkali Works as aforesaid, together with the Day on which the same shall be brought into or delivered at such Alkali Work or Works respectively as aforesaid; and which Entry so to be made at such Salt Mine or Pit as aforesaid, shall also contain the Name of the Maker or Makers of Glass respectively to whom the Rock Salt therein mentioned was delivered, and for the Die of what Work or Works for the making of Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, and to whom belonging.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Rock Salt so brought in to be used, stored, or deposited, at any such Work or Works, for the making of such Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, shall be of less Weight or Quantity than that specified in the Permit which shall accompany the same, the Maker or Makers of Mineral Alkali, to whose Use or on whose Account the said Salt was so delivered at such Salt Mine or Pit as aforesaid, shall be answerable for the same.

Before mpking Mineral Alkali, or Flux for blafs, an Entry to be made of "Workhouses,

Sec. at the Excise Office of the Distri&, on Penalty of tool, with the Materials and Utcii-fils.

Duty imposed on Licences for making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, by. 2z Geo. 3. c. 39. to cease from Ott. 10, 1798.

No Rock Salt to be delivered for making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, or stored, but in Presence of an Officer, who shall make an Entry of the* Quantity, dec.

sz

If Rock Salt bi ought to any Work for making Mine, ral Alkali, or Flux for Glass,

be less than specified in the Permit, the Maker shall be answerable.

900

C. 89.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Penalty of tool, for using Rock Sait delivered to Glass Makers (of any other Purpose than nnking Mineral Alkali,

Officers may enter Workhouses, &c. of Manufacturers of Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass.

Penalty of 50l. for refuting them Entrance.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Maker of Cjlafs, to whom or on whose Use or Account any such Rock Salt shall be delivered at any such Salt Mine or Pit, and secured as aforesaid, or in case any other Person or Persons shall use the same, or any Part thereof, or any Acid Materials to be produced therefrom, after being used in the making of such Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass as aforesaid, for any other Purpose than that of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, the Person or Persons so offending in the Premises shall forfeit and lole the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

or Flux for Glass. JJ - IE

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise to enter into all and every the Workhouses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, and other Places made use of by any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, made from Rock Salt, Brine, or Sea Water as aforesaid, either for the Purpose of making, storing, or keeping the same, or of storing or keeping any Rock Salt, Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose or under Colour of making the same; and that if any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall, upon due Request or Demand made by any Officer of Excise, in the Day-time, or in the Night in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, refuse to permit such Officer to enter and come into any such Workhouses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, and other Places, he, she, or they shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lay or impose any Duty on such Glauber Salts as shall be made or produced by any Glass-maker in any of the Processes of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass as aforesaid, and which Olauber Salts shall be truly and bond fide expended and consumed in making such Mineral Alkali, or F lux for Glass. IB

Duty not to extend to Glauber Salts produced in making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, and expended in making the same.

Owners or Occupiers of Brine Springs in Long Benton may make Mineral Alkali therefrom, on making Entry of their Wprk-houses, &c. at the Excise Office of the Diflria.

Penalty for not making such Entry, 100l.&c.

Duty for the Mineral Alkali made, to be paid according to

Act.

CXXIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of certain Springs of Brine or Salt Water in the Parish or Township of Long Benton in the County of Northumberland, to make and manufacture Mineral Alkali from the Water or Brine of the said Springs, at their Works or Manufactories already erected or begun to be erected within the said Parish or Township, and also within the Parish of Newburn in the County aforesaid, upon the Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions in that Behalf herein after contained, provided, prescribed, settled, and established; that is to say, that all and every the said Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, shall from Time to Time make true and particular Entry in Writing of every Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, and other Place, and Utensil and Vessel by him, her, or them respectively intended to be made use of in or for the making or keeping such Mineral Alkali, or any Materials proper to be made into Mineral Alkali, at the Office of Excise within the Compafsor Limits whereof such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, or other Place respectively shall be situate; and if any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers, who shall make or manufacture any Mineral Alkali from such Water or Brine as aforesaid, shall neglect to make any such Entry, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with all the Mineral Alkali which shall at any Time be found in ary Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, or other Place, by him, her, or them used in or for the making or keeping of Mineral Alkali whereof no such Entry shall be made; provided also, that such Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, do and shall from Time to Time pay and clear off all such Duty as shall become due and payable for or in respect of the Mineral Alkali which he, she, or they shall from Time to Time make or manufacture, at such Times and under such Penalties as in this Act in that Behalf pre-

feribed. '1 —

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise from Time to Time, and at all Times by Day or Night, upon his or their Request, to enter into and upon all and every the Workhouses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, and other Places respectively made use of by any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers for the making or manufacturing Mineral Alkali from such Water or Brine as aforesaid, and by weighing, gauging, or other wise, to take an Account of all the Mineral Alkali which shall at any lime be making or manufacturing, or made or manufactured therein.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Owner, Proprietor, or Occupier shall at any Time make or manufacture any Common Salt, or any Salts called or known by the Name of Glauber or Effom Salts, or shall at any Time knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody, or in any House or Place to him, her, or them belonging, any Common Salt exceeding the Quantity of two Bushels, or any Glauber or Epjom Salts exceeding the Quantity of one Pound, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and such Owner, Proprietor, or Occupier, shall also forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds. 'I

Officer of Excise may enter such Wodc-houses, and take an Account of the Mineral Alkali making or made.

Penalty of 500!-and Forfeiture of Salt, on such Owner* or Occupiers making Common Salt, or Glauber Salts, or having in

their Custody more than a certain Quantity of each.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Manufacture of Kelp, Barilla, or Flux for Glass, made in any Part of Great Britain by the Incineration of Marine or any other Plants.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person whatsoever, being a Maker or Refiner of Salt, or Rock Salt, or Proprietor of, or in anywise interested or concerned in any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, Salt Refinery, or Salt Work, shall, during such Time as he shall be a Maker or Refiner of Salt, or Rock Salt, or be so interested or concerned in making Salt, or a Proprietor of, or in anywise interested or concerned in any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, Salt Refinery, or Salt Work, act as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing whatsoever, which shall anywise concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be made, relating to Salt j and if any Person or Persons shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, prefurne to exercise any such Powers or Authorities, or to do any Act authorized by any such Act or Acts of Parliament, to be done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, all such Acts so executed or done by such Person shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by this Act it shall or may be necessary to ascertain or settle the Value of any Salt, or Rock Salt, such Value shall be deemed and taken to be according to the belt and highest Price at which Salt, or Rock Salt, (as the Case may requireJ shall fell for in London.

CXXX. And be it further envied, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Cases in which an Oath is required to be taken by this Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate or Debenture, in any Case in which a Certificate or Debenture is by this Act required tobeuled, given, or granted, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of his just Duties, every Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall for such his, her, or their Offence be transported as a Felon or Felons for the Space of seven Years, in such Manner as Felons are appointed to be transported by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases, and to amend the Laws respecting the Transportation of Offenders; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain before the Expiration of the said seven Years, he, she, or they so returning shall suffer as a Felon or Felons, and have Execution awarded against him, her, or them, as Persons attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Permit, in any Case in which a Permit is by this Act required to be used, or

franted, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any such false or untrue Permit with any Lock Salt, removed or to be removed as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently

ei

erase any such Permit after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer of Excise, or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such Permit so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, orerafed as aforesaid, every Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall resist, oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in the due Execution of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this Act, or thereafter to be made, relating to Salt, or Rock Salt, or of any of the Powers or Authorities by any such Act or Acts of Parliament iven or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall by Force or Violence, after any such Officer or Officers shall have seized any Salt, or Rock Salt, forfeited by any such Act or Acts of Parliament, or any

8

R<

7

refeue or cause to be refeued any such Salt, or Rock Salt, Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, Cart, or Carriage, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for «ach and every such Offence, for which no Penalty is particularly provided by this Act, severally forfeit the

Sum of two hundred Pounds. ISBEl

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence, or Reward whatsoever, to any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, to connive at or to permit any Salt, or Rock Salt, to be run on Shore, or to connive at any false or short Entry of any Salt, or Rock Salt, or shall give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence, or Reward what-

ccution of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this Act, or thereafter to be made, relating to Salt, or Rock Salt, or either of them, or to neglect to do or perform any Act

or Acte* Thing or Things whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the Business or Duty of such Officer

901

Act net to extend to KeJp, &c. made from Plants.

No Person concerned in any Sale Mine, Salt Refinery, or Salt Works, to act as a Justice in any Matter relating to Salt.

The Value of Salt or Rock Salt to be taker* at the belt Price

at London.

Persons taking false Oaths to be liable to the Penalties for corrupt Perjury.

Persons forging Certificates or Debentures to be transported for seven Years, as under 24 Geo. 3. ft. 2; c. 56. and if they return, to suffer as Felons without Benefit of Clergy.

Penalty of 50CI. for giving or rp« ceiving false Permits, &c.

Penalty of 200! for obft rutting Officers of the Customs or Excise, or for rescuing Seizures.

Penalty of 500l. for bribing or attempting ro bribe Officers of the Customs or Excise.

Arrears of Du -

tics repealed, Penalties incurred before Commencement of this Act, Drawbacks &c. to be adjured by the Commissioners of Excise.

Recovery and Application of penalties.

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Application of the Duties.

Trom Oct. ic,

179*. Officers of the Excise may exercise such Powers as were given to Officers of the Salt Dutios by Acts in force before pairing this Act, and which are not hereby repealed 4Dr altered.

C. 89. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

or Officers, in the Execution of any such Act or Acts of Parliament, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds, relating to the Duties on Salt, or Rock Salt, or not to discover the same, all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, whether such Offer or Proposal be accepted or not, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all outstanding Arrears of the Duties by this Act repealed, which shall have arisen or been charged, on all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, which shall have been incurred or adjudged in relation to any such Duties, before the Commencement of this Act, shall be paid to, and shall be received, distributed, and accounted for by the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively; and all legal and just outstanding Claims, for or in respect of any Drawback, Discount, Allowance, or Bounty, which shall have arisen or become due in relation to any such Duties before the Commencement of this Act, shall be adjusted, settled, paid, and accounted for by the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, out of any Money in their Hands arising by the Duties by this Act imposed: Provided always nevertheless. That no such Claim, for or in respect of any such Drawback, Discount, Allowance, or Bounty, shall be allowed or paid, unless the same shall be made within six Months next after the Commencement of this Act.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, and relating to the Duties on Salt, aid not recovered, and also all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, rcctve, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws gf Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that (save and except in such Cases where it is otherwise expressly directed by this Act) one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will inform, discover, or sue for the same.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the said Duties by this Act granted or imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, out of the Monies arising from the Duties on Salt hereby granted, the Sum of one hundred and one thousand five hundred and fifty-five Pounds, being one fourth Part of the Sum of four hundred and six thousand two hundred and twenty Pounds, the annual Average Produce forfix Years, ending the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of the said Duties on Salt, shall Quarterly, on the fifth Day of "January, the fifth Day of Abril^ the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, during the Period often Years, f>e set apart from the Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and that the said Remainder of the said Duties shall, during the said Period of ten Years, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that the said Remainder of the said Rates and Duties so paid into the said Receipt, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made or Stock created by virtue of any A3 passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which the said Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties (half, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose ot defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CXXXIX. And whereas, by several Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, and relating to the Duties on Salt, certain Powers and Authorities were given to the Collectors and other Officers of the Duties on Salt, and such Collectors and Officers respectively by the said Acts were authorized and required to make Seizures of Salt and other Articles forfeited by the said Acts, and to do, perform, and execute divers other Acts, Matters, and Things, for the Purpose of regulating the Collection of the Duties by this Act repealed, and for preventing and detesting of Frauds relating the reto: And whereas it is expedient that such of the said Powers and Authorities as are not repealed, revoked, or al-‘ tered or controlled by this Act, or not repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained, be given to, and in future exercised, practised, and put in Execution by the Collectors and Officers of Excise, and the Officers of Excise should be authorized and required to make such Seizures, and to do, perform, and ex- ecute all such Acts, Matters, and Things, for the regulating the Collection of the Duties by this Act im- posed in lieu of the said Duties so repealed, and for preventing and detesting Frauds relating to the said Duties by this Act imposed be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Collectors and other Officers of Excise, and such Collectors and other Officers are hereby authorized and required to make such Seizures, and to exercise, practise, and put in Execution such of the said Powers and Authorities jespectively as are not repealed, revoked, altered, or controlled by this Act, or not repugnant to any of the

A.D. 1798.

tricesimo

C. 89. 90

Provisions herein contained, and to do, perform, and execute, all such Acts, Matters, and Things for the regulating the Collection of the Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing and detecting Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the respective Collectors and other Officers of the Duties 011 Salt by this Act repealed might have done immediately before the passing of this Act; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall obstruct, molest, impede, let, or hinder, any such Collector or other Officer of Excise in the due Execution of any of the said Powers or Authorities, shall, for every such Offence, be subject and liable to such Penalty or Penalties respectively, as are in and by % the said respective Acts imposed for such Offence committed on any Collector or other Officer of the Duties on Salt.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed orcon-strued to extend, to repeal or alter any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act relating to the Duties on Salt, or any of the Clauses or Provisoes therein contained, save and except the said Dupes, Drawbacks, Discounts, Bounties, and Allowances respectively by this Act expressly repealed, and save and except so far as any such Act or Acts, or the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, or Authorities therein contained or granted are repealed, revoked, altered, or controlled by this present Act, or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained, but that all and singular the said former Acts, and the several Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers, and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pains, Penalties, and P'orfeitures incurred, or thereby imposed or provided for any Breach or Non-observance of the same, except as aforesaid, shall remain and continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CXLI. And whereas the Commissioners and Officers who, before and at the Time of passing this Act,

were employed in the Collection and Management of the Duties for and in respect of Salt, are or will be by this A A deprived of their Employments, and the Salaries and Emoluments arising therefrom; and it is expedient that some Compensation should be made to such Commissioners and Officers respectively for the Loss of such their Salaries and Emoluments;* be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, to direct, during Pleasure, the Commissioners of Excise to pay to such Commissioners and Officers respectively of the Salt Duties, out of the Revenue of Excise, such yearly Allowances as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall judge fit, so as no Allowance to any such Commissioner or Officer of the Salt Duties respectively shall exceed the yearly Amount of the Salary and Emolument of which he or they is, are, or shall by this Act be so deprived, and so as the Whole of such Allowance do not exceed the Sum of twenty-one thousand

Pounds.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of JVards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for managing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and

Act net to repeal or alter any Acts in force immediately before patting L it relating to the Duties on Salt, except so far as hereby repealed or, altered.

His Majesty may direct the Commissioners of Excise to pay to the Commissioners and Officers of the Duties on Salt*. Allowances not exceeding their Salaries and Emolument*.

All Powers of 12 Car. 2. c. 24. and other Excise Acts, to extend to this Act.

prescribed by this Act,) shall be pradliled, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the said_Dutiesjipon Salt and Rock Salt hereby

granted, as ftillv and effectually as if all and 1

Cl

CXLIII. And, for the preventing of Exactions upon Sale of Salt in this Kingdom, and to have the Rates and Prices thereof ascertained,’ be it further enacted,‘That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London shall and may and are hereby required, when and as often as they shall think necessary, to set, ascertain, and duly publish, certain reasonable Rates and Prices upon ali Salt to be sold or exposed to Sale, and not intended for Exportation, in the City of London and Precincts thereof, and the Bills of Mortality; and that the respective Justices of the Peace for the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, and Places, in Great Britain, shall and may, and are hereby required, as often as they respectively shall think necessary, at the several and respective General Sessions of the Peace, for the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, and Places, wherein they are or shall be Justices of the Peace, tofet, ascertain, and duly publish, certain reasonable Rates and Prices upon all Salt to be sold or exposed to Sale, and not intended for Exportation, within the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, and Places, wherein they are or shall be Justices of the Peace, and that the Lord Mayor of London, and the said Court of Aldermen, in the Court of Aldermen, and the said respective Justices of the Peace of the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, and Places aforesaid, at the several and respective General Sessions of the Peace for the said respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, and Places, wherein they are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may, and are hereby required from Time to Time, (if necessary,) at the several and respective General Sessions of the Peace for the said Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, and Places, by Writing, duly made and published, to alter and correct the Ratos and Prices of all Salt to be sold and exposed to Sale, and not intended for Exportation, in the said respective Places; and the Rates and Prices which shall be so set, ascertained, altered, and corrected, are here-

v determined by The Lord Mayor and Al* dermenof London, and the Justices in General Sessions, to set the Price of Salt fold, and not intended for Exportation.

Penalty for felling Salt at a higher than the fixed Price, or refuting to fell at that Price,

stol.

Application of

[Penalty.]

C. 89, 90. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

by directed and required to be observed, accepted, received, and taken by all and every Person and Persons felling or exposing to Sale any Salt, not intended for Exportation, withm Great Britain; and if any Person or Persons shall fell any Salt, not intended for Exportation, at any higher Price or Rate, or refuse to fell any Salt, not intended for Exportation, at the Prices and Rates so fixed as aforesaid, such Person and Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied out of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Distress and Sale thereof, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor or one of the Aldermen of the City of London, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Place or Places wherein such Offence shall be committed or Distress shall be to be made, and in Default of sufficient Distress for the same, it shall and may lawful, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal from the Lord Mayor or one of the Aldermen of the City of London, or from any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to imprison the said Offender or Offenders, until such Offender or Offenders shall pay the said Sum of twenty Pounds, one Moiety of which Sum shall be paid to the Use of our Sovereign Lord the Ring, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform and prosecute for the same as aforesaid.

CAP. XC.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

[29th June 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign, iiuB

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Sufcjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious Consideration your Majesty's most gracious Message, signifying your Majesty's Desire to be enabled to take all such Measures as may be necessary to dif- appoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of your Majesty's Enemies, and as the Exigency of Af- fairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of one Million for that Purpose; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,’

Commissioners of the Treasury (authorized by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual) may raise 1,000,000l. by Loans or Exchequer Bills, before Jan, 5, 799> as prescribed by the Malt Act of this Session. The Clauses of the Malt Act relating to Exchequer Bills (except such as charge the Bills on the Malt Duties, and limit the Rate of Interest) extended to this Act. Exchequer Bills with Interest,

tff c. to be paid out of the first Supplies of next Session, and if sufficient be not granted by July 5, 1799,

then out of the Consolidated Fund. Monies issued from the Consolidated Fund, to be replaced out of the

first Supplies. In case of Invasion, the Bank may advance the Money authorized by this Act, in Ad-

dition to the 3,000,000l. under Cap. 8, of this Session. 62,755l. 10 s. paid to the Bank on Account of the Paymaster General, may be issued towards the Supply for 1798. Monies raised by the Malt Duties;

Land Tax; 3,000,000l. Exchequer Bills, under Cat>. 8, of this Session; A id for the Prosecution of the

War, under Cap. 16; 3,000,000l. further Exchequer Bills, under Cap. 20; 17,000,000l. Annuities, under

Cap. 37; Lottery; 3,500,000l. additional Exchequer Bills, under Cap. 82; 3,000,000l. Exchequer Bills, under Cap. 91; and the said 62,755 /. 10 s. paid to the Bank on Account of the Paymaster General, with the Residue from Sale of trench Prizes, to be applied to the Uses hereafter expelled.

13,449,388l. 19s. yd. for Naval Services for 1798, viz. 2,645,500 /. for Wages of 110,000 Men, in-

dueling 20,000 Marines; 2,717,000l. for their Victuals; 4.290,000l. for Wear and T ear of Ships;

357,500 I. for Sea Service Ordnance; 1,200,000l. for Transport Service and Maintenance of Prisoners;

689,858l. 19 j. yd. for Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay; 639,530l. for Buildings and Repairs

of Ships, and extra Works; 910,000l. for 10,000 additional Men. 1,073,885 /. 13 j. 9d. for Land Ser-

vice of the Ordnance for 1798 j 5,726l. 9*. 2d. for ditto in 1796; 114,855l. 8s. 6d. for Sea Service

of ditto in 1796; 96,571l. 4x. 10d. for Land Service of ditto in 1797. 10,587l. 17 J. 11 d. to make

Compensation for Lands purchased pursuant to 34 Geo. 3. Cap. 76, rejecting public Works in Kent and

Devonshire; and 1953 /. 11 s. 11 d. to make Compensation for Losses sustained in Kent in consequence of that Act 2,000,000l. for his Majesty's Service in Ireland. 12,852,815 /. 4X. 11 d. for Land Ser-

vice; viz- 1,699,450l. 7x. 3 d. for 48,609 effective Men, Officers, 6fc. in Great Britain, Jersey, and

Guernsey in 1798; 1,025,536l. 19 s. 6d. for Forces in the Plantations, Gibraltar? Portugal, the Cape of

Good Hope, and New South Wales; 78,2261. 4s. 3d. for Difference between British and Irish Pay for lix

Regiments abroad; 20,244l. ox. 1 d. for recruiting the Regiments in East India; 180,000l. for Recruiting,

Corftingencies, and extra Feed for Cavalry; 89,723l. 191. 3 d. for General Staff and Hospital Officers

in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey \ 1,417,179l. 10s. 5d. (or Militia ill South Britain and *bencible

905

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 90, 91.

Infantry in Great Britain, Jetfey, Guernsey, Scilly\ and Man\ 40,000l. for Contingencies for Militia and Fencibles in Great Britain j 116,267l. 3 r. r/. for Cloathing for the Militia in South Britain; 404,570l. 4 r. for Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain; 25.000l. for their extra Feed; 33,463l. 13 r. io</. for full Pay to Supernumerary Officers; 108,582l. 145. 10d. for the Paymaster General, Commissary General, bfc. 140,000l. for increased Rates for quartering Soldiers; 163.874l. 16;. 8^/. for 4t Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines; 125l. 3r. 4d. for Reduced and Superannuated Gen-4C tlemen of the Horse Guards; 1000l. for Officers late in the Service of the States General; 52,500/ on account of Reduced Officers of the Britf) American Forces, and 7,500l. for Allowances to them; 116,167l. 4s. 3cl. fur Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital\ 26,547 /. 17l. (yd. for the In Pensioners; 12,954l. 15r. 3d. for Widows Pensions; 1,315,708l. for the Supplementary Militia; 130,000/ for Provisional Cavalry; 350.000l. for Volunteer Corps; 520,717l. for the Barrack Department; 126.083l.

11 r. 5 d. for Foreign Corps; 1,35*,391l. 19.*- 3 d. for Army Extraordinaries, from Dec. 25, 1796, to Dec. 24, 1797; 3,200,000l. for Aimy Extraordinaries for 3798. 3,500,000l. for discharging Exchequer Bills made out under 37 Geo. 3. Cap. 114. 10,043l. 6 r. 4 d. issued pursuant to Addresses of the

House of Commons. 7,150l. for the Civil Establishment of Upper Canada; 5,915l. for Nova Scotia; 4,550l. for Nruu Brunswicki 1,900l. for the Island of St. John in America; 1,840l. for Cape Breton; 1,232l. i or for Newfoundland; 4.100l. forth c Bahama Islands; 580l. for Bermuda; 600l. for Z)<7-miniCQ; 6,157l. 2j. for New South Wales; 13,000l. for horts in Africa. 168,000l. for Relief of the Refugee Clergy and Laity of Frauce; 44.000/ for American Loyalists; 150,000l. for his Majesty's Secret oervice Abroad; 36,000l. to pay Bills from iSW/A Wales; 33,325 /. 17 r 3*/. for Expences of Convicts at Home; 2,500 /. for Repairs of Douglas Harbour; 3,000l. for the Board of Agriculture; 200,oco/. towards the Reduction of the National Debt; 49,078l. 7 s. 6 d. for Part of Orders made out pursuant to 30 Geo. 3. G?/>. 34. for the Reliefot American Sufferers, bfc.; 10,000l. for the Levant Company; 3,000l. for the Brit'ish Museum; 7,000l. for printing for the Commons; 13,250 /. 18 s. for Expences of the Mint; 2,024l. or 9d. for Prosecution of Coiners; 2,600l. for Expences on Account of the Alien Act; 15,000l. for Somerset Place; 38,222 /. 7 s. 6d. for Excess above Money granted for Se- cret Service last Session; 12.677 / 12 * d. for Excess above Money granted for the suffering Clergy and Laity ot France; 1,000l. to W. Pollock Esq. for Expences under the Alien Act; 17,073 /. 1 s. 5 cL to pay Bills drawn from New South Wales; 282 /. 17 s 6d. for ventilating the House of Lords; 2,542L 10 s. 6d. for fitting up Houses for the Speaker and the Serjeant at Arms; 261 /. 151. 6 d. to H. Bar~ lotv Esq. for his Attendance during the Trial of Mr. Hajlings; 547 /. 12 s. to R. Hudson Esq. for collecting Papers for an Appendix to the Evidence on Mr- Hajlings1 s Trial; 260l. 155. 6d. for Relit of the Parliament Office; 422 /. 16 s. for Attendance of Committees on the Lords and Commons; 472 l% 17 s. for publishing in the Gazette, Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown Sugar; 360l. or, 44 3 d. the Excess above the Sum granted last Session for printing for the Commons; 3,338 T. 17 r. 8 d. 2 q, 44 the Excess above the Sum granted last Session for Expences of Convicts at Home; 800l. 1 r. for making 44 a Survey at Somerset Place; 98l. 19 r. to Mr. Soane for Journies to Winchester; 1,500l. for the Vete- rinary College; 38,516l. i6r 2 d. 2 y. awarded under the American Treaty; 3,387 /. 13 r. 3^. for 46 better securing Plymouth; 4,500l. for Roads and Bridges in North Britain. By 37 Geo. 3. Cap. 144, 118 874l. 16 r. id. was appropriated to be paid to Reduced Officers for 1797., the Overplus of which may be disposed of to Officers maimed, bfc. as his Majesty ftiaH direct. Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, &c. loft, may be made out on Affidavits, before the Barons of the Exchequer."

CAP. XCI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

[29th June 1798.]

Commissioners of the Treasury may raise 3,000,000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, before 051. 10* 44 1798, in like Manner as is nreferibed by the Malt Act of this Session concerning Loans, dsV. Certain Clauses, bic. in the said Act relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills, extended to this ACT Exchequer Bills so issued not to be received again in Payment of any Taxes, nor exchanged, before April 5, 1799. 44 Principal and Interest, with Charges, to be repaid out of the first Supplies granted next Session. Bank of England authorized to advance the said Sum on the Credit of this Act; notwithstanding the Act 5 6

Gul* bf. Muriity or Cap. 1. §3. of this Session."

33 Geo. III.

i 9 {

906

C. 92.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Geo. 3. c. jo2. recited.

Caps. 11. 31.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to revive, continue until the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly dejeribed, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Dislrifts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Dufies on Spirits diddled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation, in Scotland \ and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland.

[z9th Jung 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty Additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland herein particularly dejeribed, for a limited Time, and for rtgulating the Duties on Djiilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; which was to continue in force until one Month after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament: And whereas by two Acts *, made in this present Session of Parliament, the said recited Act was further continued until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: And whereas it is proper and expedient that the said first recited Act should be revived and further continued, and that the same should be explained, altered, and amended, and that certain additional Duties should be imposed upon British Spirits distilled in Scotland for Consumption in that Part of the Kingdom and now in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Distiller, Dealer, or Retailer, and also upon all Spirits that shall be distilled for that Purpose before a certain Period, and that a Duty should be imposed upon all unmalted Grain used for Distillation in Scotland, and that certain Regulations and Provisions should be made for better securing the said Duties, as well as the former Duties upon Spirits, and u[xm Licences for distilling Spirits, and for the preventing of Fraud and Evasion thereof:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first recited Act, and all the Duties thereby imposed, and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, (except as herein after excepted and altered,) shall, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in force until the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. (

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a further Duty of Excise of one Shilling for and upon every Gallon English Wine Measurof British Spirits, raw, rectified, or compounded, of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall have been distilled for Consumption in Scotland, and which shall be, or shall have been found, on the first actual Survey, by the proper Officer of Excise, upon or after the thirteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Distiller, Rectifier, Compounder, Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits, in any Part of Scotland; to be paid by such Distiller, Reftificr, Compounder, Dealer, or Retailer, over and above the Licence Duty on the Capacity or Content of the Still, which has been paid, or become payable, by any Distiller, for or in respect of the Distillation of such Spirits.; jr-J jjVtH w

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a further Duty of Excise of one Shilling for and upon every Gallon English Wine Measure of British Spirits, of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which on, and from and after the said thirteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and until the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive, shall have been and shall be distilled in any Part of the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, or shall have been or shall be distilled for such Consumption within certain other Parts of Scotland particularly described in the herein after mentioned Act of the thirty-third Year and in the hereinbefore recited Act of the thirty-seventh Year, of the Reign of his present Majesty, not exceeding the Number of Gallons herein after limited and restricted to be distilled on and from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the said tench Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by or from each Still within the Boundaries therein mentioned; such Duty to be paid by the Distillers of the said Spirits, over and above the Licence Duty on the Still, which shall have been or shall be paid, or become payable, by such Distillers, for or in respect of tnc Distillation of such Spirits.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 92. 907

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Duty by this Act imposed on British Spirits, as being found in the Scock. Custody, or Potteflion of any Distiller, Rectifier, Compounder, Dealer, or Retailer, shall be paid in Manner following; that is to say, one fourth Part on or before the fifth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, one other fourth Part thereof on or before the fifth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-e:ght, one other fourth Part thereof on or before the fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on Pain of forfeiting double the Amount of the said additional Duty not so paid; and that the said additional Duty by this Act imposed on British Spirits, which shall be distilled from and after the passing of this Act, until the said tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be paid at the same Times and in the same Manner as the Licence Duty on the Stil/ is payable or paid by the Distiller, for every next subsequent two Months in the Lowlands, and three Months in the Highlands respectively, on Pain of forfeiting double the Amount of the said additional Duty not so paid.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Officers of Excise, and each and every-of them duly conttituted and appointed, shall he, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, and have Right by Night or Day to enter into and continue in every Stillhouse, Storehouse, Ware-house. Cellar, or other Place made use of by any Distiller, Redlificr, or Compounder, in any Part of Scotland, for making or keeping Wash or Spirits, and by gauging, measuring, or otherwise, to take Account of the Quantity of Wash and of Spirits in the Stock, Custody, or Potteflion of every such Distiller, Redli-fier, or Compounder, and also of the Quantity of Wash and of Spirits which shall from Time to Time be brewed, or made, or distilled, redlihed or compounded, by any such Distiller, Rectifier, or Com-

ounder, and to enter such Account, as well of the Wash as of the Spirits, in a Book or Books to be kept y such Officer or Officers for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Spirits that shall have been found in the Stock, Custody, or Potteflion of any Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder* or that shall be afterwards distilled, rectified, or compounded by any Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, shall be sent out of such Stock, Custody, or Potteflion, or shall be removed from the House, Building, or Work wherein the same were made or manufactured, redlified or compounded, or shall be carried from one Place to another, by Land or by Water, without a Permit, granted and signed by the proper Officer of Excise of the Division, and specifying therein the Quantity, Quality, and Strength of such Spirits, and the Package thereof, the Person from whom, the Person to whom, and the Place where the same are to be sent, and limicinga reasonable Time within which the said Permit i9 to be in force, on Pain of forfeiting all such Spirits as shall be sent out, removed, or carried, or found removing or carrying, without such Permit as aforesaid; which said Spirits, with the Casks, Vessels, and other Packages containing the same, and also the Vessels and Boats, Horses, and other Cattle and Carriages made use of in the Removal or Conveyance thereof, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and shall be forfeited and lost, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and if any licensed Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder shall fend or carry, or knowingly permit or fatter to be sent or carried, any Spirits from the House, Building, or Work wherein the same were made, manufactured, or rectified, or compounded, without such Permit as aforesaid, every such Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder shall, over and above the Forfeiture of the said Spirits, forfeit and lofea Sum equal to the Duty chargeable or charged upon such Spirits, in Proportion to the Quantity and Strength thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every licensed Distiller in Scotland shall be required and obliged, and he or she is hereby required and obliged, to make and deliver to the proper Officer ot Excise of the Division in which his or her Distillery is carried on, Weekly and every Week, a true Return or Declaration, in Writing, signed by him or her, of the respective Quantities of Malt, and of unmalted Grain, used by such licensed Distiller at every Mafti and of the Quantity of Spirits produced therefrom, which said Declaration or Return shall contain the true Number of Gallons and Strength of the Spirits distilled in each Day of such Week, on Fain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds, for every Neglect or Refusal to make or deliver such true Return or Declaration Weekly and every Week, as aforesaid, and the like Sum for every false Return or Declaration that shall be made by any such

Distiller- v

Additional Duties to be paid at cemin Times, on Penalty of doable the Amount.

Excise Officers may at any Time enter StiUJtod'ts, &c. to take Account ot W,ife and Spirits*.

No Spirits to be removed without a Permit, on Pain of Forfeiture, with the Vessels, &c. and a Sum equal to the Duty.

y. Bear, or B'gg, or other Corn or Grain which Distillation in Scotland\ should pay the like Duty as

VIII. And whereas it is reasonable that all Barle shall be used unmalted or raw, for the Purpose of Malt now pays;* be it therefore further enabled. That, from and after the tenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Officers of Excise, and each and every of them, duly constituted and appointed, shall be, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, from Time to Time, to measure and take an Account of the exact Quantity of all the Malt, and also of all the Barley, Bear, or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain unmalted or raw, which is to be used for the Purpose of Distillation, by any licensed Distiller, in any Part of Scotland, before the same or any Part thereof shall be ground down or put into the Mash Tun, and to charge the same Duty for and upon every Bushel of Inch Barley, Bear, or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain unmalted or raw*, as is chargeable or charged upon Malt in Scotland, which Dut-th*« c Hof 6 A 2 (ha

II

Prom Aug. 10, 1798, the Of. ficers of Excise to take an Account of Malt and raw Corn to be distilled before ground down, and charge the raw Com with the same Duty as Malt.

908

C. 92.

tricesimo octavo G

1798

Penalty of iool. for grinding down Malt, &c. before an Account is taken.

Licences for distilling in the Lowlands, or for rectifying in any Part of Scotland, granted or renewed upon or after Oct. ic, 1798, to be in force till April 10, 1799, (ex-t elusive,)and the' Duty to be paid by instalmcms.

Licences may be granted for Stills in the Highlands,

within the Limits described in the recited Acts of 33 and 37 Geo. 3. from July 5, 1798, to April 10, 1799, on r*ay~ ment of the same Duty as imposed by the latter Act for a Year.

Licensed Dif-

tiilcTs to be deemed as distilling from Barley, &c. of the Growth of the Places mentioned in the recttedAftSj&c.

Competitions

for Duty on Malt settled by § ir.of 37 Geo. 3. c. ioi. to, cease from July 5, 1798, and the same Duties to be paid as by Maitfters.

I I 41

shall be paid by every such Distiller, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and under the like Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Duty upon Malt is payable or paid by him or her, if he or she is a Maker of Malt, or if such Distiller is not a Maker of Malt, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and under the like Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the additional Duty upon Spirits by this Act granted, is hereinbefore directed to be paid by such Distiller; and if any licensed Distiller in any Part of Gotland shall, from and after the said tenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, grind down, or put into the Math Tun, any Malt, or any Barley, Bear, or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain unmalted or raw, before the same shall have been measured, and the Account thereof taken by the proper Officer of Excise as aforesaid, he or she shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds,

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Licence for the diddling, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits, in the Lowlands of Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing, of kny Kind of Spirits, in any Part of Scotland, which shall be granted or renewed upon or after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, shall be and continue in force from the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to the tenth Day of April attt thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive; and that upon or previous to the granting of any such Licence, the Person or Persons applying for the same shall, before he, she, or they be entitled to such Licence, paydown in Advance, in ready Money, to the proper Officer of Excise appointed to receive the same, one third Part of the full Sum payable under such Licence, from the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to the tenth Day of December following, exclusive; and shall, on or before the said tenth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, paydown in ready Money, in Advance, one other third Part; and shall, on or before the tenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, pay down in ready Money, in Advance, the remaining third Part of the said full Sum, payable under such Licence, from the said tenth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive.

, X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland^ to grant Licences to all Persons applying for the same, and duly recommended and qualified to ere£f, keep, and work, Stills in the Highlands of Scotland, within the respective Counties, Parts of Counties, and Limits, particularly specifiedand described in the before recited ‘Acts of the thirty-third and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, until the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive, and no longer, upon Payment of the same, and no higher Rate of Duty for or in respect of such Licences to which DiitiHers, in the said respective Districts, were subject and liable under the said last recited Act, for the whole Year, between the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and in the same Proportion according to the Time for which the said Licences shall be granted and in force; that is to say, for the Time between the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, and the said tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive. / rr

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller to whom such Licence as is hereinbefore last mentioned shall be granted, shall be considered, deemed, and taken, as carrying on his or her Business of distilling or drawing oft' Spirits from the Barley, Bear, or Bigg, of the Growth of the several and respciftive Counties, or Parts of Counties, in the said Acts mentioned, under the several Conditions, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, which were contained and enacted in the said last recited Act of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, hereby reviv and continued, except in so far as the same is altered or amended by this present Act.

XII. And whereas by the hereinbefore last recited Act of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it was enacted, that when the additional Composition Duty, after the Rate of ft x Pounds and ten Shillings, imposed by that Act, should be paid by a Still of forty Gallons, such Duty should be held to be a Composition for the Duty on dry Malt to the Extent offive hundred Bolls Linlithgow Measure, 6r 4 three thousand Bushels, and no more; and when the additional Composition Duty, after the Rate of four Pounds, imposed by that Act, should be paid for a Still of forty Gallons, such Duty should be held to be 4 a Composition for the Duty on dry Malt to the Extent of four hundred and fifty Bolls Linlithgow iVlea- sure, or two thousand seven hundred Bushels, and no more; and when any such Composition Dutyihould be paid for any Stilt of a Idler Size, the like Proportion should be observed as to the Quantity of Malt for which such Duty should be held to be a Composition: And whereas it is expedient to discontinrje the said Exemptions from the Duty on Malt ;* be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day^of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the said Exemptions shall cekfe and determine, and be altogether discontinued and abolished; and that, for and upon all Malt which shall be made or tried by any Ofi-tiller paying the Composition Duties hereinbefore mentioned, there shall be paid by such Distiller the dirhe Duties to which any entered lYialtller shall be liable by the Laws of Excise.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 92.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Licence Duty after the Rate of nine Pounds shall be paid for or upon each Gallon of a Still of forty Gallons Content, such Duty shall be held to be the Licence Duty on the Spirits manufactured in such Still, from and after the aforesaid fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the aforesaid tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the Extent of two thousand five hundred and thirty eight Gallons English Wine Adeafure of Spirits, of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and no more; and when the Licence Duty after the Rate of six Pounds and ten Shillings shall be paid for or upon each Gallon of a Still of forty Gallons Content, fvich Duty shall be hekl to be the Licence Duty on the Spirits manufactured in such Still, from and after the aforesaid fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the aforesaid tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the Extent of two thousand two hundred and eighty-four Gallons Enghft) Wine Measure of Spirits, of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and no more; and when any such Licence Duties shall be respectively paid for any Still of a lesser Size, the like Proportion shall be observed respectively as to the Quantity of Spirits for which such Licence Duties shall beheld to have been paid; and that for and upon all Spirits which shall be manufactured from such licensed Stills between the Darys aforesaid, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, there shall be paid by every such Distiller a Duty at and after the Rate of three Shillings for each Gallon of such surplus Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, over*and above the said respective Licence Duties.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Licence Duties imposed upon the Capacity or Content of all Stills used in Scotland, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be held, deemed, and taken as the Licence Duties on Stills for fix Working Days in the Week only throughout the Year for which such Licence shall be granted, exclusive of Sundays; and that if any Distrller or Distillers shall work or charge any Still or Stills on the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, that is to say, that if any Still or Stills shall not be completely discharged and worked off at or before Elevenof the Clock on Satu rday Night, and shall not continue silent or uncharged till One of the Clockon 'Monday Morning following, or if any Still or Stills shall be found charged, or at work, or filled-with any Thing other than Water, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night and One of the Clock on Monday Morning throughout the Year, then every such Distiller or Distillers shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds for each Offence, and for every Time any Srill or StiHs shall on Sunday, or between the Hours aforesaid, be so worked or charged; any Custom or Usage to the contrary in any Wife notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons now licensed by the Commissioners of Excrfe, to~ere£I,' keep, and work, any Still or Stills for the diddling, making, »or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, to deliver up his, her, or their Licence or Licences to the said Commissioners, or to the proper Supervisor of the 'District or Officer of the Division, to be vacated at any Time after the passing of this Act, and before the tenth Day of Oftaberone thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, on giving to the said Commissioners, Supervisor, or Officer, at lead ten Days previous Notice, in Writing, signed by such Person or Persons, of such Intention, whereupon, and at the End of the said ten Days, the said Commissioner, Supervisor, or Officer, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized to vacate the same, and every such Person or Persons shall be entitled to a Return of aj Part of the Licence Duty paid thereupon for the present Year, fin Proportion to the Period of such Year then unexpired, andihall be, and they are hereby fully indemnified, freed, and discharged, from any further Payment of Duty for or upon such Licence or Licences during the Remainder of the said Year and from any Penalty, Forfeiture, Action, Suit, or Prosecution, for or by reason of his, her, or their having discontinued to work any Still or Stills under the Authority of such Licence or Licences, after the same shall have been delivered up and vacated as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons licensed by the said Commissioners of Excise, to erect, keep, and work any Still or Stills for the drilling, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, or for the redfifyrhg,- compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits in any Part of Scotland, between the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or for any Person or Persons licensed by the said Commissioners of Excise, to eredi, keep, and workStiHs in the Highlands of Scotland, between the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to deliver up his, her, or their Licence or Licences, to the said Commissioners, or to the proper Supervisor of the District or Officer of the Division, to be vacated upon the Condition herein after expressed, and at the Time or Times herein after particularly mentioned; that is to say, every such Person or Persons intending to deliver up his, her, or their Licence or Licences, to be vacated, shall give to the said Commissioners, Supervisor, or Officer, one Calendar Month’s previous Notice in Writing, signed by such Person or Persons, of such Intention, before he, she, or they shall be entitled to discontinue the working of his, hefj or their Still or Stills, licensed as aforesaid, and thereupon the said Commissioners, Supervisor, or Officer, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized to vacate the said Licence or Licences, but not sooner, or at any other Time or Times than at and from the End of any two Calendar Months in the Lowlands, and of any three Calendar Months in the Highlands of Scotland, for which said two Months or three Months respectively the Licence Duty has been actually. paid in Advance by such Person or Persons, and in that Case the

Proportion of the Licence Duty payable for or in respect of such Still or Stills, for the unexpired lime of

cBi H11

909

Licence Duties on Stills to be held to be the Duty on certain Quantities of Spirits manufactured therein, between

July 5, i79*> and Apnl 10, 1799; and for every Gallon above those Quantities, a Duty to be paid of 3s.

Licence Duties to be taken as the Duties on Stills for fix Working Days in the Week, and if worked on Sunday, the Distiller to forfeit 500l.

Persons now licenced to distil in the Lowlands Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, may have their Licences vacated before Oct. 10, 1798, and receive a propor-*. tional Return of the Duty.

Persons licensed to distil in the Lowlands for Consumption in Scotland, or to leftify in any Part of Scotland, or to distil in the Highlands, may, within certain Periods, cn proper Notice, have their Licences vacated, &c.

910

C. 92.

tricesimo

A.D. 1798.

On or before July 20, 1798, Distillers in the Lowlands for Consumption in Scotland, may have their Licences vacated in Part, and an Abatement of Duty made.

his, her, or their Licences, during which the working of the Laid Still or Stills shall be discontinued, shall not be charged or chargeable upon, or payable or paid by such Person or Persons who shall have given such Notice as aforesaid, and ceased to work the said Still - or Stills from and after the Time specified in such Notice; that'is to say, only at the End of the two Months or three Months respectively hereinbefore mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and on or before the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons licensed as aforesaid, as a Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, to deliver in his, her, or their Licence to the said Commissioners, or Supervisor, or Officer of Excise, to be vacated in Part by ceasing, from and after the said twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to work one entire Still where two or more Stills have been entered by and licensed to such Distiller or Distillers, or by ceaiing to work two entire Stills where three or more Stills have been entered by and licensed to such Distider or Distillers, and to continue to work the other or others of such Stills, or by reducing or leilening the Capacity or Content of any Still or Stills at present licensed as aforesaid, by cutting down the lame to a letter Capacity or Content, or by substituting a Still or Stills of a letter Capacity or Content in place of any Still or Stills at present licensed, upon previous Notice, in Writing, signed by such Distiller or Distillers, being given, on or before the Day aforesaid, of the Intention to cease working one or more Still or Stills, and to continue to work the other or others of such Stills from and after that Day, or, to reduce or letten the Capacity or Content of any Still or Stills at present licensed, or to substitute a letter Still or Stills in place thereof; and in either of thele Events it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, or Supervisor, or Officer of Excise respectively, and they are hereby required to indorse the same on the Back of such Licence, specifying, in such Indorsement, the Content of such Still or Stills respectively, and distinguishing such as is or are intended to be worked from such as is or are not intended to be worked after the Time before limited, or the Content of such Still or Stills as is or are intended to be reduced or lessened, or changed as aforesaid, and also the Content of such Still or Stills as shall have been reduced, or leftened, or substituted as aforesaid, and to redeliver such Licence to such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, with such Indorsement thereupon, and which Indorsement on such Licence shall be deemed to vacate such Licence in such Part only as relates to the Still or Stills which shall cease to be worked, or shall be reduced, lessened, or changed, as aforesaid; and an Abatement of Licence Duty shall be made on such last mentioned Still or Stills only, from the Day or Days on which the said Still or Stills shall have ceased to be worked, or shall have been reduced, lessened, or changed, as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Still so reduced, lessened, cut down, or substituted as aforesaid, shall be used or employed either for the diddling of Wash or of Low Wines, unlefe the Capacity or Content thereof, including the Head, shall, after such Reduction or Change, be at the lead forty Gallons English Wine Measure or upwards.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Distiller shall, after the patting of

this Act, and before the tenth Day of rfpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, discontinue die working of any licensed Still or Stills under any of the Provisions and Conditions hereinbefore enacted and contained, every such Distiller shall immediately take down the said Still or Stills, and demolish the Furnace or Furnaces thereof; and shall also deposit with the Officer of Excise of the Division in which such Still or Stills was or were worked, the Head and Worm of the said Still, or Heads and Worms of the said Stills, to be by him securely kept until the same shall be again licensed to be worked; and if any such Distiller shall neglect or refuse to take down the said Still or Stills, or to demolish the Furnace or Furnaces thereof, or to depofrt the Head or Heads, Worm or Worms, of such Still or Stills as before directed, or shall use or employ the Body or Bodies of such Still or Stills in the distilling of Low Wines or Spirits before the same shall be a^«in duly licensed for that Purpose, every such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds. .1

No reduced Still of less Content than 40 Gallons

to be used for distilling Waih or Low Wines.

If a Distiller discontinue working a Still befeue April jo, 1799, he shall take it down and demolish the Fur-race, and dtpo-fit the Head a- d Worm with the Excise Officer.

Penalty 01 2C0l. for Neglect, or for using the

Body of such Still before licensing again.

Commissioners of Excise in Scotland may authori2e, between Odt 10,

1798, and April 10, 1799, Wer-fons in the Lowlands to distil

Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, in Stills containing 40 Gallons.

But no Licence to be granted within that Time for a Wash

and a Low Wine Still together, unless the latter contain a Fourth of the former.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and the Officer or Officers acting under them, or by their Authority* for the licensing of Stills, to grant Licences to any Person or Persons in the Lowlands of Scotland, between the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, and the said tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive, to ere£f, keep, and work, one Still of a Content or Capacity in the Body thereof and exclusive of the Head, not less than forty Gallons English Wine Measure, for distilling, making, or manufacturing Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits.

XXI. Provided always, That no Licence shall be granted tc any Person or Persons in the Lowlands of Scotland, between the Time aforesaid, to erect, keep, and work, a Wash Still and a Low Wine Still together, unless the Low Wine Still he of a Content or Capacity in the Body thereof, and exclusive of the Head, not less than one fourth Part of the Content or Capacity of such Wash Still.

XXII. Ana

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 92,93.

XXII. And whereas Contrails may have been made for the Sale of British Spirits before the same shall have been charged or become chargeable with the Duty by this Act imposed be it therefore enacted.

That in all Cases where any Spirits, whereorr the Duty by this Act imposed shall be charged, shall have been, after the said thirteenth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or shall be delivered in pursuance of such Contracts or Sales, it shall be lawful for the Distillers, Rectifiers, Compounders, Dealers in or Retailers of such Spirits, delivering the same, to charge so much Money as shall be equivalent to the Duty by this Act imposed in respect thereof, in Addition to the Price of such Spirits $ and such Distiller, Redlinef, Compounder, Dealer, or Retailer, shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to demand, and be paid the same accordingly.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obf^rudl or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them given or granted by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Spirits, the Person or Persons so offending therein shall, for each and every such Offence, severally. forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act im poled as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at W'estminster, and the said Money so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund, and shall be managed and applied in the same Manner as the Duties granted by the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, are thereby directed to be managed and applied.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act*imposed, shall be sued fot, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules,'Penalties, For-

feitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign

Zoi

thereof, or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale,

BBBBMf I B. >gs

of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite and by Knight Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu

and other Liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afetrtaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, shall be practised and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for ascertaining the Duty payable on Taxed Carts.

[29th June 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign, r

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duties on Carriages, and imposing new Dufies in lieu thereof, the Duty imposed on Carriages, commonly called Taxed Carts, is also repealed; and it is expedient to place such Carriages under the Regulations, and subject to the Duties herein after mentioned / may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, fur and upon every Carriage with less than four Wheels, to be drawn by one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which shall be built and constructed wholly of Wood and* Iron, without any Covering other than a Tilted Covering, and without any Lining or Springs, or any Ornament whatever, other than Paint of a dark Colour for the Preservation of the Wood or Iron only, and which shall have the Words "A Taxed Cart," and also the Owner’s Name and Place of Abode thereon, and the Price of which (Repairs excepted) shall not have exceeded, or the Value whereof shall not at any Time exceed, the Sum of twelve Pounds Sterling, the Annual Sum of one Pound and four Shillings; which Duty shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, accounted for, and applied in the same Manner, by the lame Persons respectively, and under the like Rules, Directions, and Provisions, and to the like LJfes as the Duties on Carriages imposed by the said recited Act, are directed to be raised, levied, collected, paid, accounted

for, and applied.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize any Person to set up or keep any Carriage as a Taxed Cart, on Payment of the Duty hereby granted, who shall be liable to be assessed to the Duties granted by the said recited Act on Carriages in respect of any fouc-wheeled Carriage k&pt or used by him or her, or to the Duties thereby granted on

9IT

Where Spirits chargeable under this Act have been contracted for previous to the Duty, it may be added to the Price.

Persons obstructing Officers to forfeit 2001.

Duties tobepaid into th; Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated F und.

Recovery and Application of Ptualties.

12 Car. 2. c. *4. Sic. to extend to this Act.

Cap. 4z« of this Session.

An Annual Duty of 1 i. 4 s. to be paid for every Taxed Cart of a particular Construe-tien, Scc.

Persons liable to Duties on a four-wheeled Carriage, or two Male Servants,

912

C. 93.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Male Servants, in respect of two Male Servants retained or employed by him or her; but every such Person who shall keep any such Carriage shall be liable to, and shall be charged for toe lame at the Kate prescribed, and according to the Directions contained in the said recited Act, in respect of Carriages with less than fbujb Wheels^ therein mentioned., - n r b *’

to pay for Taxed Carts as for Carnages with Ids than

undar c. 41. of this Session. Schedule B.

Persons occupying Farms or carrying oh Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, and Ecclt fiaflics not pol(Wling iocI. per Ann. Bull pay (or Horses used only in such Carnages as

Carriages to be marked with the Names of the Owners, &c. and produced upon Demand for Examination.

If the Value of such Carriage shall be more than i*l. or it shall be con-ArudUd contrary to this Act, &c. it shall be charged as a Carnage with less than (our Whe<ls (under c. 41. Scheduled), and the Surveyor shall certify the same, that it may be so charged in the Assessment.

Carts used wholly in Huf. bandry or Trade, not to be subject to Du:y on account of riding therein when laden, or or conveying their Owners to Church, 8cc.

All Carriages with hfs than four Wheels let out to Hire, to be subject to the Duty under c. 41

Carts charged with Duty hereby granted, rot liable to the additional Duties

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person occupying a Farm, and making 3

Livelihood solely thereby, or any Person carrying on a Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or by such Occupation or Trade jointly, or any EcclestafVical Person not poildled of an Annual Jncome of one hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arising from Ecclesiastical Preferment, or other wise, shall keep any such Carriage subject to the Duty hereby granted, every such Person shall be charged in respect of the Horse, Mare, or Gelding, used for the Purpose of drawing such Carriage, at the Rate prefenbed by the hard recited Act for Horses not kept for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any Carriage charged with Duty by the said Act: Provided always, That such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall not be at any lime used by such Person for the Purpose of Riding, or of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty by the said recited Act. C.

for Horses not kept for riding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be rated and assessed for such Carriage'as aforeCiid, shall mark or paint on a Black Ground in White Letters, or on a White Ground in Black Liters, on the Outside of the Back Pannel, or Back Part of such Carriage, or in case such Carriage (halpbe conilrufted without a Back Pannel, or any Back Part on which such Letters may be marked or painted, then on the Side, or on feme conspicuous Part of such Carriage, on the Outside thereof, his or her Christian and Surnames, and the Place of his or her Abode, and the Words " A Taxed Carr," in Roman Letters, and in Words at full Length, each of such Letters being at lead one Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and shall, upon Demand being made, produce such Carriage, (p marked or painted, to the Assessor or Afieliors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectorf, of the said Rate or Duty, or at any Meeting of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or to any two or more of them, to be examined by them, or any or either of them, respecting all or any of the Particulars above mentioned; and if any Person or Persons shall have or keep any Carriage as aforesaid with less than four Wheels, and such Carriage shall, in respect of the Price thereof, or for any subsequent Addition, (Repairs excepted,) have been charged (the Proof of which shall lie on the Owner or Owners of such Carriage) at any Sum exceeding twelve Pounds Sterling, or if the* Value thereof shall appear to the said Com m i (doners, on Examination, to exceed(the said Sum of twelve Pounds Sterling, or if such Carnage shall be built or constructed in any Respect contrary to the Provisions hereinbefore mentioned, or mall not be so marked as aforesaid, or if such Person or Persons shall neglect or refule, upon Demand being made, to produce such Carriage so marked to the Adellbr or Aflellors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or inspectors, of the said Rate or Duty, or to the Commissioners as aforesaid, for the Examination of them, or any or either of them, every such Person or Persons shall be liable to, and shall be charged at, the Kate prescribed according to the Directions contained in the said recited Act in respect of Carriages with less than four Wheels therein mentioned; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors, upon Notice thereof, shall certify the same in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, to any two or more of the Commissioners for putting the said recited Act in Executron, in order to have such Carriage changed at the Race prescribed by the said recited Act, in the Assessment made or to be made for that Year, apd any two or more of the said Co.n-missioners shall thereujron cause the Assessment to be rectified or made according to such Certnicate, and the said Rate and Duty to be levied and paid accordingly.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be condrued to

extend to subject to the said Duty any Cart whatever which shall be kept truly and without Fraud to be used wholly in the Affairs of Husbandry or of Trade, by reason of the Owner or any or his or her Servants riding thereon or therein, when laden, or when returning from any Place to which, or when going to any Place from which, any Load shall have been or shall be to be carried in such' Carriage, in tire Course of Husbandry, or for the Purpose of Trade, or for conveying the Own^s thereof, or their Families, to or from Divine Service, on Sundays, or for carrying Persons goi'ng to or returning from the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in case such Carriage shall not have been ufecj for auy Purpose of riding thereon or therein, save as aforesaid. -V

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Carriage with. less than four Wheels, of whatever Construction the same may be, which shall be at any Time lent or, jetput to hire, shall be subject to the Duty imposed on such Carriages by the said recited Act; auy Tifong^ herein ^ootamed to the

contrary notwithstanding. u, i .? j; ( n

of this Session. j,

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person assessed for any such Cart as aforesaid, to the Duties hereby granted, shall be charged in respect thereof with the additional Duties granted"by an Act, intituled, an Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid and Contribution for tbj Projlxution efthe War.

under c. 16. 0/ this Session.

7

91

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 93,94.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Cart, built and constructed According to the Directions of an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall have been act'efled to the said additional Duties granted by the said Act, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the said last mentioned Act, and they are hereby required to hear and determine any Appeal against such Assessment; and in case such Cart shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, be entitled, in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, to be exempted from any Assessment to be made by virtue of the said Act, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the W ar, then the said Commissioners shall cause such A Heflin ent to be vacated, but so as not to annul any Payment already made on any such Assessment, nor to impede the Collection of any Arrears fallen due before the vacating such Assessment: Provided always, That no such Appeal shall be heard or determined hut after ten Days Notice to the Surveyor or Inspector of the said Duties; and every such Inspector and Surveyor receiving such Notice as aforesaid, is hereby authorized and required to attend the Determination of such Appeal; and in case either the Party, or such Inspector or Surveyor, shall he dissatisfied With the Determination of such Commissioners, they respectively may demand a Case, in like Manner ss under any Act or Acts of Parliament with relation to Assessed Taxes.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of two

Acts of the last Session of Parliament.

[29th June 179b.]

WHEREAS his Majesty hath been graciously pleased, in pursuance of two Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, to communicate to Parliament

c his Royal Intention to cause the said Cavalry to be drawn out and embodied: And whereas it may be expedient, at the present Conjuncture, to draw out and embody the Provisional Cavalry of some of the Counties, Ridings, and Places, and to continue the same embodied for such Time as Circumstances shall appear to require, and to cause the Provisional Cavalry raised in the Rest of the Counties, Ridings, and Places in England, to be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, and afterwards embodied, if Occasion shall require :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, or Place, or in case of Vacancy, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom his Majesty's Warrant for the Purpose of embodying the Provisional Force of Cavalry raised in such County, Riding, or Place, shall be directed, shall as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently can be done, cause to be prepared by the Clerk of the General Meeting of Lieutenancy, or by the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, Lifts containing the Names and Places of Abode of all the Persons enrolled to serve in the Provisional Cavalry of such County, Riding, or Place, by virtue of the said Acts, distinguishing whether the said Persons were enrolled as Substitutes, or as Persons appointed or ballotted for the Service required by the said Acts, and when any such Persons shall be enrolled as Substitutes, then also the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons in lieu of whom they are enrolled to serve, which Lifts the said Clerks shall make out 2«id return within ten Days from the Time of receiving any Order for that Purpose; and the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall also cause one Duplicate of such Lists to be transmitted to the Receiver General of the Duties on Horses arising in such County, Riding, or Place; and that the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively shall appoint the Place and Time of assembling for the Purpose of being embodied, and cause the same to be made known, in such Manner as is directed by the Militia Laws for assembling the Militia, to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of every Parish and Place, and by them to the several Persons enrolled by virtue of the said Acts, and also to the several Persons appointed or ballotted to provide for the Service thereby required, which Notices the said Constables, Tyth-ingmen, Headboroughs, and other Officers, shall cause to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes and Places, or where there is no Church or Chapel, then on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some adjoining Parish or Place; and such Notice (ha) be deemed a Aifficient Notice to every Person enrolled, and also to every Person appointed or ballotted to provide for the said Service by virtue of the said Acts; and the Persons who are enrolled shall attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Notice, and those Persons who have been appointed dr ballotted as aforesaid shall provide for the said Service according to the Directions of the said Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, shall, before the Day appointed for assembling such Cavalry, make a Return on Oath, or solemn Affirma- tien, to be taken before any justice of the Peace of such County, Riding, or Place, of what they shall respectively have done in the Execution of this Act, in pursuance of any Order from the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid y and if any Person enrolled in the Provisional Cavalry cannot, at the Time appointed for assembling the same, be found, or shall be dead, or enlisted in any of his Majesty's Regular Forces, or serving on board any Ship or Vessel in his Majesty's Navy, the said Constables, Tythingmen,

9*3

If any Cart, built according to 35 Geo. 3. c. 10p, shall have been assess-d to the additional Duties granted by c. 16. of this Session, the Commissioners may, on Appeal, cause the Assessments to be vaca-ud,

Appeals not to be heard till after ten Days Notice to the Surveyor, 4:c.

ct. 6, a j.

Lieutenants of Counties, by his Majesty's Warrant, shall cause to be prepared Lists of the Perib ns enrolled in the Provisional Cavalry, and Duplicates transmitted to the Receiver General of the Duties on Horses; and shall appoint the Place and Time for embodying them, and make the same known to the Constables, whij shall cause No* tiers to be affix, on the Churches, &a

Constables shall make a ftctufn on Oath of: what they have done, and ifaby Perfi.n cfiroMl tarn dt bdoufd, Jec. rfctutn tlrt

Tame. 1,1 v

914

C. 94.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Jf the Deputy Lieutenants be ditfatisfied with the Value set by the Proprietor upon any Horse, it shall he valued by two (kdful Ferfont, and the Price, not

to exceed 251.

to be paid by the Receiver General, if the Horse die, dec*

Proprietors dis-satisfied with the Price may appeal to a Sub-division Meeting.

Deputy Lieutenants shall consider the Claims, not exceeding xol., of Persons enrolled as Substitutes, and on Proof of Contrail, certify the Number of Persons entitled to receive Money to the Receiver General, who shall pay it to the Commanding Officer, &c.

Headboroughs, or other Officers, shall make a Return thereof upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation, to the best of their Knowledge and Belief.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Mare or Gelding provided for the said Service, under and by virtue of the said Acts, shall, at the Time of embodying such Provisional Cavalry, be approved according to the said Acts, such Mare or Gelding, in case the Deputy Lieutenants there attending, shall be dif. Satisfied with the Value set upon the same by the Proprietor thereof, shall be forthwith valued by two skilful Persons, to be named by the respective Deputy Lieutenants, according to the Price at which the same might be fold, such Price not in any Case to exceed the Sum of twenty-five Pounds, which Valuation shall be duly entered, by the Direction of the Officer commanding such Provisional Cavalry, in the Books provided for the said Provisional Cavalry, and a Certificate thereof given, by the Officer commanding such Provisional Cavalry, to the Person who shall have provided such Mare or Gelding; and if any such Mare or Gelding shall die, or become unfit for Service, and it shall be thought expedient, that another Mare or Gelding should be provided for that Service, according to the Directions of the said Acts, and an Order should be made for that Purpose, then the valued Price of the same shall, on Demand, and on a Certificate of Conformity to the Provisions beforementioned, under the Hand of the Officer commanding the said Provisional Cavalry, be paid to the Person or Persons providing such Mare or Gelding, by the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Person or Persons shall reside, out of any Monies in his Hands, arising either out of the Monies raised by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, or out of the Duties on Horses, or other the Duties receivable by him as such Receiver: Provided always, That if the Proprietor of any Mare or Gelding so provided shall be dissatisfied with the Valuation to be made as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the Deputy Lieutenants at any Subdivision Meeting to be holden according to the said Acts, and the Deputy Lieutenants there present, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine such Appeals, and their Determination thereupon shall be final.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Men enrolled as Provisional Cavalry shall be embodied, any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place, for which such Men shall have been enrolled, shall, as soon as may be, take into Consideration the Claims to be made by any Person or Persons for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds, in respect of each Person so enrolled as a Substitute, on his being embodied, and shall examine into the Fad of any Contract being entered into for that Purpose between such Substitutes and their respective Principals, and shall receive Evidence thereof, either by the Registry of such Contract, or a Copy thereof, or by the Production of such Contract, or where no such Contract shall have been registered nor reduced into Writing, then by the Oath of the Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath the said Deputy Lieutenants are hereby authorized to administer; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall, on Proof of any such Contract to their Satisfaction, certify to the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Place, the Number of Persons entitled to receive any Sum of Money by virtue of any such Contract, for and in respect of any such Person serving as a Substitute, specifying the Amount of the Sum to be paid to each Person, and whether the same, according to such Contract, is to be paid to such Substitute, or the Person providing such Substitute; and such Receiver General is hereby required, within ten Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to iilue and pay to the Officer appointed 10

ing to such Contract so certified, which Commanding Officer shall forthwith pay the same, according to

ys - the Command of such Men, the several Sums of Money due in respect of each of such Substitutes, accord-

the Terms of the several Contracts so certified as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Persons classed to raise Provisional Cavalry shall have mutually agreed with, or made themselves liable to each other, to defray and bear their respective Projxx-tiens in the Expences of raising a Man and Horse, or Men and Horses, and of cloathing such Man or Men, and providing Furniture and Extra Keep for such Horses, or where any Person shall have defrayed and borne the Whole of such Expences, and such Persons or Person shall not have rendered any Account thereof to the Deputy Lieutenants, nor demanded or received any of the Allowances authorized by the said Acts, for and on Account of the Provisional Cavalry, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby required, at any Subdivision Meeting, upon Proof thereof by Affidavit made before any one or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County or Riding, or Magistrates of the Peace, within which such Persons shall have been classed or appointed, to certify the same to the Commissioners of Land fax for the District within which such Persons shall have been classed or appointed, and the Person in whose Favour such Certificates shall be made shall thereupon and from thenceforth, during the Continuance of the Payment of such Expences, be freed and exonerated from the Payment of any Assessment made, or to be made, for and on Account of Allowances paid or to be paid in such County, Riding, or Place, in respect of any Men and Horses raised by any other Persons in such County, Riding, or Place, and from all Assessments to be made in that Behalf under and by virtue of the said Acts of the thirty*seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, or this Act: Provided always, That if any AUetTnent lbail have been made upon any Person or Persons hereby declared to be freed and exonerated therefrom, such Assessment (h ill, as far as regards such Person or Persons, be void, and the Sums so assessed shall be strucit out of the Assessment upon such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and shall be added to the Adefiinents upca the Rest of the Persons liable thereto in the same Subdivision-

Where Classis have agreed to defray their Proportions of the expences of _Mcnand Horses, or where any Person shall have borne the Whole and no Allowance has been received, the Subdivision Meetings shall certify the same to the Land Tax Commissioners, and the Parlies, while they continue so*to pay,

shall be exempted from any Af-L Ament in respect of Men and JlorfA raised by any other Per-suus, or any under 37 Geo. 3. c. 6 & 23, or thi& AO

VI. A ad

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94. 915

Justices may determine Disputes touching Proportions of Expences of Classes.

If Cloathing for Men, ’or if Horses or proper Furniture for them be not pro-

timated Allow, alice to be forfeited by the Defaulter*

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise between any Persons in any Class or Classes, that shall have entered into such Agreement as aforesaid, touching the Payment of any Proportion of the Expences of such Class or Oast'es in railing and providing such Man and Horse as aforesaid, or the Cloathing, Furniture, and other Articles directed to be provided by the said Acts or this Act, it shall and may be lawful, on Complaint thereof made to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, within which such Persons shall be classed, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Person, or any other Witness or Witness, touching the same, and to make such Order for the Payment of the Proportion of the Expences of such Class, to be borne by such Person or Persons as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment of any Sums so ordered to be paid by the Space of fifteen Days next after such Determination, such Justice shall and may ifiiie forth his Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed to provide any Man or Men for the

Service required by the said Acts, or if any Person chosen by Ballot to provide any Man for the said Service, shall not cause to be produced to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutertants, or to the Officer appointed to have the Command of the Men when ordered to be embodied, suitable Cloathing for such Man or for each of such Men, or a Mare or Gelding fit for Military Duty, for the Use of such Man or of each of vided, a Sum such Men so to be provided by him or her, which shall be approved of by the Lieutenant or Deputy equal to the ef-Lieutenants, or by the Officer or Officers to be appointed to command such Men as aforesaid, or proper Furniture for each of such Mares or Geldings, according to the Directions of the said Acts, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for his or her Default in not causing to be produced proper Cloathing, a Sum equal to the Allowance estimated, or to be estimated by the General Meeting of Lieutenancy to be made to any Person for providing Cloathing, in respect of such Part thereof on which any Default shall have been made; and for his or her Default in not causing to be produced a Mare or Gelding fit for Military Duty, (and which shall be approved of as aforesaid,) a Sum equal to the Compensation settled or to be settled by the Deputy Lieutenants of the Division to be made to any Person ballotted to provide a Mare or Gelding in the Cale where such Person shall not have been possessed of any Mare or Gelding at the Time of the Ballot, or where the Mare or Gelding provided shall not be approved of; and for his or her Default in not causing to be produced proper Furniture for such Mare or Gelding, or for each of such Mares or Geldings, a Sum equal to the Allowance estimated, or to be estimated, by the said General Meeting of Lieutenancy to be made to any such Person for providing such Furniture according to the said Acts; which Sums shall be severally adjudged by the Deputy Lieutenants according to the said Acts, and assessed, levied, and paid in Manner herein directed. r'.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think it expedient, it shall be lawful to disband the embodied Provisional Cavalry of any County, Riding, or Place, and for that Purpose to cause the said Cavalry to be marched to any Place or Places within their respective Counties and Ridings, to be there discharged from actual Service; and every Person shall, at the Time of his Discharge, deliver up the Mare or Gelding, Arms, Furniture, and other Articles, which shall have been furnished under and by virtue of the said Acts, to such Persons as shall be appointed by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants to receive the same, such Part thereof as shall have been furnished by Individuals, in pursuance of the said Acts, to be received to the Use of the respective Persons furnishing the same, and the same shall be forthwith delivered to such and the same Persons respectively furnishing the same, if any shall be there attending at the Time of such Discharge; and the said Persons so to be discharged, whether such Persons shall have served as Principals from being appointed or ballotted for such Service in pursuance of the said Acts, or as Substitutes, and also the Persons appointed or ballotted, and who shall have provided such Substitutes as dient‘ aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding such Discharge, continue liable to perform the like Services whenever his Majesty shall think it expedient to order the Provisional Cavalry to be embodied, and shall in all Respects, after such Disbanding and Discharge, becon/idered as Persons enrolled in the said Provisional Cavalry, and liable from Time to Time to the like Services as any other Persons enrolled in the Provisional Cavalry are liable to, in virtue of the said former Acts or this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in such of the Counties, Ridings, or Places in which the Provisional Cavalry ra.fed therein shall not have been ordered to be embodied, all Persons enrolled therein, who shall, at any previous Muster, consent to receive the Bounty herein after mentioned, may be called out for the Purpose of being trained and exercised for such Space of Time, and at such Lime or Times in the Year as shall seem expedient to his Majesty; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty to cause the Men to be so trained and exercised by Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, under such Officers and Non-commissioned Officers as shall be appointed under the Regulations of the said A<Sls; and duiing such Time as and fuihjcftcidt<0

the Provisional Cavalry of any County, Riding, or Place, shall be assembled for the Purpose of being certain Particu. trained and exercised, all the Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and T hings, contained in any Act of Parlia- Urs. ment which shall be then in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their (Quarters, shall be in force with respect to the Provisional Cavalry so assembled, and

His Maj tftymay dlfband the embodied Provi-fioml Cavalry of any Place, and their Hotfes,

&c. shall be delivered up; but all Persons shall continue liable to serve when his Majesty shall think it expc-

Persons enrolled in Provisional Cavalry nor embodied, who shall consent to receive Bounty, may be trained,

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Persons enrolled, appearing at the Time and Place appointed far Exercise, shall be entitled to two Guineas above their Pay, which the Receiver General of the Land Tax shall pay to the Commanding Officer of Troops.

Notice of the Time and Place of Exercise fh, dl be sept by the* Clerk of the General Meeting to the Chief Constables to forward to the

Constables to affix it on the Church Doors, and the Provi-

to all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men of the same, in all Cases whatsoever, but so as no Punishment Shall extend to Loss of Life or Limb*

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled in the Provisional Cavalry of any County, Riding, or Place, who Shall appear at the Time and Place appointed for Exercise, according to the Directions of this Act, Shall be entitled to the Sum of two Guineas, over and above his Pay, to be allowed during the Exercise, and the Receiver General of the Land Pax for such County, Ricing, or Place, is hereby required, on Receipt of the Certificate of the Commanding Officer, of the Numoer of Men attending such Exercise, as herein after is directed, to pay to the Captains or Officers commanding Troops respectively, the said Sum for the Use of every Person of the Paid Cavalry so attending, and one Guinea of each Sum so received by any Captain or Officer commanding any Troop, or so much thereof as he Shall think proper, Shall be laid out in the Manner he Shall think moll advantageous for therel'pedive Persons of the said Cavalry, and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall forthwith pay the other Guinea of the said Money to the Persons respectively, and shall, before the Expiration of the Time appointed for such Exercise, account to such Person how the first-mennoned Guinea hath been applied and disposed of.

XL. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty Shall have appointed the Time or Times of afiemhlirg the Provisional Cavalry of any County, Riding, or Place, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised. Notice of the Time and Place of such Exercise shall be sent by the Clerk of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the said Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, with Di red ions to forward the same to the Constables, Tythingmen, Head-boroughs, or other Officers, within their rcfi>edive Jurisdictions, who respectively shall cause such Notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Tythings, or Places, or (where there Shall be no Church or Chapel) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tything, or Place thereunto adjoining; and all such Provisional Cavalry, being furnished with such Cloathing and Horse Furniture as isdireded by the said Acts, and also with a Mare or Gelding fit for Military Duty, shall attend at the Time and Place of Exercise according to such Notice.

fionai Cavalry, properly furnished, shall attend accordingly.

Provisional Cavalry may be billetted as the Militia.

Persons ordered to be trained may be ordered by his Majesty to be embodied.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to quarter and billet the Officers and Private Men

serving in the Provisional Cavalry, at the Times when they shall be called out to be trained and exercised, in such Houses and upon such Persons as the Militia may by Law be quartered and billetted during the Times of their annual Exercise. /r /'

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons enrolled as aforesaid, who shall not be embodied, but shall be ordered to be trained and exercised for the Time herein mentioned, whether such Persons shall attend such training and exercising or not, bs liable to be embodied whenever his Majesty (hill think fit; and that the Persons appointed or ballotted to provide for the Service required by the said Acts, in the County, Riding, or Piece, where such training and exercising Shall be ordered, shall at all Times, when not ordered to be so trained or embodied, also be liable from Time to Time to the like Services as any other Persons enrolled in the Provisional Cavalry are liable to in virtue of the said former Acts or this Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, within twenty Days from the passing of this Act, a sufficient Number of Officers respectively qualified in the Manner required by the Laws relating to the Militia, shall not be found to accept Commissions in the Provisional Cavalry, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to appoint for that Service any Officer or Officers of the Army, whether on Full or Half Pay, or any Person or Persons who have had Commissions in the Army or Militia, and have retired therefrom, or who have served in any of the Land Forces of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies> and who have either returned therefrom or are resident in Great Britain with the Leave of the said United Company, although not duly qualified as aforesaid, as to his Majesty shall seem fit.

If within a limited Time 3

sufficient Norn-h r of qualified Officers (Tull not be found, his Majesty may appoint Officers 01 the Ai my, or from it or the Militia, or East India Officer*, though not qualified.

Receiver General shall advanccany Money legally directed to be paid, and certify the same to the Commissioners for executing Cap. 41. of this Session, which ftuil be arteflKl as herein mentioned.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Receiver General to advance, out of any Monies in his Hands as such Receiver General, and pay to any Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, any Sum or Sums of Money directed to be paid on Account of the said Provisional Cavalry, either by the said Acts or this Act, on delivering to him or his Deputy a proper Certificate under the Hands of any two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, authorized to Act as Deputy Lieutenants in the Execution of the said Acts or this Act; which fever?! Sums so to be advanced by such Receivers General, they shall from Time to Time, as such Advances shall be made, cause to be certified under their respective Hands, or the Hands of their respective Deputies, to the Commissioners for executing an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Males, and Dogs, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof-, and all such Sums so certified shall, by force and virtue of such Certificate, be aiTefied on all and every the Persons liable to the Duties on Horses used for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any Carnages mentioned in the said Act of the present Session, in proportion to, and according to the Number of such Horses for which they shall respectively be charged by any Assessment to be made under and by virtue of the said Act of the present Session, (except the Persons composing any Clals, which shall, by Contract

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94.

or Agreement, defray and pay the \yhole or any Proportion of the Charges attending the Service required from such Class, as to all such Sums of which such Class shall have defrayed and paid its just Proportion as aforesaid,) which Assessments shall be made by adding the Proportion of such Sum so advanced to each Person’s Assessment of the Duties on PJorfes; and all Sums of Money already advanced by such Receivers General, or any of them, in pursuance of the said Acts, and not before assessed, shall, as soon after the passing of this Act as can be done conveniently, by virtue of the like Certificates, be a fie (led and levied in like Manner; and all such Sums as shall be so certified before any Assessment for the present Year shall have been signed and allowed, shall be added thereto at the Time of making such Assessment; and the Sums so afielTed shall be raised, levied, and paid, together with and as a Part of the Duties charged on such Horses; and in case any Certificate shall be transmitted by such Receivers General after the Assessments to be collected in the present Year shall be signed and allowed, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Division where such Assessments are made, and they are hereby required to amend the same, by adding the Proportion of such Sums tocach Person’s Assessment, and by amending the same accordingly; and the Sums so added from Time to Time shall be collected on the Days of Payment for the Year in which such Assessments shall be so amended, ensuing the Time and Times of making any such Amendments, by even and equal Portions, so that the whole Sums advanced by the Receiver General, and certified in Manner aforesaid, in any Year, shall be fully collected and reimbursed to the Revenue in the Year in which the same shall be so certified; ^nd all Assessments made or to be made after the Year when any Sum or Sums shall have been advanced by such Receivers General, shall be valid and effectual; and all such Commissioners, and Persons acting under them or by their Authority, in making such Assessments, or in collecting, paying, or receiving the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning ol this Act, shall be and are hereby freed and discharged, and indemnified from all Actions and Suits whatsoever, and from all Damages for whatever they shall do or cause to be done in pursuance of this Act, and for whatever they shall l*ive done or caused to be done, according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the like Allowances shall be paid to the Clerks to the Commissioners, and to the Collectors and Receivers, for the Monies assessed, collected, and received by them, in pursuance of the said Acts of the last Session or this Act, as they are entitled to out of the Monies assessed, collected, and received for the said Duties on Horses, and that such Allowances so made shall be deemed aa Advance made by the respective Receivers General, which they shall certify in the Manner before directed, and which shall be reimbursed to them out of the Monies to be addled, raised, and levied, by virtue of this Act, in the subsequent Assessment.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Sums of Money shall be adjudged by the Deputy Lieutenants to be paid to any Clerks, Constables, or other Officers, for their Care and Trouble in and about the Execution of the said Acts of the last Session of Parliament, or either of them, or of this Act, or to any of the Surveyors to be appointed to execute the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, or who have been appointed to execute any Act or Acts relative to the Duties on Houses, which were repealed by the said Act of the present Session, for their Pains and Trouble in executing the said Acts of the last Session of Parliament, or either of them, or this Act, which Rewards the said Deputy Lieutenants are hereby required to allow to the said Surveyors, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Acts with respect to other Officers, the same shall, after Payment thereof, be certified to the respective Commissioners before mentioned, who shall cause the same to be afielied, levied, paid, and received, as other Sums are hereby directed to be afiefled, paid, levied, and received.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Persons who shall have enrolled themselves subsequent to the fourteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or may enrol themselves before or on the first Day of August next, in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry raised or to be raised under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, voluntary to offer themselves at any Time on or before the said first Day of August next, to serve during the present War for any Subdivision of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Corps shall be formed, on the Conditions mentioned in this Act, ipstead of the Provisional Cavalry appointed to serve for such Subdivision; and every Person belonging to any Troop or Corps of Volunteer Cavalry already formed, or which shall be formed under the Authority aforesaid, at any Time before or on the said first Day of August next, (being, together with such Mare or Gelding as shall be furnished by or for him for that Service, first approved of in the Manner directed by the said Acts of the last Session of Parliament, or eicher of them,) may he enrolled in pursuance of this Act to serve during the present War, under the Command of such General Officer as his Majesty shall appoint, for the District in which such Corps shall be formed; and in every Case where the Number of Men so enrolled subsequent to the said fourteenth Day o{'January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or to be enrolled as aforesaid for any such Subdivision, shall, on or before the first Day of August next, amount to three fourth Parts of the Number of Men directed to be raised for the Provisional Cavalry of such Subdivision, the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Riding, or Place, shall forthwith certify the same to His Majesty's Privy Council, and the said Council are hereby empowered, in such Case, to cause the Men entolled in the Provisional Cavaliy of such Subdivision, by virtue of the said Acts, and also the Mares and Geldings provided for that Service, to be discharged by Proclamation or other wise, as the said Council shall think fit, and to suspend, within such Subdivision of such County, Riding, or Place, the further Execution of the said Acts of the last Session of Parliament, so far as respects the Service required by the said. 1 Acts,.

9l7

Money already advanced by the Receiver General shall be affcITed in like Manner.

If Certificate!

be transmitnd after the A (TclT-ments for the present Year shall be allowed, they shall be amended, and the Sums added collat'd.

Allowances to» be made to the Clerks to the Commissioners, and the Collectors and Re- 1 ceivers.

Rewards to Clerks, &c. (or their Trouble, shall be certified to the Commissioners, who shall cause the lame to be affelfed.

Persons enrolled

in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry, lince Jan. 14, 1797,-may offer, by Aug. 1, 1798, to serve during: the War for any Su ‘division of the County, on the Conditions mentioned in this Act, instead of the Provisional Cavalry;

and where the Number so enrolled shall, on or before Aug. 1, >798, amount to Three* fourths of the Quota of the Subdtv ifion, the same shall be certified to the

918

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Acts, in all Things except as to the affdTing, railing, levying,* and paying any Sum or Sums of Money, which the Receiver General for such County, Riding, or Place, shall have certified, or shall from Time to Time certify to have been advanced by him, in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act: Provided always, That no such Volunteer Corps shall be liable to be called out, except in case of actual Invasion, or of the actual Appearance of the Enemy on the Coast, or of the Danger of Invasion being deemed imminent, according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property, by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose, and under the Circumstances therein mentioned.

Privy Council, who may oider the Men and Officers of the Provision.il Cavalry to be discharged, &c.

Volunteer Corps to be called out only in case of Invasion, &c. under Provisions of Cap. 27. of this Session.

Volunteer Corps offering to serve ir.ftcad of the Provision .1 Cavalry, shall be entitled to an Allowance at the Rate of three Guineas per Ann. for three Years per Man, for providing C loathing, Sc c.

Sums advanced by the Receiver General shall be reimbursed by A fl! Ament.

Men may be enrolled before Aug. 1, 179S, in the Fencible Cavalry, and accepted in lieu of M<.n to be provided for the Provisional Cavalry, &c.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Volunteer Corps of Cavalry which shall offer to serve instead of the said Provisional Cavalry, in pursuance of this Act, uiail be entitled, on an Application in Writing being made by the Commanding Officer of such Corps to the Secretary at War, in the Manner to be hereafter mentioned, to an Allowance, after the Rate of three Pounds and three Shillings for each Person enrolled in the said Corps, per Annum, for three Years, to be applied in providing Cloathing and Accoutrements, and for Extra Expellees, unless such Corps shall have previously received the like Sum out of the Monies voted by Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Cloathing and Accoutrements for sundry Corps of Volunteer Cavalry for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or so much thereof as, together with the Sum received out of the said Monies, will make up the like Sum at the Rate aforesaid, which Sum shall paid in Advance by the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place in which such Corps shall be formed, on the Application in Writing of the Commanding Officer of such Corps, certified by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, to the Secretary at War, specifying the Dates of the Formation of such Corps, and the Enrolment therein of each Person for whom this Sum may be claimed, and of the Sum to which he may be entitled in pursuance of this Act, and Hating the Sums (if any) already received by such Corps out of the Monies voted by Parliament as aforesaid, which Certificate, being transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, with the Approbation of the Secretary at War indorsed thereon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Commissioners to direct the proper Receiver General to pay such Sums as may appear due by fjch Certificate,

XX. And be it further enacted, That all such Sums which any Receiver General shall advance to such

Volunteers in pursuance of this Act, shall be reimbursed by Assessment, within the Period of three Years, from the fifth Day of April next before the passing of this Act, in the Manner before directed; and that the Proportion of One-third of the whole Sum to be advanced, as nearly as a Computation thereof can be made, shall be levied ineach of the said three Years.

XXI. And be it further eoadled, That if any Person appointed to provide a Man or Men for the Service

of the said Provisional Cavalry, or any Person ballotted to provide a Man for that Service, or if the Persons composing any Class having agreed with each other to provide for such Service, shall, at any Time before the nrlt Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, produce or cause to be produced to the Commanding Officer of any Corps of Fencible Cavalry, raised to serve in Great Britain during the present War, or to any Officer appointed by his Majesty, or by such Commanding Officer, with the Approbation of his Majesty, one fit and able-bodied Man for each of the Men so directed to be provided, who shall cause himself to be enrolled to serve in such Fencible Corps of Cavalry within Great Britain during the present War, then the Service of such Men so enrolled shall be accepted in lieu of the Service required by the said Acts; and the Persons appointed or ballotted to provide for such Service, and also the Class agreeing to provide for such Service, shall, on the Certificate of such Commanding Officer or Officers, to be ap( olnted as aforesaid, of the Enrolment of such Fencible Men, be discharged from any further Service under the said Acts, either by providing any Men or Cloathing, or by furnishing any Mares or Geldings, or Furniture for the same, and also from any Charge or Expence to be incurred in respect of the said Provisional Ca\ airy, at any Time after the Date of such Enrolment} and if any Person shall be charged with any Sum or Sums of Money incurred after the Date of such Enrolment, it shall be lawful for him or her to appeal therefrom, in like Manner, and under the like Terms and Conditions as such Person may by Law appeal from any Overcharge in any Assessment of the Duties upon Horses. - ABB* '

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person offering himself to serve in any Fencible Corps of

Cavalry, in lieu of the said Provisional Force of Cavalry, shall take the same Oath as may have been taken by the Private Men of the Corps in which he may enter; which Oath may be administered by any one Deputy Lieutenant or Justicecf the Peace in any County, Riding, or Place, where such Person Hull be enrolled. i Si

Persons offering

to serve in the Fencible Cavalry shall take an Oath, which may dc admini-ftertd by a Deputy Lieutenant or Justice. If in any Place

the Provisional Cavalry flwil not be discharg-cd before or on ^-ffingthis Ail,

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if in any of the Counties, Ridings, and Places aforesaid, the Provisional Force of Cavalry raised therein by virtue of the said Acts, shall not be discharged in pursuance of this Act, before or on the passing of this Act, no greater Allowance shall thenceforth be made to any Person or Persons towards discharging the Expences of providing any Mare or Gelding for that Service, chan shall be allowed by the Lieutenant and two Deputy Lieutenants, or by three Deputy Lieute-

14: nants.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94. 919

rants, at a General Meeting of Lieutenancy to be held for that Purpose, and that such Allowance shall in no no more than

Case exceed the Rate of two Shillings weekly in respect of each such Mare or Gelding. as. per Week

t i, shall be allowed for each Horse.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled to serve in the said Provisional Force of

Cavalry raised by virtue of the said Acts, shall, when ordered out to be embodied, leave a Family unable to support themselves, (or shall, when ordered out to be trained and exercised, be compelled to leave his Home, having a Family unable to support themselvesj the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Place where the Family of such Person shall dwellj shall, by Order of someone Justice of the Peace, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Tything, or Place, pay to such Family the following weekly Allowance; (that is to say,) A Sum not exceeding one Shilling for each and every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of ten Years, and a Sum not exceeding one Shilling for the Wife of the Person so enrolled and serving as aforesaid, whether he shall or shall not have any Child or Children; and in every Parish, Tything, or Place, where the Money arising by such Rates shall not be sufficient for the Purpose aforesaid, a new Rate shall be made from Time to Time for railing Sums sufficient for that Purpose.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have provided a Mare or Gelding for the said Service, who at the Time of the Order made for providing such Mare or fielding shall not have had any Mare or Gelding fit for Military Service, which shall have been accepted, and if in consequence of such Refusal such Person shall have provided and kept an additional Mare or Gelding'beyond the usual Number

Weekly Allowance out of Poor Rates to be paid to the Families of Provisional Cavalry Men when embodied or leaving Home to be trained.

kept by, and then actually charged upon him or her, then such Person shall be exempted from any Charge or A/leflrnent on Account of such additional Mare or Gelding to any Rate or Duty imposed by any Acts nowin force, either for granting to his Majesty any Duty on Horses, or to the additional Duties

eflment on Account of such additional Mare or Gelding to any Rate or Duty imposed by any Act or

1 f a Person has kept an additional Horse for Military Service, he shall be exempted from Duty lor him.

granted to his Majesty by an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and such Person shall be liable to be charged to the said Duties in respect of the Horses, Mares, or Geldings kept by him or her, exclusive of the Mare or Gelding so provided for the said Service.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Provisional Cavalry shall be embodied, all the Duties granted by the Acts before-mentioned, in respect of the Mares or Geldings provided for that Service, fhatt cease from the Day of Payment next after the Date of the Order for embodying the same; and every such Exemption shall continue in force during the Time of the Cavalry being embodied.

the Day of Payment next

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners for executing the said several Acts shall cause the Assessments inrespecl of any Mares or Geldings provided for the said Service, to be rectified according to the Directions of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall have found, or shall hereafter find a Substitute in the said Provisional Cavalry at any Time, with the Consent of two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, a&ing for the Subdivision in or for which he shall have so found such Substitute, to change such Substitute, and procure another Person to be enrolled in lieu of such Substitute, and thereupon the Person previously enrolled as a Substitute shall be discharged from the same; and every Person so enrolled in lieu of the Person discharged as aforesaid shall be duly cloathed and accoutred, and serve in the said Provisional Cavalry, in like Manner as the former Substitute would otherwise have been cloathed and accoutred, and have l’erved in the same.

The Duties for Horses provided for the Provisional Cavalry shall ccafe from after embodying.

A He Aments to be redlifted.

Substitutes may be changed.

PUBLIC

920 C. i—vii. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

Cap. i.

An Act to amend two Acts made in the thirty-first and thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Ma- 31 Geo. 3. jesty for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints within the Town and County of the I Ctrl) of Southampton.

[10th December 1707.]

33 GEO. 3.0.101. 1 J

Cap. ii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, one pasted in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second f, and the other in the sixteenth Year of His present Majesty %, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Tadcaster to Holton Dyaly in the West Riding of the County of York.

[12th January 1798.]

f c. 22. } c. Sa.

Cap. iii.

An Act for extending the Time limited for determining a Lottery, established under the Authority of an §c. 133. Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign §, intituled, An Act for enabling

Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of Modern Paintings y as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet-Street, by Way of Chance.

[23d February 1798.]

C. 53. and see 1 Geo. 2. c. 4.

24 GEO. 2. C. 14.

Cap. iv.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one made ami passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seven-reenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Lttdty through Harcivoody to the South-West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate% and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley over Eurage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Borough-bridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moory in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the South-West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborough) to £oroughbridge.

[9th March 1798.]

Cap. v.

An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty ||, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond’s Eau and Somerftiam Bridge; and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives; and a If0 the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through Needing worth, to Earith, in the County ^/Huntingdon.

[9th March 1798.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and amending the Powers of two Acts respectively made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Penrith to Chalk Becky with a Branch from the fipd Road, upon Cajllefowerly Pasture, to Caldbecky all in the County of Cumberland.

[5th April 1798.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hilly in the Parishi of Henjieldy to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmstone to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling,"in the County of Sussex'y and also for repairing and widening the Road from Ubley's Farm, in the Parish of Hu'fiper-pointy to the Marie Pit opposite to Newtimber Broad Lane, in the said County.

[5th April 1798.]

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. viii, ixr.

921

Cap. V"U

# A * *5 .» ^,r, ^r\7^w^ \

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Combe Bridge, through IVinJJty and Bradford to Staverton, and the Road from Bradford Bridge to Cockhill Gate, and the Road from the Bottom of Majons Lane, near the Town of Bradford, all in the County of fVilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the County of Somerset, and also several other Roads leading from or near the said Roads, in the said County of Wilts, and for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the same County.

[5th April 1798.]

[On the Trustees to be appointed under this Act proceeding in its Execution, two former Acts respecting the Road are repealed.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumfries, to continue in force until the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money j and applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the said County.

[5th April 1798.]

U 17 Geo. 3. c. 706. repealed." ,

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons chargeable with Statute Labour within the said County, shall hereafter pay a Conversion in Money, or Composition in lieu of such Statute Labour, to the Collectors to be appointed by the said Trustees for receiving the same, according to the Rates following; videlicet. All Occupiers of Land, whether Heritors or Tenants, shall be liable to pay yearly a Composition in Money for the Lands occupied by them respectively, according to the valued Relit of such Lands, not exceeding the Sum of twelve Shillings Sterling for each hundred Merks of such valued Relit.

XLV.4 And whereas the above Rule for Payment of the said Composition Money will not properly apply to the Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs o\' Dumfries, Annan, Lochmaben, and Sanquhar, and of the Villages

/writs TT/l / / /»Vf / ft j* / A/»v» T/i A * »9 It 1 if nnn i/I> tm nf o /> U <->r* \ I 1 T \ 11

For converting the Statute Labour of the whole County into Money.

Conversion for Burghs and Villages.

- 1 diiu i UIK.11U1 a <ji an nuuiw wiium me mm ivuy <u jjuigus uuu v iiugeji, or Wlulin any other Village or Villages erected or to be erected within the said County of Dumfries, and the Occupier and Occupiers of any House within the said County of Dumfries, not having any cultivated or profitable Land adjoining thereto, and the Tenants and Possessors of the Borough Roods, lying within the Territory of the said Royal Burghs, shall, in the Place of their Statute Labour, pay yearly a Composition, not exceeding one Shilling Sterling for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the \ early Relit is thirty Shillings Sterling and under three Pounds Sterling: A Composition, not exceeding two Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling House occupied by them, whereof the Yearly Relit is three Pounds and under seven Pounds Sterling: A Composition, not exceeding three Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling House occupied by them, whereof the Yearly Relit is seven Pounds and under ten Pounds Sterling: A Composition, not exceeding four Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling House occupied by them, whereof the Yearly Relit is ten Pounds and under fifteen Pounds Sterling: A Composition, not exceeding five Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling House occupied by them, whereof the Yearly Relit is fifteen Pounds and under twenty Pounds Sterling: A Composition, not exceeding seven Shillings Sterling for

evprv

mf rr twenty-five

cry Dwelling

AnA Pounds Sterling;

3 ^ornP°"tlon» not exceeding ten Shillings Sterling, upon every Dwelling House occupied by them whereof the Yearly Relit is thirty Pounds Sterling and upwards: And at a Rate, not exceeding Three-Sterling, on every Pound Sterling of the Real Relit of the Burgh Roods so pofletled by them: Which th, c*ments or Conversions shall be diminished, in the said Proportion that the aforesaid Assessments on the valued Rents shall be diminished in each Parish as hereafter mentioned: And for that Purpose the said

rhU r S’ or any ^ve or more of rhem, at their first General Annual Meeting, or some Adjournment creof, and yearly thereafter, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to nominate and appoint vvo or more Aflc/Tors for each Burgh, Village, or District, within the said County of Dumfries, who, in ourteen Days after their Appointment, shall yearly return, upon Oath, to the Clerk to be appointed' as icreinalter mentioned, a List of the Occupiers of the said Houses and Lands, and Persons keeping Carriaee r oaddJe Horses, and a full Account of the Rents of the said Lands where the same are in Tenantry or a ue thereof where they are in the natural Possession of the Proprietor, or where the Relit payable by’the fhf<nant Cannot Covered: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any

P^vl»r.mrreii°^ them» to relieve such Persons as they shall know to be in indigent Circumstances from the rayment of all or any Part of the said Composition.

FI0" rcf\tCmgtoa« as an A(Tessor, to forfeit 5 I. §46. Trustees to choose a Clerk, and Collectors of

38 GEo°lii +7‘ "erit0rs to£lve *n Accounts of the Valuation of Lands, £*<. §48. The County to

Powers to Trustees to re. lieve Personi in indigent Cir-' ciimftwurs.

6 C

be

922

Ascertaining the Composition for Statute Service for Horses kept for Hire, and Men employed with such Hoiks.

C. ix—xv. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

be divided into eight Divisions. The Money raised in each Parish to be applied within the same. §49*

Trustees to fix the Rate of Conversion yearly. §50."

LI. And be it enacted, That all Carters, Carriers, and other Persons keeping Horses for Hire and Labour, residing within the said County, shall, by way of Composition for Statute Service, pay at the Rate of three Shillings yearly for each Plorfe, and one Shilling and Sixpence yearly for each Man employed with such Horses, notwithstanding that they may occupy Lands or Houses within other Counties through which they are in use to travel in the Course of their Employment: Provided always, that so far as the said Carters, Carriers, and other Persons so keeping Horses for Hire or Labour, shall relit and occupy any Lands, and shall be afieffed in Quality of Tenants or Occupiers for the said Lands, they shall be entitled to a Deduction out of such A fie Ament, to the Extent of the Rate or Composition to which they are hereby madefub-jed in respect of their Horses, and Men employed with such Horses.

Appeals not to (lop Payment of the Conversinns. §56. Conversions to be recovered by poinding (di- draining) Goods of Persons refilling to pay. §57.H

Cap. x. i { 1 vMfr I l

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament! the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge\ and also the Road leading from Cirenccfitr towards Bi/ley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hilly all in the County of Gloucester.

[5th April 1798.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall9 to the Town of Rochdale j and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called BJfes of the Bamy to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called Bejfes of the Barn to Radcliffe Bridge] and also the Lane called Sheepfoot Laney in the Township of Prejhuich; all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[5 th April 1798.]

[Two former Acts of 28 Geo. 2. and 14 Geo. 3. repealed.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for enlarging for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester^ towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester.

[5th April 1798.]

Cap. xiiL ft B

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of two Acts made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the Top of Crick ley Hilly in the County of Gloucester, to Frog Alilf through the Towns of Northleachy Burford\ and Witney, and Parishes of Hawlborough and Bladony to Cambsfield in the Parish of Kidlingtoriy in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Campsjieldy to the Turnpike Road at or near ErJJow Bridge, in the said County of Oxford.

[$th April 1798.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Otfcy at Newhaveriy in the County of Sussex.

[$th April 1798.]

Cap. xv. *.v

An Act for enlarging the Powers of the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh.

[5th April 1798.]

41 Charter under the Great Seal of Scotland, 19th October 1681, incorporating the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh, recited; as also an Act of the Parliament of Scotland 1693, confirming the Charter; and a Charter or Letters Patent by his present Majesty, under the Great Seal of Scotland, #4 dated Aug. 16, 1777, all of which are confirmed. Entry Fees increased to 111. Sterling and annual

Fees to 9 s. Sterling: to be applied as former Fees under the Charters and Ad. Entrance Fees to be

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. xv, xvi, xvii. 923

paid by Persons entering into the Company after having commenced Business two Years, to be increased after the Rate of 1 A 10s. per Annum, from the End of such two Years to the Time of their entering. The Company may admit other Persons therein, on Payment of a Fine, not less than 25 A Company

Pi

not to compel any Person to enter.*

Cap. xvi.

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town and Port of Hythey and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

[5th April 1798.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glass, originally established under an Act pafl in the thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which is now expired.*—{7th May 1798.]

4C Recital of the former Act of Incorporation, 13 Geo. 3. c 38. That the Company expended their Capital of 60,000 A in establishing the Manufactory; and borrowed 67,535l. 8 r. more for carrying on 4t the same. The Company compelled to fell their Property for Payment of their Debts. The Purchase made for the Benefit of several Persons who carried on the Manufactory under the Act until its Expiration, and since as a private Company. That the Mam.fadory is beneficial to the Public, and it is expedient that the Proprietors should be incorporated for a limited Term. The present Proprietors incorporated and enabled to hold Lands and Tenements not exceeding 10O0A per Annum. The Pro* perty of the present Company vested in the new Corporation. Capital not to exceed too,000 A including the present Property. Interest to be paid till Profits can be divided. Proprietors to vote at 4C Meetings according to the Number of Shares held by each, in Person or by Proxy. If two or more " Persons shall jointly hold Shares, the first named shall vote. If Votes are equal, Amount of Property to u decide; and in case of Equality of Property, the Chairman to have a calling Vote. At the first General Meeting a Governor and Deputy Governor shall be appointed. General Meetings to be held annually, on the second Tuesday in March. Qualifications of Governor thirty Shares* Deputy Governor twenty Shares, and Committee Men ten Shares. If the Governor, Deputy Governor, or any Committee Man shall die, resign, &c. another to be chosen. No Choice of Governor, Deputy Governor, or Com-4C mittee Man, but by seven or more Members having a Right to vote in respect of 200 Shares. If Governor and Deputy Governor shall both be prevented attending General Meetings, the Committee Man 4< possessed of the larged Number of Shares to preside. Proprietors at General Meetings may settle Ae-4C counts. Company may make Bye Laws, tAc. at their General Meetings. Weekly Meeting of the " Committee every Tuesday (or other Day appointed by a General Meeting); three mud be present. 46 Questions to be decided by a Majority, the Governor, &c. having in all Cases of equal Division a 44 cading Vote. Committee to be subject to the General and Special Meetings. Special Meeting of the Proprietors may be convened by the Committee or five Proprietors. Orders and Resolutions of General " and Special Meetings, &c. to be entered in Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Books, and all ci Accounts, iffc. of the Company, to be open to the Inspection of the Proprietors. Shares may be fold. " Form of Transfer of Shares; and an Entry made thereof in the Company’s Books. No Proprietor in this Corporation to hold any Intered in any other Plate Glass Manufactory*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit the Seal of the said Corporation hereby condituted, or any Deed or Writing under their Common Seal, or shall demand any Money in pursuance of such forged or counterfeited Deed or Writing, either from the said Corporation, or any Members or Servants thereof, knowing such Writing to be forged, with Intent to defraud the same Corporation, or any other Person or Persons whomsoev^r, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof in due Form of Law, shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as a Felon.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, by Day or by Night, break

into any House, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place or Building, or by Force enter into any House, Shop, Cellar, V?ult, or other Place or Building belonging to the said Manufactory, or wherein the same shall be then carrying on, with Intent to deal out, break, or otherwise destroy any Glass, wrought or unwrought, or any Materials, Tools, or Implements used in, for, or about the making thereof, or any Goods or Warts belonging to the said Manufactory, or shall deal, or wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or otherwise destroy any such Glass, Materials, Tools, or Implements, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for seven Years, or shall be adjudged to suffer such less Punishment as the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, shall think fit to award. f JB

Fines and Forfeitures to be levied and recovered by Didress, for the Use of the Corporation. Limitation of Actions six Months. Treble Costs. C<

<4 sent of a Majority confiding of seven hundred Shares, on fi;

poration may dissolve themselves, by C01 Months Notice in the Gazette, paying

Dch

Forging the Company'sSeal, kc. made Felony.

Stealing or de-Aroying the Glass, Materials, or Tools, Felony, punishable by seven Years* Transporution, or such less Punishment as a Court shall award.

924

*34 Geo. 3-c. 90* 36 Geo. 3. c. 44.

C. xvii—xxv. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

w Debts, l$c. Act to continue twenty-one Years from the Date of its passing and to the End of the then

u next Session. Public Act."

Cap. xviii.

An Act to vary the Line of the Rennet and Avon Canal authorized to be made by two Acts passed in the thirty -fourth and thirty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty *, and also to extend the Powers of, and to amend the said Acts.

[7th May 1738.]

Cap. xix.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Enlarging and Improving the Harbour of Leith.

[7th May 1798.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth and thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for Making and Repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, by Muirkirk, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and other Roads communicating therewith; and the Road from the Village of Gorbals, and New Bridge of Glasgow, by the Chapel of Cambufang, till it joins the Road from Hamilton by Burnhank towards Eaglesham in the County of Renfrew, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Dalmarnock or Farmc Ford.

[7th May 1798.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from near Dinzuoodie Green, in the County of Dumfries, to

or near Elvanfoot, in the County of Lanark.

[7th May 1798.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Whistle Bridge in the Partfh of Barwick, in the County of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Charminster, in the County of Dorset; from the Cross in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of Dorset; from Furze Moor Gate, in the Parish of Broadwinfor, to Lenham's Water, in the Parish of Bcaminster \ from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of Beaminster, to the Dorsetshire Inn, in the Parish of Woolcombe; and from the Town of Brampton, to the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset.

[7th May 1798.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the Road from Huddersfield to Penistone.

[7th May 1798.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth.

[7th May 1798.]

[See 30 Geo. 3. c. 109.; 34 Geo. 3. c. 129.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for making a-new Road or Street from Frecschool Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, and from thence through Hickman's Court, otherwise Rose Court, to Lilliput Hall Bridge in Bermondsey; and for enlarging, for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Terras and Powers of three Acts, passed in the twenty-second Year of His late Majesty Ring George the Second, and in the seventh and thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the same, and other Roads adjoining.

[7th May 1798.]

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C

XXXIII.

92s

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing of the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and

Places, in the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham; and for removing the Market for Butchers Meat in the said Town; and for regulating the said Market; and for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Pavinge g/'Newarke upon Trent, in the Countie ^Nottingham.

[10th May 1798.]

[The Act of Elizabeth is hereby repealed.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act to continue for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session c<f Parliament, two Acts, severally passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Harnham Hilly near the City of New Strum, in the County of Wilts, to an Intrenchment on Asherwell Hill, in the County of Dorset; and from the Index Post on the Side of Harnham Hillaforesaid, to a House called Masler Baker's Farm House, in the County of Wilts.

[10th May 1798.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for continuing for twenty -one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Cirlijle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.

[10th May 1798.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, or Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the Newcastle-under-Lyme Canal to the Canal of Sir Nigel Bowyer Grejley Baronet, near the Town of Newcastle-under-Lymey and also another Branch of Canal, or Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the said last mentioned Canal, at or near Apedale, to certain Coal and other Works, all in the County of Staffords.

[26th May 1798.1

Cap. xxx.

An Act for extending the Neath Canal Navigation, and for amending an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *, for making the said Canal.

[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty +, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near toy the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester.

[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, tonnish and complete the lame, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose T, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers.

[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between Beilby Lord Bishop of London, Thomas Wood Esquire, Sir John Frederick Baronet, and Arthur Stanhope Esquire, Sir John Morjhead Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert Thistlethwayte Esquire, and Selina his Wife, and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[26th May 1798.]

T After Recital of Cap. 83. of the Private Acts 35 Geo. 3. enabling the Bishop of London to grant Building

Leases of Lands in Paddington to the said T. fvoody Sir J. Frederick, and A. Stanhope, their Executors or

Trustees; the Provision in the said Act for allowing the Bishop and his Leflces to treat with the Company

for leafing Lands to them, in order to extend a Branch from the Canal in the Precind of Norwood in Mid-

dlesex, to the Edgware Road, Paddington> in pursuance of Stat. 35 Geo. 3. c. 43.; Articles of Agreement,

dated Feb. 22, 1798, between the Bishop, and the gther Parties named in the Title of the Ad 3 (which Ar-

'. W 9 tides.

c. 85.

t c. 59

% 31 Geo. 3.

C« S4.

33 GeOt 3-c.ai

926

3* Geo. 3.

c. iso. 3^000.3.0.150.

C. xxxiii—xxxviii. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

tides refer to the original Act 33 Geo. 3. c. 80. for making the Canal: Andfee also 35 Geo. 3. c. 8.;) It is enatledy that the said Artides of Agreement shall be, and the same are ratified, confirmed, and established.]

[Public Act.]

u Bishop of London to be a Party in all Leases. $ 2. Company authorized to carry the Agreement into u Execution, by building Wharfs, Warehouses, &c. making Roads, &c. and by supplying Water to the ct Inhabitants of Houses on the Lands demised, as also to such Inhabitants of any other Houses now erected " or to be erected in Paddington Parish, or the Parishes and Streets adjacent, as may agree with the Com-c< nany for that Purpose. §3. Company empowered to lay Pipes in the Streets in or about Paddington " Parish and the Parts adjacent, to convey the Water. §4. Certain optional Regulations respect’ing Water u Pipes to (land ppright, &c. S C Powers given to the Company, by 33 Geo. 3. Cap. 80. extended to this w Act. §6. The Company retrained from making any new Cut, &c. §7. The Company empowered to raise Money, not exceeding 150,000l. §8. Rents payable to the Bishop of London and his Lessees to 4C be preferred to all other Demands on the Company. % 9. Rights vested in the Mayor and Commonalty of London not to be prejudiced. §10. Expences of this Act, the Agreement, Leases, to be paid by u the Company. $ u»" u SmS 1mm

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepu/cbrey in the City of London; and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish.

[26th May 1798.]

[By §41. of this Act, Power is given to the Trustees under the Act to punish the Parish Poor who shall refuse to work, or who shall swear, or otherwise misbehave themselves, " either by moderate Correction, Confinement, distinguishing them in Dress, Diet, or such other Method as may best tend to remedy such Offences."—*By §42. reciting that Part of the Rules of the Fleet Prison are situate within the Parish, and that Prisoners and their Families, being Parishioners, have become chargeable to the Parish, it is cnafltdy that Prisoners shall not gain a Settlement by renting Houses, or being rated to the Poor j nor their hired Servants by their Residence in the Parish.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and County ^Bristol, end County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard and Par. fonage Housey within the new Parish.

[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from

Me New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow^ by Bathgate, to BaillieJlony in the County of Lanerk? and certain Branches of Road from the (kid Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned therein.

[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for more effectualljr repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Maltony and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle Housey in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid.

[26th May 1798.]

[Former Acts, 25 Geo. 2. and 9 Geo. 3. repealed, and this Act to take place instead.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for continuing for twenty* one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His fate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of Winteiflow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the Weft Comer of Saint Anne’s Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Test wood,* to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton; and the other passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powors of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Romsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to Lyndhurjly and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton, and for repairing the Footways within the said City.

[26th May 1798.]

5 '

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. xxxix—xlvi. 927

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, ami from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts made in the thirty-fecoud Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road trom Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Dudley Hill, through Beckwithshaw, to* Kilting hall, and from Beckwithshaw to the South-west Corner of Harrogate inclosures, in the County of York.

[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Bradford, through Adwalton, to Wakefield^ in the County of York.

[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Hey wood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place called The Land's End, in the Parish of PreJhj'tch, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, the other in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to CJjilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the same relate to the Abingdon District of the said Roads therein mentioned.

[26th May 1798.]

[See pojly Cap. lxv, as to the Oxford District.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for continuing fof twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts of the second and twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Colley Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-eighth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, and of the fourth and twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh; and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North EJk, and the Water of Leith, in the said County.

[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for paving the Footways, and for deanfing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other

public railages and laces* within the Town of Tv incanton, in the County of Somerset\ and for re* moving and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

[1st June 1798.]

See 14 Geo. 2. c. 35.; a8 Geo. a* c. 39.} 4 Geo. 3. c. 86.; 29 Geo. 3. c. 105.

928 C. xlvii—liii. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

C. 117.

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for amending and enlarging die Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln; and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, to join the said River Dunn, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding.

[1st June 1798.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for repairing the Roads from the Stone Pillar upon Alconbury Hill, to Wansford Bridge \ and from Norman Cross to the South End of Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon \ and for repealing certain Acts relating thereto.

[1st June 1798.]

[The former Acts are all repealed, and the Debts contracted on the Credit thereof secured by this Act.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and amend the Powers, of three Acts passed in the twenty-second and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wan ford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid to the Market Cross in the Town of Bourn, in the said County of Lincoln, and from the North End of Stanford Bridge to Scotgate, both in Stanford aforesaid.

[1st June 1798.}

Cap. l.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seventeemh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the eighteen Mile Stone, beyond If^illoughby Hedgey through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Lane in Kilmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate, on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset; and also for altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads communicating therewith.

[1st June 1798.]

Cap. li.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County.

[1st June 1798.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for continuing for twenty* one Years, and from thence to the End of the-then next Session of Parliament, the Term of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Doncaster to the Turnpike Road which leads from Bauutry to Retford, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, and for amending the said Act.

[1st June 1798.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the - Maypole in the Town of Henfield, over Poynings Common, to the Town or Brigbthelm/loney and from Poynings Common aforesaid to High Cross, in the Parish of Albourney and from thence for the Distance of two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, and from the Marie Pit near the Bottom of Saddlescomb Hilly in the Parish of Newtimbery to the Marie Pit fronting Nezutimber Broad Lane% in the same Parish, in the County of Suffe#\ and also for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twinel)amy unto Herring's Clappers, in the Parish of Twineham, in the said County.

[1 kjunc 1798.]

1 rraj

929

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. liv, lv.

Cap. liv.

An Act for further continuing for thirty-eight Years the Term granted by an Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, and Places adjacent, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending the said Act.

[21st June 1798.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, c An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof \ and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

[21st June 1798.]

WHEREAS it has been found necessary that certain additional Regulations should be made, and further Powers given for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in the Statute, made in

the thirty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty frft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. u An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof and to punish Per-

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of Great Britain. in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as requires and directs that every Baker and other Person making or who shall make Bread for Sale within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall prepare, and leave or cause to be left, weekly, before the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of every Monday, at the Cocket Office in the Mansion House, in the said City, an Account, in Writing under his Hand, of all such Meal and Flour, for the Purpose of making Wheaten Bread, as shall have been bought by such Baker or other Person in the Course of the Week, next preceding such Monday, shall be, and is hereby repealed; and instead thereof, be it enacted, That every Baker and other Person making or who shall make Bread for Sale within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall, and is hereby required to prepare and deliver, or cause to be delivered, weekly, on every Saturday, at the Cocket Office in the Mansion House aforesaid, with the proper Officer there, a true and particular Account, in Writing under his Hand, of all such Meal and Flour made of Wheat as shall have been bought by such Baker or other Person within the Term or Space of the seven Days next preceding such Saturday, for the Purpose of or fit for making Wheaten Bread; and that every such Account so hereby required shall specify, particularly, and in Words at Length, the Street, or other Place or Places, and Parish or Parishes, wherein such Baker by or for whom the same shall be so delivered shall then dwell and carry on his Business, the Names of the respective Sellers of such Meal and Flour made of Wheat, the respective Quantities and Sorts thereof, and the several and respective Prices at which the same shall have been really and truly fold; and shall be in the following Form, or to the like Effect \ (that

is to say,);

An ACCOUNT of all the Meal and Flour bought by A.B. of in the Parish of from Saturday to Friday both inclusive, for the Purpose of or fit for making Wheaten Bread,

Day of the Month. Sellers Names. Number of Sacks. Sorts of Meal and Flour.

| 4 / -

a I 00

To what Purposes applicable.

Prices

fxr

Sack.

Total

Amount.

£. s. d.

18 Geo. III

6 D

And

0

0

37 Geo. 3. c*9&» recited.

§ 6. of the said Act, requiring Bakers, within certain Limits, to leave at the Cocket Office, every Monday, an Account of Meal and Flour bought by them, repealed 5 and in Head thereof, they shall leave, every Saturday, an Account in the following Form t

Form of Weekly Account,

s

93°

Time of Delivery of Accounts.

Clerk of Cocket Office to provide Blank Forms of Accounts, and no others shall be used, Scc.

Vakers who have not purchased any Meal or Flour within the preceding seven Days, to deliver in an Account as herein specified.

9. of recited Act, preferring the Oath to be taken byBaktrs, repealed j and the Oath following to be taken.

Oath.

C.lv.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

And that every such Account so hereby required from any Baker or other Person making or who shall make Bread for Sale within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall be fa as aforesaid prepared and delivered before the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the F orenoon of the Saturday whereon the same is to be delivered, and every such Account hereby required from any Baker or other Person making or who shall make Bread for Sale, without or beyond the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, but within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall be so as aforesaid prepared and delivered before the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Saturday on which the same is to be delivered.

II. And be it also enacted, That, for enabling and compelling the Laid Bakers and other Persons to prepare such last mentioned Weekly Accounts more accurately, there shall be, from Time to Time, provided by the Clerk of the Cocket Office, and kept at the said Office, a sufficient Number of printed Forms of such Accounts, with Blanks ready to be filled up, similar to, or to the like Effect as the Form hereinbefore prescribed for the same Weekly Accounts, and that all such Bakers and other Persons from whom such Weekly Accounts as last mentioned are hereby required, shall, at all proper and seasonable Times, on Application to the said Office, be supplied With such and so many of the said printed Forms, as they reflectively may stand in need of, on paying a reasonable Price for the same, not exceeding the Rate of one

Shilling and Sixpence per Hundred; which printed Forms so to be provided and obtained as last mentioned, shall alone be mide use of by every such Baker and other Person for every every such last mentioned Account shall be marked and distinguished by such particular Letter and Number,

to be printed or written at the Top of every Weekly Account to be delivered by every such Baker or other Person, as the proper Officer for the Time being at the said Cocket Office shall mention and direct in that Behalf, and so as that such Accounts may be distinguished, not only by the proper Names of the Bakers or other Persons who shall have prepared the same, but also by particular Letters and Numbers to be allotted to them respectively, and so as that each Weekly Account of one of such Persons may be marked and known by A. 1, of another by A. 2, of a third by A. 3, and so on in a regular progressive Series of Numbers, up to A. 100, beyond which B. 1, B. 2, B. 3, et cetera, are to be used for the like Purposes up to B. too, and so on in like Manner alphabetically throughout the whole Alphabet, if need be, each Letter being used for an hundred Persons only, and that jointly with Numbers from Number 1 to Number 100 inclusive.

III. And, for preventing the unnecessary summoning and molesting of Bakers in the Case next herein after mentioned, be it also enacted, That when any Baker or other Person from whom Weekly Accounts of

Days next preceding any Saturday, buy any ] Bread, then and so often as the Case shall ha

the Meal and Flour to be bought by him are hereby required, shall not, for the Term or Space of seven

for the Purpose of or fit for making Wheaten ppen, every such Baker or other Person, not having during such seven Days bought any such Meal or Flour as last mentioned, shall and is hereby required, upon ttos said Saturday immediately following the same seven Days, to prepare and deliver, instead of such Weekly Account as aforesaid, and at such Time and Place as is hereinbefore directed concerning such Weekly Account, one of the printed Forms hereinbefore directed to be used for such Baker’s Weekly Accounts, containing the proper Letter and Number at the Top thereof, and the Word None" written in the Column intituled Number of Sacks," and specifying particularly, and in Words at Length, the Street or other Place or Places, and Parish or Parishes, wherein such Baker or other Person shall then dwell and carry on his Bufinefe, and otherwise filled up in a -sufficient Manner, and signed by such Baker or other Person. '

IV. And be it also enacted, That so much of the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as prescribes the Oath or Affirmation thereby directed to be taken by Bakers or other Persons making, or who shall make. Bread for Sale, and the Manner of administering such Oath or Affirmation, and as inflicts a Penalty on Bakers and other Persons omitting to take the same, shall be, and is hereby repealed j and that instead thereof, every Baker making, or who shall make, Bread for Sale within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall, within one Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, or within one Calendar Month from the Time when he shall begin to make Bread for Sale within the Limits aforesaid, take the following Oath, or (being one of the People called Quakers) affirm, as herein after mentioned j (that is to

fcyj

‘ r A.B. do swear: [or affirm,] That the Accounts which I shall hereafter deliver, or cause to be delivered, A at the Cocket Office in the Mansion Housey in the City of London^ of and concerning the Meal or Flour 4 (made of Wheat) which henceforward shall be bought by or for me, shall, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, contain the whole Quantity, and no more, of the Meal or Flour (made of Wheat) really and tiuly bought by or for me, within the Period to which such Accounts shall respectively refer, with the Name> of the Sellers or Persons of whom the same shall be bought, and with the just and true Prices respectively, without Collusion under any Pretence whatsoever, and shall be, to the best of my Judgment, conformable in all other Respects to the Directions of an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, made in the thir

Act to

(4

ty seventh Year of 1 Act made in the

lajeitj

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 4t An Act to amend and render more effectual an thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Steend, intituled, An Act for the due

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C.lv.

making of Bread, and to regulate the Pi ice and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, F lour, or Bread, so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof and within the JVeekly Bills of Mortalityand within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange 5" and I do further swear, That I will not use, or cause to be used, any Allum or other < pernicious Ingredients in the making of Bread or Rolls to be sold by me.*

Which Oath (or Affirmation) the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, (whether such Baker shall reside within the said Lord Mayor’s Jurisdiction or not,) or any other Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Baker shall reside, is hereby authorized and required to administer," upon being duly applied to for that Purpose, and to grant a Certificate thereof, to be registered in the Town Clerk’s Office of the said City, and every such Oath or Affirmation shall be so administered, certified, ^nd regftered, without any P'ee or Reward to be demanded or paid for the same 5 and in case any Person shall carry on the Trade and Business of a Baker, or shall make Bread for Sale within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, without taking the said Oath, or affirming as aforesaid, conformably to the Directions of this Act, every such Person so offending shall, on being convicted of such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That the General Return or Account, by the said Act of the thirty-

seventh Year of his present Majesty directed to be prepared every Monday by the Meal Weighers of the City of London, or by such other Persons as the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City shall appoint, of and concerning the Quantities, Sorts, and Prices of Meal and Flour made of Wheat, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be prepared from and by Means of the Weekly Accounts of xMeal and Flour hereinbefore directed to be delivered as aforesaid; and every such General Return or Account shall contain the Quantities, Sorts, and Prices, and Average Price, of all such Meal and Flour made of Wheat, as shall have been bought by the Bakers and other Persons making Bread for Sale within the said City and Liberties, and Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, within the Term or Space of the seven Days next preceding the Saturday which shall have last elapsed at the Time of preparng such General Return or Account, or the Quantities, Sorts, and Prices, and Average Price, or so much of the same Meat and Flour as shall be mentioned in the said Weekly Accounts of Meal and Flour for those seven Days -only.

VI. And be it likewise enabled. That if any Baker or other Person making, or who shall make. Bread for Sale within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality.‘or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, or any Meal Weigher of the City of London, or other Person or Persons who, in pursuance of the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, or of this Act, shall be appointed by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City to certify and return the Quantities and Brices of Meal and Flour made of Wheat, shall in any wise neglect, omit, or refuse to make, deliver, or leave, a^y such Account or Return, or printed Form filled up and signed as aforesaid, as is by this Act required or directed to be made, delivered, or left by him, her, or them respectively, according, to the true Indent and Meaning of this Act, or shall designedly or knowingly make, deliver, or leave, or cause to be made, delivered, or left, any false Account or Return, or printed Form filled up aifd signed as and for any such Account or Return as is required by this Act; or if any Constable or other Peace Officer shall refute ornegledl toobserve or obey any Warrant in Writing which shall be delivered to him, under the Hand and Seal of any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, or to do any other Act requisite to be done by him or them, for carrying this Act, or any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, into Execution; then every Person so offending in any of the Premises shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall beacon vicled, shall think fit and order.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Baker or other Person making, or who shall make. Bread for Sale within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall at any Time corruptly, or in order to evade this Act, have or receive, directly or indirectly, of or from any Person of whom he shall have bought, or shall intend to buy, any Meal or Flour, any Allowance, Payment, or Gift in Money, or otherwise, by way of lessening the Price or Cost of such Meal or Flour, or so as thafr the actual Cost thereof shall be thereby in reality or virtually made less than what shall in such Weekly Account as aforesaid be set forth as the real Price of the same Meal or Flour, then and in every such Cate, as well every Person so corruptly making, allowing, or giving such Allowance, Payment, or Gift, aslaft mentioned, as also every Baker or other Person so having or receiving the same, shall for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

VIII. And whereas, by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An ASlfor granting to his Majesty additional Duties on £Wf, the Price of that Article is materially increased, by reason where- of the Bakers would be considerably injured, if some Allowance were not made to them on Account of such additional Duties ;* be it therefore enacted, That, from Time to Time, when and so often as the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, shall, in setting the Assize of Bread in Execution of the said Act of the thirty-teventh Year of his present Majesty, and of this present Act, think proper to use or be guided by the Average Price of Wheat, they or he shall,

Lord Mayor or a Justice to administer the Oath, and tO-granta Certificate, to be registered in the Town Clerk’s Office.

5I Penalty for making Bread without taking the Oath, &c.

Rrturn required

by $ z. of recited Act to be prepared every Monday by the Meal Weighers, shall be prepared from the Weekly Accounts of Meal and Flour, and shall contain certain Particulars.

Penalty on

Bakers and Meal Weighers for not making Rerurns, or making false ones, and on Peace Officers for Neglect of Duty.

Penalty on

Bakers for receiving, and on Persons felling Meal or Flour, forgiving any Allowance foas that the Cost shall be made less than Ifated in Weekly Accounts.

Cap. 43. of the Public Acts of this Session,

p. 755,)

recited [Andlte

c. 6x- />. 8*1.)

In setting the Assize of Bread, §d. per Quarter to be added*

932

the Average Price of Wheat, and 4d. per Sack to the Average Price of Flour, as an Allowance for the additional Duty on-Salt.

When the Average Price of Wheat or Flour returned does not agree with any of the Prices specified in the Table annexed to 37 Geo. 3. c. 98. an Account of the Differences to be kept at the Cocket Office till they amount to half an A f-lize, and then the next Assize to be set accordingly.

Such Parts of any Acts as im-pose a Penalty on Bakers not

warkingheaves,

repealed within certain Limits, and such Loaves to be marked as herein specified.

Penalty for Neglect.

No Baker to be liable to Penalty for Deficiency in Weight of Bread, unless ascertained within z4Hpurs after baking.

No Baker or other Person to

C. lv. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

immediately before fitting such Assize, while such additional Duties on Salt shall continue, but no longer, add to what shall, by Means of the then lad General Return or Account of Wheat, appear to be the then Average Price per Quarter of Wheat tit for the making of Wheaten Bread, the Sum of Five-pence on Account of the said new Duties on Salt, foas to increase such Average Price Five-pence per Quarter; and shall then, in setting the Assize of Bread, make use of such ir.creased Average Price or Surp in (lead of the real Average Price, in such and the same Manner, in all Respects, as if the same were the real Average Price of Wheat, according to the then last General Return or Account of Wheat; and that, from Time to Time, when and so often as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Lord Mayor, shall, in letting the Assize of Bread in execution of the same two A 6b, think proper to use or be guided by the Average Price of Flour, they or he shall, immediately before setting such Assize, while such additional Duties on bale shall continue, but no longer, add to what shall, by Means of the then last General Return or Account of Meal and Flour, appear to be the then Average Price per Sack of Flour, fit for the making of Wheaten Bread, the Sum of hour-pence on Account of the said new Duties on Salt, foas to increase such Average Price Four-pence per Sack, and shall then, in setting the Assize of Bread, make use of such increased Average Price or Sum instead of the real Average Price, in such and the same Manner, in all Respects, as if the same were the real Average Price of Flour, according to the then last General Return or Account of Meal and Flour made of Wheat.

IX. And whereas in setting the Assize of Bread in Conformity to the Directions of the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it frequently happens that the Average Price of Wheat or of Flour returned does not agree with any of the Prices specified in the Table affixed to the said Act from which the Assize of Bread is directed to be set, and the Assize is then set from the Price in the said Table nearest the said Average Price returned, by reason whereof the Assize and Price of Bread is at Times higher than by the said Act is intended, to the Injury of the Public, and at other Times not so high, to the Injury of the Baker for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That whenever there shall be any Difference between the Average Price of Wheat or of Flour returned, and the Price from which the Assize of Bread shall be set, the Amount of such Difference of Price shall be entered in a Book to be kept at the Cocket Office aforesaid for that Purpose; and when and so often as it shall appear that upon such Differences being added together they amount to a sufficient Sum, either in Favour of the Public or of the Baker, to make a Variation in the Price of Bread of Half an Assize, then and so often the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, if the said Court shall then fit, and if such Court shall not then fit, then the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being shall, and they or he are or is hereby required to make such Addition to, or Deduction from, the Average Pi ice of Wheat or of Flour returned, and in setting the then next Assize of Bread, either to lower or to raise the same one Half an. Assize, as the Case may require, accordingly, as the Difference between the Average Prices of Wheat or of Flour returned, and the Prices from which the Assize shall have been set, appears to have been in Favour of the Public or of the Baker.

X. And be it further enacted, That such Part or Parts of any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore

made, whereby a Penalty or Penalties is or are inflicted on Bakers neglecting to mark their Loaves as thereby directed shall, as to Bakers making, or who shall make. Bread for Sale within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange^ but not further or otherwise, be, and the same is or are hereby repealed; and that every Person making, or who shall make. Bread for Sale, within any of the same last mentioned Limits, shall, from Time to Time, cause to be fairly imprinted or marked on every Loaf of each respective Sort of Bread which he, she, or they, shall make or sell, or carry out or expose to or for Sale, the Roman Letters herein after mentioned; that is to say, Upon every Loaf of Bread which shall be made, sold, carried out, or expoied to or for Sale as Wheaten Bread, a large Roman VV.; and upon every Loaf of Bread which shall be made, sold, carried out, or exposed to or for Sale as Household or Brown Bread, a large Roman II.; and that every Person who shall make for Sale, or shall fell, carry out, or expose to or for Sale, within any of the same last mentioned Limits, any Loaf of any Sort of Bread then allowed to be made in pursuance of any Actor Acts of Parliament, and which shall not be marked pursuant to the Directions of this Act, so as that it may on the View thereof be ascertained from Time to Time under what Denomination or Sort of Bread every such Loaf was made, and ought to be weighed, (except as to Loaves which shall be ralped after the be-('peaking or purchasing thereof by the particular Desire of any Person who shall order the same to be so rasped for his, her, or their own U/e or Uses,) shall for every Time tie, she, or they shall offend in the Premises, and be thereof c6nvicted, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding five Shillings, nor Ids than one Shilling, for every Loaf of Bread not marked as hereby is directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Baker or other Person making, or who shall make Bread for Sale within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall be liable to any Punishment for or on Account of any Bread which shall be found deficient in Weight, nor shall the same be liable to be seized by reason of fi. h Deficiency, unless the Weight thereof be duly ascertained within twenty-four Hours after such Bread shall have been

baked. 1 Q.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Baker or other Person or Persons who shall ask, demand, or

take> for any Bread which he, she, or they shall sell, or expose to or for Sale, within the City of London,

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. Iv.

or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, any greater or higher Price than such Bread shall be ascertained to be sold for or at, by the Court, Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justices, authorized by the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, or otherwise, to set the Price and Assize of Bread within their respective Jurisdictions; and that no Baker or other Person who shall make any Bread for Sale within the same City or Liberties, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall refuse or decline to fell any Loaf or Loaves of any of the Sorts of Bread which, in pursuance of the same last mentioned Act, and of this Act, or of any other Law, shall be allowed or ordered to be made, to any Person or Persons who shall tender ready Money in Payment for the same, at or for the Price such Bread, by the Assize which shall have been set in respect thereof, shall be fixed at, or ascertained to be sold.for, when any such Baker, or other Person who shall make Bread for Sale within the said Limits, shall have any Loaf of any such Bread in his House, Bakehouse, Shop, or Possession, to be sold, more than shall b? requisite for the immediate necessary Use of his own Family or Customers, and which it shall be incumbent on such Baker or other Person who shall be complained of for refusing or declining to fell any such Bread, to prove, before the Magistrate or Magistrates, justice or Justices, to whom any such Complaint shall be made, if thereunto required by the Party or Parties who shall make any such Complaint, upon Pain that every Person who shall be convicted of any such Offence, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think lit and order, every Time he, she, or they shall so offend, and be convicted.

XIII. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That no Person shall fell, or offer to Sale, within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, any Bread of an inferior Quality to Wheaten Bread, at a higher Price than Household Bread shall be set at by the Assize, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, a Sum of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XIV. And be it also enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, and also for any Peace Officer or Peace Officers, authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices* (and which Warrant any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Juf-ticcs* is and are hereby empowered to grant,) at seasonable Times, in the Day Time, to enter into any House, Shop. Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, Outhouse, or Ground, of or belonging to any Baker, or other Person making, or who shall make Bread for Sale, within the said City, or Liberties, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange» and to take with him or them, to his or their Assistance, one or more Master Baker or Bakers, and to search and examine whether any Allum or other Ingredient shall have been mixed up with or put into any Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread, in the

Possession of any such Baker or other Person, whereby any such Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread, is or shall be in any wise adulterated, and also to search for Allum, or any other Ingredient which may be intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration or Mixture; and if, on any such Search, it shall appear that any such Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread, so found, shall have been so adulterated by the Person in whose Possession it Hull then be, or any. Allum or other Ingredient shall be found which shall seem to have been de-polited there in order to be used in the Adulteration of Meal, Flour, or Bread, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Officer or Officers authorized as aforesaid, respectively, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to seize and take any Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread, which shall be found in any such Search, and deemed to have been adulterated', and all Aiium and other Ingredients and Mixtures which shall be found, and deemed to have been used or intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration as aforesaid, and such thereof as shall be (eized by any Peace Officer or Officers authorized as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Speed after Seizure, be carried to some Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within whose Jurisdiction the same shall have been io seized; and if any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the i'e-tce, who shall make any such Seizure in pursuance of this Act, or to whom any Thing so seized under the Authority of this Act, shall be brought, shall adjudge that any such Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread, so seized, shall have been adulterated by any unwholesome or impro|>er Mixture or Ingredient put (herein, or shall adjudge that any Allum or other Ingredient or Mixture so found as aforesaid, shall have been deposited or kept where so found for the Purpose of adulterating Meal, Flour, or Bread, then and in any such Case every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, is and are hereby required, w.i'hm the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to dispose of the same-as he or they, in his or their Discretion, shall, from Time to Time, think proper.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Baker or other Person making, or who shall make, Bread for Sale within the said City or Liberties, or the Weekly Pills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, in whose House, Shop* Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, Oiithouse, Ground, or Poftl-ffion, any Allum or other Ingredient or Mixture shall be found, which shall, after due Examination, be adjudged by any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, to have been depufited there for the Purpose of being used in adulterating Meal, Fluur, or Bread, shaft, on being convicted of any such Offence,

i., A fT I) either

933

ask more for his Hread than the set Price, nor to refofe to fell to any Person who shall tender Payment for Loaves in his Possession, more than nectlfuy for the immediate Use of his Family or Cuf-tomers.

Penalty for Offence.

Penalty for selling Bread inferior to Wheaten at a higher Price than Household.

Magistrates or Peace Officers by their Warrants, may, at seasonable Times, search BakersPrcniifcs, and if any adulterated Flour, Bread, fcc. be feund, it may be fe'zed and disposed of.

Penalty on Bakers in whose Premises shall be found any In. gredients for adulterating Flour, &c.

934

Penalty for obstructing any Search, or the Seizure of any Flour, &c. or Ingredient to adulterate it.

If any Baker shall make it appear that any Offence for which he shall have paid Penalty, shall have been occasioned by the wilful Default of a Servant, the Magistrate may order his Servant to make Recommence, &c»

f7.lv.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

either by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay on every such Conviction, any Sum of Money not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, or shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some Prison of the County, City, Borough, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, from the Time of such Commitment, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall think fit and order (unless the Party or Parties charged with any such Offence shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, who shall find or seize any such Allum or other Ingredients or Mixture, or before whom the lame shall be brought, that such Allum or other Ingredient or Mixture was not nor were' brought or lodged where the same was or were found or seized with any Design or Intent to have been put into any Meal, Flour, or Bread, or to have adulterated therewith the Purity of any Meal, Flour, or Bread, but that the same was or were in the Place or Places in which the same shall have been so found or seized as aforesaid, for some other lawful Purpose); and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause the Offender’s Name, Place of Abode, and Offence, to be published in some Newspaper which shall be printed or published in or near the City of London or the Liberty of Westminster^ and to defray the Expence of publishing the same out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, if any shall be so forfeited and shall be paid or recovered.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any such Search as hereinbefore is authorized to be made, or the Seizure of any Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread, or of any Allum or other Ingredient or Mixture which shall be found on any such Search, and deemed to have been lodged with an Intent to adulterate the Purity or Wholesomeness of Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread, or shall wilfully oppose or resist any such Search being made, or the carrying away any such Allum or other Ingredient or Mixture as aforesaid, or any Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread, which shall be seized as being adulterated, or as not being made pursuant to this Act, he, she, or they so doing or offending in any of the Cases last aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay such Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person making, or who shall make, Bread for Sale within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall at any Time make Complaint to any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or their Jurisdiction, and make appear to him or them, by the Oath of any credible Witness, that any Offence which such Person shall have been charged with, and for which he or she shall have incurred and paid any Penalty under the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, or this Act, or any other Act concerning the Assize and Price of Bread, shall have been occasioned by or through the wilful Act, Neglect, or Default, of any Journeyman or other Servant employed by or under such Person so making Complaint, then and in any such Case any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, may and is or are hereby required to issue out his or their Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or respective Hands and Seals, for bringing any such Journeyman or

Servant before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace acting in and for the County, City, Division, or Place, where the Offender can be found; and on any such Journeyman or Servant being thereupon apprehended and brought before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, he or they, within his or their respective Jurisdiction, is and are hereby authorized and required to examine into the Matter of such Complaint, and on Proof thereof, upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, who (Iiall hear such said Complaint, then any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby directed and authorized by any Order under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to adjudge and order what reasonable Sum of Money shall be paid by any such Journeyman or Servant to his Mailer or Mistress, as or by way of Recompence to him or her for the Money he or (lie shall have paid by reason of the wilful Act, Neglect, or Default, of any such Journeyman or Servant; and if any such Journeyman or Servant shall neglect or refuse, on his Conviction, to make immediate Payment of the Sum of Money which any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall order him to pay by reason of such his said wilful Neglect or Default, then any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within his or their respective Jurisdiction, is or are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Journeyman or Servant to be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or lorne other Prison of the County, City, Division, or Place, in which such Journeyman or Servant shall be apprehended or convicted, to be there kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month from the Time of such Commitment, as to such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall seem reasonable, unless Paymentihall be made of the Money ordered alter such

'Commitment, and before the Expiration of the said Term of one Calendar Month.

c

935

Persons for-swearing them-selves guilty of Perjury.

Certain Provisions of 31 Geo. 2. c. 29a to extend to this Act.

The Privilege* -

of the present Laws relative to making of Bread, &c. to extend to Per-

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. lv, lvi, lvii.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take any Oath by this Act directed to be taken, or be examined on Oath by virtue or in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully forswear himself or herself, or shall at any Time afterwards wilfully break any such Oath, every such Person shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted as for Perjury, by Indictment or Information, according to due Course of Law, and if convicted, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties which Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XIX. And be it also enacted, That the Clauses, Provisions, and Directions contained in the Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter the twenty-ninth, for empowering Magistrates to hear and determine Offences against the said Act in a summary Way, and summon and examine Evidences, and convict Offenders, and for recovering Penalties, and otherwise punching Offenders-, and for authorizing Persons thinking themselves aggrieved to appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and the Clauses and Directions in the same Act contained for protecting and indemnifying Magistrates and other Officers under the said Act, shall respectively (except in the Cases herein otherwise provided for and directed) extend and relate to this present Act, and, so Lr as the same are applicable to the Purposes of this Act, shall be exercised for putting this Act in Execution, and for enforcing the Provisions and Directions thereof, in such and the same Manner as if the lame several Clauses were herein contained and at large re-enacted.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Magistrates and other Persons whoinloever, shall be entitled to and have all such other the Privileges, Protections, and Indemnifications, in all Respects whatsoever, for what they shall lawfully do in putting this Act in Execution, as they are entitled to and have by the Laws already^ enacted, and now in being, relative to the making of Bread, and felling or exposing the same to or for Sale, for putting the said Laws in Execution.

Tons putting this Act in Execution.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari, Letters of Advocation or of Suspension, shall be No Certiorari; granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this Act. &c J?be8r*ntc<*

- 0 r to remove Proceedings.

XXII. Provided also, and be it likewise enacted, That no Person shall be convicted of any Offence under Limitation of this Act, unless the Information in order for such Conviction shall be exhibited within fourteen Days after Aaions*

the Offence committed, except in Cases of Perjury; and that no Person who shall be prosecuted to Con- p"fonsconyift«-

viction for any Offence done or committed against this Act, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the same Offence under any other Law.

XXIII. And be it also enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, or such of them. Application of

or so much thereof respectively a* are not or is not hereinbefore directed to be otherwise applied, shall, when Pcn*lhes.

recovered and paid, go and be disposed of in such and the same Manner as in and by the said Act of the

thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty isexpressed and directed concerning the Penalties inflicted determined by that Act. 1 jS.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prejudice any Right or Custom of the City of London, or the Practice there used, or any Right or Custom of any Lord or Lords of any Leet, to set, inquire, and punish, the Breach of Assize of Bread within their respective Leets, or Views of Frankpledge, or the Rights of any Clerk or Clerks of the Market in any Place-, s

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Directions, Regulations, Powers, and Authorities of this Act, shall commence and take place, and be had, done, executed, and performed, immediately from and after the second Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, unless, otherwise especially directed by this Act.

Cap. lvii.

Act not to prejudice the Rights of the City of London^ 8cc.

[Commencement of Act.]

An Act for continuing, until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from*’ thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf c. aj* Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock

Holey in the County of Middlesex.

[21st June 1798.]

Dock and Limehouse

An Act for incorporate

Cap. lvii.

Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Light-houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain [21st June 1798.]

3eo. 3. c. 52, recited. Commissioners for exe-

TI

ic purchasing Lands,.(sta §1. Commissioners may retain f* and of this Act, $ 2, rublic Act, §3."

C. lviii.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Cap. lviii.

An Act for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the Holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster \ and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County to hold an Annual General Session, and also a Special Session, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[21st June 1798.]

WHEREAS the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster have been for divers and very many Years last past usually holden at the Towns, Places, and Times, and in the Manner following; (that is to say,) The first Quarterly Session, commonly called The Epi phany Session, at Lancaster on Tueflay in the first Week next after the Fealt of the Epiphany, according to the orefent Style or Computation of Time used in this Kingdom, by Adjournment at Preston on the Thursday following, by further Adjournment at Jk'tgan on the Monday following, and by further Ad journment at Manchester on the Thursday Sevennight (but now and of 'late Years on the Wednesday Sevennight) after the Commencement of the said Session; the Second Quarterly Session, commonly called The Easter Session, at Lancaster on the Tuesday next after Low Sunday, by Adjournment ox Prcjhn on the Thursday following, by further Adjournment at Ormskirk on the Monday following, and by further Adjournment at Manchester on the Thursday Sevennight (but now and of late Years on the Wednesday 1 Sevennight) after Low Sunday; the Third Quarterly Session, commonly called The Midsummer Stjfon, 4 at Lancaster on the Tufday in the first Week next after the Feast of the Translation of Saint Thomas the Martyr, commonly called Thomas d Beckett, by Adjournment at Preston on the Thursday following, by 1 further Adjournment at Ormskirk on the Monday following, and by further Adjournment at Alanchjler on Thursday Sevennight (but now and of late Years on the Wednesday Sevennight) next after the Commencement of the said Session; and the Fourth Quartet ly Session, commonly called The Michaelmas Session, at Lancaster on the Tuesday in the first Week next after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, 41 by Adjournment at Preston on the Thursday following, by further Adjournment at IVigan on the Monday following, and by further Adjournment at Manchester on the Thursday Sevennight (but now and of late Years on the Wednesday Sevennight) after the Commencement of the said Session; and have so continued to be holden, to the great Benefit of the County at large, and the convenient Administration of Public Justice: And whereas, in Addition to the said four General Courts of Quarter Sessions so holden by Adjournment as aforesaid, it has been found expedient that a General Sessions of the Peace should be annually holden at a central and convenient Place in the said County Palatine, for the Purpose of iranf- acting the General Business of the County at large: And whereas the Town of Preston bci: g such central and convenient Place in the said County, a General Session of the Peace, called The Epiphany Session, hath been for some Years last past annually holden there for the Purpose aforesaid, by Adjourn- meat from Manchester to the said Town of Preston, to the great Convenience and Advantage of the County at large: And whereas the Legality of the said Adjournments of the said General Courts of Quarter Session hath been attempted to be called in question: And whereas it is expedient that all Doubts regarding the Legality of such Adjournments should be removed: And whereas it is expedient, that in the Lieu and Stead of such Annual General Session, called The Epiphany Session, so now holden by Adjournment from Manchester to Preston as aforesaid, a General Session for the said County Palatine should be annually holden on the Thursday next after the Feast of Saint John the Baptist, for the Purposes here- inafter mentioned; and that the holding of the same, as well as the holding of a Special Session for the Purposes in that Behalf also herein after mentioned, Should be fully established and confirmed; but such Doubts cannot be effectually obviated, nor the holding of the said Court of Annual General and Special Session be fully and effectually established and confirmed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: 4 May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted,* t5?c.

General Quarter Sessions originating, at Lancaster, and all Adjournments adjudged to be legal and valid. 44 §1. Justices empowered to hold an Annual General Session at Preston, §2.; at which is to be trans acted exclusively all Public Business of the County at large. §3. But the Gaol not to be removed from the Castle of Lancaster. §4. In cale of Vacancies in the Public Offices, in the Nomination of the Justices, idc. the Salaries of which are payable out of the County Rates, oc in case of any unforeften Accident, a Special General Session may be assembled upon previous Advertisement by the Clerk of the Peace, of the Nature of the Business intended to be brought forward at such Special Session. $ 5. In case of Non-attendance of the Justices or their Neglect or Refusal to adjourn, the lame to be deemed to be adjourned to the next usual Place of holding. §6. Quarter Sessions authorized to levy such Rates as

the Annual General Session empowered ates. §8.4 Expences of the Act to be paid out of the County Rates. § o. Rights of the Corporation of Lancaster not affected by this Act. § to#

[Public Act.]

" ii.m

shall be made at the Annual General Sessions. §7. 44 to increase the Treasurer's Salary out of the County

8

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. lix, lx, lxi.

Cap. lix.

An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleaning, lighting, and regulating the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Avenues leading into the same; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions. therein.

[21st June 1798.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for making and maintaining a new Sewer, upon Little Tower Hill, within the County of Middlesex.

[21st June 1798.]

WHEREAS there has been from Time immemorial a common and public Sewer, Drain, and Watercourse, under Little Tower Hill, within the Liberty of the Tower of London, and within the Toiuer Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, called Tower Hill Stiver, which receives the Waters from the City Sewer, at the Extent of the Liberties of the City, near George Yard, and conveys them across George Yard and Tower Hillaforesaid, and discharges them into the River Thames, near Iron Gate Stairs: And whereas by the great Increase of the Number of Inhabitants, and of the Buildings and Manuficlories in the Neighbourhood, a much greater Quantity of Water has been thrown into the said Sewer than was formerly, and the same has lately been blown up, and upon a Survey such Sewer appears not to be sufficiently capacious to carry off the Waters, and a new Sewer of gicater Dimensions is abfo- lutely necessary to be made; but the Commissioners of Sewers acting for the Tower Hamlets, (excluding Saint Catharine's and Blackwall Marsh,) within whose Jurisdiction such Sewer runs, have not, under the General Law of Sewers, sufficient Power to make such new Sewer May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, lAc.

[Public Act.]

Commissioners of Sewers to cause a new Sewer to be made, and kept in Repair. §1. Justices and Commissioners may cause any Part or Parts of the present Sewer to be repaired. §2. Commissioners may borrow Money not exceeding 6000l. for the Purposes of the Act by Assignment of the Rates. $ 3. Or may borrow the Money by Annuities. §4. Securities to be entered in Books. §5. Purchasers of Annuities to be secured therein. §6. Securities may be assigned. $ 7. Monies borrowed, and Annuities granted, to be charged on the Rates. §8. Justices and Commissioners may assess Sewer Rates on Three-fourths of the Rack Rents; to be levied 3S under the General Law relating to Sewers. §9. Tenants to pay Rates. §10. Owners of Premises let to different Tenants, to pay the Rates. §11. Dead Walls, Meeting Houses, &c- to be afiefled. $ 12. Agreements between Landlord and Tenant not affected. §13. Commissioners of Sewers may compound for Rates. §14. and may alter Rates. §15. Salaries to Officers. $ 16. Sewers and Materials uled in and about the same, vested in Commissioners, by the Name of The Commissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets, exclusive of St. Catherine's and Black-wall MajJh. §17. Courts of Sewers, when neccirary, to be summoned by the Clerk to the Commissioners. §18. Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form. $ 19. Proceedings of the Commissioners to be deemed Originals. §20. General Laws of Sewers to remain in full Force within the Tower Hamlets. §21. Five Commissioners to be a Quorum, S 22. Limitation of Actions; four Months Notice. Tender of Amends. Double Costs. §23. Monies raised to be applied in paying the Expence of the Act and the Principal and Interest of Money borrowed. §24. §25."

Cap. lxi.

An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *, intituled, An Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for waking a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphan's Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes.

[21st June 1798.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for 35 4 making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphan's c*

Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes \ the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, were empowered (among other Things) to make a convenient

Street, Way, or Pattage, from Temple Bar aforesaid, to the East Ends of IVych-Street and Holywell Street, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, by erecting Dwelling Houses or other Buildings, so as to form a straight Line from the North End of Temple Bar to the North East Cor- ner of IVych Street aforesaid, and by faking down all the Houses and Buildings between such straight Line and the South Side of the Street called The Strand, and leaving the Ground then covered therewith open,

938

Common Council empowered to widen the Strand from George’s Coffee House to Arundel Street:

And for that Purpose to purchase certain Premises on the Che South Side of the Strand;

and to cause Houses, &c. to be taken down;

and to build, other Dwelling Houses, Scc.

Certain Ground to be conveyed to the Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint Cement Danes, whereon the Common Council are to build Vestry Rooms, &c.

C. lxi. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

for the Accommodation of the Public, and were thereby a!so empowered to take down the Parish Church of Saint Clement Danes, and rebuild it in a different Position, if they should think the same necessary or cx- pedient for the Purpose of widening and improving the Street on the South Side of the said Church, and to fit up some other Place within the said Parish for the Performance and Hearing of Divine Service, in- Head of the said Church, until the same should be rebuilt; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons,

in Common Council assembled, were thereby also empowered to borrow and raise, in the Manner therein expressed, the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Fund called The Orphan's 4 Fund, to be applied to the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas considerable Progress hath been made in carrying the said recited Act into Execution: And whereas the taking down and rebuilding of the said Parish Church of St. Clement Danes would be attended with much unnecessary Expence, Inconvenience,

and Delay, which might be avoided, and a sufficient Enlargement of the Street on the South Side of the said Church effected, by permitting the said Church to remain in its present Situation, and taking down certain Houses on the South Side of The Strand aforesaid, and at the West End of the Place called Saint Clement's Church Tardy whereby a considerable Saving of Expence would be made, and the Communica- tien between the Cities of London and Westminster greatly improved, and rendered commodious; but as the same cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament,’ Therefore, upon the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to widen, and render more commodious, the Way or Passage along and through that Part of the said Street called The Strand, which extends from the West Side of the House called George's Coffee House to the North End of the Street called Arundel Street, in the Parish of Saint Clement' Danes aforesaid; and for that Purpose to treat and agree for and purchase all the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate on or near the South Side of the Strand, from the said House called George's Coffee House, to Arundel Street aforesaid, and being within the Distance of one hundred and twenty Feet in Depth, Southward, from the Front or Fronts of any of the Houses immediately adjoining upon that Part of the South Side of the Strand; and also to treat and agree for and purchase all the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate on or near the West End 01 Side of Saint Clement's Church Tard aforesaid, between the Strand and Holywell Street aforesaid, and on the North Side of the Strand, from the South West Corner of the said Church Yard, and on the South Side of Holyzvell Street, from the North West Corner of the said Church Yard, now or late in the several Occupations of Miss Curtisy Master Haycs, Master Stilfoxy Master Lambert, Master Filtsy Mils IVichens, and Master Hobson, or such and so many of the same Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall deem necessary or expedient to be purchased; and upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon for such Purchase or Purchases, or as shall be adjudged or assessed in the Manner herein after referred to and expressed in the said recited Act, to cause such Houses and other Buildings, or such or so much thereof as they shall deem necessary, to be taken down, and the Ground whereon such Houses and Buildings now {land, and the other Ground so to be purchased, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be laid open, so as to make a commodious Way or Passage round the said Church, and also to erect and build such and so many Dwelling Houses and other Buildings round the South and North Sides anil West End of the said Church, leaving a public Way or Passage, not less than fifty Feet in Width, between the intended Railing to inclose the Church, and the Fronts of such last mentioned Dwelling Houses or other Buildings, according to such Plan or Plans, and of such Dimensions, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit and direct. f

The Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster empowered to sell and convey three Houses near the Weft Corner of Essex Street, to the Corporation. §2. The Purchase Money whereof is to be paid to the Receiver General of the Duchy, and applied under 19 Geo. 3. r. 45.—§ 3. Essex Chapel and the Crown and Anchor Tavern not to be purchased without the Assent of the Owners. §4. Occupiers of Houses on the South Side of the Strand not to be dispossessed until an equal Number of Houses shall be erected and covered in on the North Side. §5-"

VI. And whereas, for the avoiding of Uncertainty and Dispute, it is proper in case the Buildings now called and used as the Vestry Rooms and Alms Houses of and belonging to the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, (which Vestry Rooms are also used as Court Rooms for the Duchy of Lancasterfi should be taken down in Execution of the said recited Act, that the Scite of the Buildings intended to be erected and built instead thereof should be distinctly marked out, and not subject to any Variation or Alteration, unless by the mutual Aflentof the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and the said Inhabitants of Saint Clement Danes, in Vestry assembled ;* be it therefore enacted, That before the said Adayor, Aldermen, and Commons, shall take down any Part of the said Buildings now used as the Vestry Rooms and Court Rooms of the said Parish and Duchy, or the said Alms Houses, the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, shall, at their own Costs and Charges,

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. Ixi.

to be paid out of the Fund arising by the said recited Act, fully and effectually convey and assure, or cause or procure to be conveyed and allured, unto the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, and their Successors, (who shall and are hereby declared to be a Corporate Body for such Purpose,) in Trust for the Use of the said Parish, the Freehold and Inheritance of and in all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate on the North Side of and adjoining to that Part of the intended new Street or Passage from Temple Bar to JVych Street, which will be neaily opposite to the North West Corner of the said Parish Church of Saint Clement Danes, and extending inLcngth from the Front of the intended Buddings (coform Part of the Circus) on the North Side of the same Street or Paflags, home to the South Wall ot Clement's Inn Hall, and being in the Front, and also at the Rear, and every other Part thereof, not less in Width than the Vestry Rooms and Court Rooms now belonging to the said Parish; and that on the Front of the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, where it will adjoin the said intended Circus, Street, or Passage, there shall be erected and built, at the Expence of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to be paid out of the Fund arising under the said recited Act, a good and sufficient Building or Buildings, of not less Dimensions than the present Vestry Rooms and Court Rooms, to be used as Vestry Rooms and Court Rooms for the said Parish and Duchy*, and upon the Rear or Back Part of the said Ground, or under such Part of the said Building as can be conveniently used for such Purpose, (after allowing a Way the Width of the said Ground, to the Burial Ground herein after mentioned,) there shall also be erected and builr, at the Exnence of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to be pa d as aforesaid, proper Alms Houses for the Use of the Alms Women of the said Parish, in lieu of the present Alms Houses intended to be taken down; such Vestry Rooms, Court Rooms, and Alms Houses, to be for ever then after used in such and the like Manner as the present Vestry Rooms and Alms Houses of the said Parish are and have been used, and to be thenafter sustained and kept in Repair by the said Parish and Duchy, in like Manner as the said Vestry Rooms and Alms Houses now are.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, and the said Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in Vestry assembled, may by mutual Assent make such Alterations and Variations in the Scite of the same intended Building or Buildings, and in the erecting thereof, as to them may seem meet, subject to such Provision as to an Increase in Expence, as in the said former recited Act is mentioned; or the said Inhabitants may accept a specific Sum in lieu of erecting such Vestry Rooms, Court Rooms, and Alms Houses, to be paid by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to such Person or Persons as the Inhabitants of the said Parish, in Vestry assembled, shall direct and appoint, to be laid out by them the said Inhabitants in the erecting of the said Buildings.

For preserving Uniformity in the Elevation of the Vestry Rooms, &c. (if built) with the adjoining Buildings. §8. - Common Council empowered to build on, or otherwise make use of, Part of the present Church Yard, leaving a Way round the Church. §9. The Church of Saint Clement Danes to be inclosed with Iron Railing, Gates, &c, § io."

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall find, provide, and set out, for the Use of the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, so much Ground for a Burial Ground, as shall be equal in Quantity of Superficial Feet, to such Ground as shall be taken by them from the present Church Yard or Burial Ground, of and belonging to the said Parish and Parish Church of Saint Clement Danes; such Ground so to be set out for that Purpose to be situate on the East Side of and fronting the intended Scite of the said new Alms Houses, and to extend Northward up to the South Wall of Clement's Inn Hall before mentioned; and that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, shall at their own Expence, to be paid out of the Fund arising by the said recited Act, procure all the said Ground so to be set out in lieu of the Burial Ground which shall be taken away, to be confeCrated as Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, and shall also enclose such Part of the said Ground as shall lie on the East Side of the said intended Alms Houses, with an Iron Railing, to be placed before the Fronts of the said Alms Houses, leavinga Passage in Front of the said Alms Houses, and shall also make and leave the said Ground proper for a Burial Ground, and shall fix and put up a proper Gate as an Entrance thereto, at such Place as shall be pointed out by the Churchwardens of the said Parish, with a Lock and other necessary Fastenings to such Gate.

Not to apply any Part of the present Church Yard, fsV. to the Purposes of this Act, until other Ground

is provided in lieu thereof. §12." 1

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in effecting the intended Improvements near the said Parish Church of Saint Clement Danes, the Graves in the Church Yard shall be as little disturbed, and as little Damage shall be done to the Grave Stones in and about the said Church Yard, as reasonably may be, and that such Grave Stones as shall be necefliarily removed on Account thereof, shall be refixed at the Expence of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London, to be paid out of the Fund arising by the said recited Act, in such Part or Parts of the present Church Yard as shall remain to be used as such, or in the New Church Yard or Burial Ground to be provided, as tha!I be most lit: Provided always, That whenever it shall be necessary in pursuance and execution of this Act, to open or disturb any Grave or Graves, or any Burial Vault in the said present Church Yard, it shall be lawful for the Relations and Friends of any Person or Persons whose Corpse or Corpses shall have been interred or deposited in such Grave or

Proviso as to

Alterations i» the Plan ihcrc-

ofj &c»

Common Council to provide certain additional Burial

Ground for the said Parish.

Grave* in the Church Yard to be disturbed as little as may be, and Grave Stones to be refixed, &c.

9+o

For appointing a Stand for Hackney Coaches between Temple Bar and Saint Clement’s Church.

Improvements to be carried into Effect within ten Years from the pairing of the former A €t.

C.lxi, lxii, lxiii. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Graves, or Vault, with the Consent of the Rector and Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to remove such Corpse or Corpses to any other Place or Places set apart for the Burial of the Dead, and afterwards, if they shall so think fit, to bring back the same, and deposit such Corple or Corpses in the said new Church Yard or Burial Ground, as soon as the said new Church Yard or Burial Ground shall be made fit for the Burial of the Dead; any Law, Ecclesiastical Canon, or Usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and such of the Corpses in the Graves or Vaults so to be opened or disturbed, as shall not be removed as aforesaid from the present Church Yard, shall, at the Fx-pence of the fjiid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to be paid out of the find Fund, and as loon as conveniently may be after the said new Church Yard or Burial Ground shall have been made fit for the Burial of the Dead, be taken out of the present Church Yard, and placed in the said new Church Yard or Burial Ground, except the Bodies in such Vaults or Graves as shall be finally closed up.

Common Council empowered to take down the South Portico of the Church of St. Clement Danes within u four Years; delivering the Materials to the Churchwardens. §14. Indemnity to the Rector for Tythes.

§ 15.

XVI. And whereas it is expedient that there should be only one Stand of Hackney Coaches allowed to ply for Hire in the open Streets, Ways, or Passages, made or to be made from Temple Bar, Westward, to the End of Arundel Street, and from thence Northward to the East End of IVych Street, and from thence Eastward to Temple Bar, as herein after mentioned \ be it therefore enacted, That no Hackney Coach shall hereafter stand or ply for Hire between Temple Bar and Arundel Street, and IVych Street, or between Arundel Street and the East End of IVych Street, except in a single Row of Coaches in the Middle of the wide Street between Saint Clement's Church and Temple Bar\ such intended Stand of Coaches not to extend Westward, within seventy Feet of the East End of the said Church, nor to extend Eastward beyond the third House to the East of the Entrance into Palsgrave Place, and that a free and uninterrupted Space or Distance of two Yards, at the least, shall be left between each and every of the Coaches on the said Stand, upon pain that the Owner or Driver of every Hackney Coach which shall stand or ply for Hire between Arundel Street and IVych Street, or between those last mentioned Streets and Temple Bar, except as hereinbefore is excepted, or at a less Distance, one Coach and Horses from the other than is hereinbefore specified, shall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, to be levied, recovered, and applied, as by the several Acts of Parliament now in force concerning Hackney Coaches, or any of them, are directed; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Bye Law, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. 58*3

The Costs and Expences of passing and executing the Purposes of this Act, to be paid out of the Monies arising under the former Act. §17. Powers, &c. contained in the former Act, lor making good Deficiencies in Taxes and Rates, are to extend to the Premises aforesaid. §18. Clauses, Powers, i$c. of the former Act, extended to this Act. §19. Power of purchasing limited to seven Years from the passing of the former Act. §20.99

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if*the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall not within the Space of ten Years, commencing and to be computed from the Time of passing the said recited Act, carry into Effect, do and complete the several Objects and Purposes of this Act, that then and in such Case this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities hereby given, shall from thenceforth ccafe and determine. '. u

[Public Act.]

§ 22P'

44

Cap. lxii.

An Act for authorizing the Trustees therein named, to raise Money by Rates or Assessments, within the Parish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, for the better and more effectually discharging Annuities, heretofore granted to certain Persons who have advanced Money towards repairing the Church belonging to the said Parish.

[21st June 1798.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Territories, of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grove hill, Sandholme, Stork hill. Mo lefcroft, Leckonfield, Arram, Scorbrough, Leckington, Ayke, Bejwick, IVilf holme, Kilnwick, JVatton, Hutton-Cranfuuick^ Rotfea, Featherholme, Skerne, Brigham, Fishholme,

Barm/Ion, |wn,

the

7, 2

County of York.

[21st June 1798.]

94i

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. lxiv—lxxi.

Cap. lxiv.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River itchin, at or near Northarn, within the Liberties of the Townsend County of the Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from the Jdid Town to the fetid Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Well hnu to Botley, in the County Southampton.

[21st June 1798.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers of two several Acts, the one passed in the twenty ninth ear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leasing from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe-hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the same relate to the Oxford District of the said Roads therein mentioned.

---

[21st June 1798.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to the Churchway in Lower Stanton Field, in the County of Wilts, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton aforesaid; and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackament's Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester; and also the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at Acton Turville; and also from Sherstone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath; and for making, maintaining, widening, and improving several other Roads communicating therewith.

[21st June 1798.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and rendering more effectual, several Acts for repairing the Road from the Golden Farmer near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to Basingstoke and Odiham, both in the said County of Southampton; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Southern Extremity of Northwarnborough Lane near Odiham aforesaid, over Northwarnborough Common, Hook Common, and Bartley Heath, and through the Parishes of Rotherwicke, Mattingley, and Heckfield, to a Place called the Bull Inn in the Parish of Swallowfield, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke aforesaid.

[21st June 1798.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for the better Government and Regulation of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

[28th June 1798.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for separating the two Parishes, called The Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, and The Parish of Saint George, in the County of Gloucester, as to the Maintenance of the Poor and the Repairs of the Highways of those Parishes, and as to ail Rates, Assessments, and Taxes, except the Land Tax; and for providing a Work-house for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George; and for the better Relief and Management of the Poor of both Parishes.

[28th June 1798.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Fen Grounds lying in the Parishes of Outwell, Stow Bardolph, Wimbotsham, and Downham, in the County of Norfolk.

[28th June 1798.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for more effectually widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Crossford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[28th June 1798.]

---

c. 94.

1

942

C. lxxii. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

ThtJ Corporation, the Trustees for the Docks, the Ship Owners, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of Liverpool empowered to niife

1 cool.

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for the better Security and Defence of the Town and Port of Liverpool.

[29th June 1798.]

WHEREAS it is highly necessary and expedient for the Safety and Protection of the Town and Port of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and its Inhabitants, that Floating Batteries and Gun Boats should he provided and Rationed, and other Works of Defence should be raised and erected, at the Mouth of the Port and Harbour of the said Town, and on the opposite and neighbouring Goads, to relict and repel any Attack which may be made by the Enemy upon the said Town and Port, its Docks and Shipping, and to act as Necessity may require: And whereas the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the said Town, in their General Corporate Capacity, and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the said Town, as Trustees of the Docks in the same Town, and the Ship Owners of the said Town and Port of Liverpool, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Liverpool, with the Approbation and Concurrence of the Inhabitants thereof, are desirous to contribute and raise a sufficient Sum of Money for promoting and defraying the Expence of so desirable an Object, in the Proportions and in the Manner herein after mentioned; but inasmuch as the said laudable Purposes cannot be carried into Effect without the Aid of Parliament May it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it Hull and may be lawful for the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Hurgtlles of the said Town for the Time being, in their General Corporate Capacity> and out of their Corporate Property, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required thereout to pay to the Treasurer or Treasurers nominated by the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of this A«£i, as is herein after mentioned, for the Time being, within two Months, the Sum of one thousand Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the said Town for the Time being, as Trustees of the said Docks in the said Town and Port of Liverpool, out of the Monies now in their Hands, or which they shall afterwards receive as such Trustees, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required thereout to pay to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, within two Months, the Sum of one thousand Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees herein after appointed for and on Behalf of the Ship Owners of the said Town and Port of Liverpool, out of the Monies which shall be as is herein after mentioned by them collected and raised in respect of the Ships and Vessels belonging.to such Ship Owners as aforesaid, and they are hereby accordingly authorized, empowered, and required thereout to pay to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, as soon as conveniently may be, the Sum of one thousand Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Liverpool, out of the Monies which they shall collect and receive by Means of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor, to be made and collected as is herein after mentioned, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required thereout to pay to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, as soon as conveniently may be, the Sum of two thousand Pounds; which said several Sums of one thousand Pounds, one thousand Pounds, one thousand Pounds, and two thousand Pounds, making together the Sum of five thousand Pounds, are to be laid out and expended by the Commissioners herein after appointed for carrying this Act into Execution, in the purchasing of Ground on the neighbouring or opposite Coasts, for a 'Perm of Years or otherwise, in their Names, and erecting Batteries thereon, and in constructing, purchasing, manning, and maintaining Gun Boats, and in purchasing and providing proper Ordnance, Ammunition, and other Military and N»val Stores for the supporting, furnishing, equipping, maintaining, and appointing such Batteries, Floating Batteries, and Gun Boats with all proper Means of Defence, and in procuring, purchasing, and providing all such other Stores and Things as shall appear proper and necessary to such Commissioners for the Defence of the Town and Port of Liverpool, its Docks and Shipping, against all Attacks of the Enemy, and in defraying all other Expences attending the executing this Act, and in paying or reimbui sing to any Person or Persons their reasonable Charges and Expences, and the Monies laid out by them in or about the making or procuring this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to lay out and expend the same accordingly.

Works to be approved by the King or Board of Ordnance. §2. Trustees for Ship Owners may raise their 1000l. by a Rate on the Tonnage of Ships. §3. Rates on Ships may be recovered by Distress,

&c. §4. Appeal against any Act of the Trustees may be made to the next General or Quarter Sessions. §5.

[Public Act.]

Churchwardens and Overseers may raise their 2000l. by a Rate, on Persons rateable to the Poor. §6. Limitation of Actions. Notice. Tender of Amends. Treble Costs. Churchwardens, &c. may advance Money out of Proceeds of Poor Rate now in their Hands, and reimburse themselves by a Rate under this Act. §7. Messuages under 5l. annual Value, Docks, Dock Dues, &c. exempted. §8. Trustees for the Ship Owners nominated; Elections to Vacancies. §9. Commissioners nominated. Election. §10. Commissioners to be sworn. §11. Appointment of Treasurer. §12. Property of the Ground, £s\r. ix vested in the Commissioners. §13. §14."

2

[Index removed.]

